Privacy Policy
Effective date: 09/09/2021
1. Introduction
Welcome to
Yolmo Labs Pty Ltd
.
Yolmo Labs Pty Ltd (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates
https://yolmo.com
and Learn to Code with Yolmo® mobile application (hereinafter referred to as “
Service
”).
Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to
https://yolmo.com
, and Learn to Code with Yolmo® mobile application, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our Service.
We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Our Terms and Conditions ("
Terms
") govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us ("
agreement
").
2. Definitions
**SERVICE ** means the
https://yolmo.com
website and Learn to Code with Yolmo® mobile application operated by Yolmo Labs Pty Ltd.
PERSONAL DATA
means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
USAGE DATA
is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
COOKIES
are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
DATA CONTROLLER
means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS)
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
**DATA SUBJECT ** is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
**THE USER ** is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
3. Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
4. Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("
Personal Data
"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or by emailing at
contact@yolmo.com
.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access Service by or through a mobile device ("
Usage Data
").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies:
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies:
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies:
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies:
Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Other Data
While using our Service, we may also collect the following information: sex, age, date of birth, place of birth, passport details, citizenship, registration at place of residence and actual address, telephone number (work, mobile), details of documents on education, qualification, professional training, employment agreements, non-disclosure agreements, information on bonuses and compensation, information on marital status, family members, social security (or other taxpayer identification) number, office location and other data.
5. Use of Data
Yolmo Labs Pty Ltd uses the collected data for various purposes:
to provide and maintain our Service;
to notify you about changes to our Service;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;
to provide customer support;
to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;
to monitor the usage of our Service;
to detect, prevent and address technical issues;
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.;
to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information;
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
for any other purpose with your consent.
7. Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
7. Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Yolmo Labs Pty Ltd will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
8. Disclosure of Data
We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide:
8.1 Disclosure for Law Enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities.
8.2 Business Transaction.
If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred.
8.3 Other cases. We may disclose your information also:
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
for the purpose of including your company’s logo on our website;
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
with your consent in any other cases;
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others.
9. Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
10. Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered by GDPR. – See more at
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj
We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at
contact@yolmo.com
.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
the right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you;
the right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete;
the right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data;
the right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information;
the right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format;
the right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal information;
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Please note, we may not able to provide Service without some necessary data.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
11. Your Data Protection Rights under the California Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivable the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at:
https://consumercal.org/about-cfc/cfc-education-foundation/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa-3/
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
users can visit our site anonymously;
our Privacy Policy link includes the word “Privacy”, and can easily be found on the page specified above on the home page of our website;
users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page;
users are able to change their personal information by emailing us at
contact@yolmo.com
.
Our Policy on “Do Not Track” Signals:
We honor Do Not Track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track browser mechanism is in place. Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
12. Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("
Service Providers
"), provide Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
13. Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We also encourage you to review the Google’s policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
.
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Segment.io
Segment.io is a web traffic analysis tool. You can read the Privacy Policy for Segment.io here:
https://segment.com/legal/privacy/
.
Mixpanel
Mixpanel is provided by Mixpanel Inc.
You can prevent Mixpanel from using your information for analytics purposes by opting-out. To opt-out of Mixpanel service, please visit this page:
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
For more information on what type of information Mixpanel collects, please visit the Terms of Use page of Mixpanel:
https://mixpanel.com/terms/
14. CI/CD tools
We may use third-party Service Providers to automate the development process of our Service.
GitHub
GitHub is provided by GitHub, Inc.
GitHub is a development platform to host and review code, manage projects, and build software.
For more information on what data GitHub collects for what purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please visit GitHub Privacy Policy page:
https://help.github.com/en/articles/github-privacy-statement.
Fastlane
Fastlane is provided by Google, Inc.
Fastlane is a continuous delivery tool for iOS and Android apps.
For more information on what data Fastlane collects for what purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please visit the Google Privacy Policy page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
15. Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
Google AdSense DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
16. Behavioral Remarketing
Yolmo Labs Pty Ltd uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google Ads (AdWords)
Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on –
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
– for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Twitter
Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc.
You can opt-out from Twitter’s interest-based ads by following their instructions:
https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405
You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page:
https://twitter.com/privacy
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:
https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook’s interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada
http://youradchoices.ca/
or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
17. Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
PayPal or Braintree:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
18. Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
19. Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13 ("
Children
").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under 13. If you become aware that a Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
20. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
21. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
contact@yolmo.com
.
By visiting this page on our website:
https://yolmo.com/contact-us
.
By mail:
contact@yolmo.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://consumercal.org/about-cfc/cfc-education-foundation/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa-3/:
Education Foundation
Consumer Federation of California
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
—updated July 29, 2015
The first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy, the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) went into effect in 2004. It was amended in 2013 to require new privacy disclosures regarding tracking of online visits.
CalOPPA applies to any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) whose website collects personally identifiable information from California consumers. CalOPPA requires the website to feature a conspicuous privacy policy stating exactly what information is collected and with whom it is shared; it also requires the operator of the website or online service to comply with the site’s privacy policy. Those who fail to do so are at risk of civil litigation under the state’s Unfair Competition Law.
Who does CalOPPA apply to?
CalOPPA applies to any person or entity that owns or operates a commercial website or online service that “collects and maintains personally identifiable information from a consumer residing in California who uses or visits” said website or online service. CalOPPA does not apply to Internet service providers or similar entities that transmit or store personally identifiable information for a third party.
In 2012, the California Attorney General’s Office specifically applied CalOPPA to mobile applications for smartphones and tablets that collect personally identifiable information. Hundreds of apps providers were notified that they were in violation of CalOPPA, and they were given 30 days to submit compliance plans or face fines of up to $2,500 for each time their app was downloaded.
What is “personally identifiable information”?
As legally defined, “personally identifiable information” refers to details collected on the Internet about an individual consumer, including an individual’s first and last name, a physical street address, an email address, a telephone number, a Social Security number, or any other information that permits a specific individual to be contacted physically or online. The term extends to details such as a person’s birthday, height, weight or hair color that are collected online and stored by an operator in personally identifiable form.
What is required under CalOPPA?
The operator of a commercial website or online service must conspicuously post a privacy policy on its website. According to CalOPPA, conspicuously posting a privacy policy means:
The privacy policy is shown on the website’s homepage; or
A link – via an icon that contains the word “privacy” – appears on the homepage and directly takes consumers to the privacy policy. In this instance, the icon must be in a color different from the homepage’s background; or
The privacy policy is linked to the homepage via a hypertext link that contains the word “privacy,” is written in capital letters equal to or greater in size than the surrounding text; is displayed in a type, font or color that contrasts with the surrounding text of the same size; or is otherwise distinguishable from surrounding text on the homepage.
CalOPPA also requires website operators to adhere to their stated privacy policy. As May 2014 guidance from the California Attorney General’s Office says, “It requires them to say what they do and do what they say – to conspicuously post a privacy policy and to comply with it.”
To be considered in compliance with CalOPPA, the website’s privacy policy must contain the following:
A list of the categories of personally identifiable information the operator collects;
A list of the categories of third parties with whom the operator may share such personally identifiable information;
A description of the process (if any) by which the consumer can review and request changes to his or her personally identifiable information as collected by the operator;
A description of the process by which the operator notifies consumers of material changes to the operator’s privacy policy; and
The effective date of the privacy policy.
An operator will be considered in violation of CalOPPA if it fails to post a privacy policy within 30 days after being notified of noncompliance. An operator who fails to comply with CalOPPA or with the terms of its privacy policy will be found to be in violation of CalOPPA only if its noncompliance is either knowing and willful or negligent and material. This means that a non-material (i.e., minor) but deliberate breach can give rise to liability. As a result, minor technical defects in the posting or the contents of a privacy policy could be a basis for liability.
AB 370 Requires New Privacy Disclosures
Assembly Bill 370 (Muratsuchi), signed into law in 2013, amended CalOPPA to require new privacy policy disclosures for websites and online services’ tracking of visitors, defined in the legislative analysis of the bill as “the monitoring of an individual across multiple websites to build a profile of behavior and interests.”
AB 370 was in part driven by the advent of “Do Not Track” computer coding, which can signal websites when visitors indicate they prefer not to be monitored. AB 370 is intended to bring greater transparency and consumer scrutiny to website practices, but it does not limit tracking.
As the bill’s author, Assembly Member Al Muratsuchi (D-Torrance) explained, “This bill would increase consumer awareness of the practice of online tracking by websites and online services, such as mobile apps. AB 370 will allow consumers to learn from a website’s privacy policy whether or not that website honors a Do Not Track signal. This will allow the consumer to make an informed decision about their use of the website or service.”
Under AB 370, privacy policies for websites or online services used by California residents (includes mobile apps for smartphones and tablets) are required to:
Disclose how a business’s website or online service responds to Do Not Track signals from Web browsers.
Disclose whether third parties may collect visitors’ personally identifiable information on a business’s website or online service.
Provide “a clear and conspicuous hyperlink in the operator’s privacy policy to an online location containing a description, including the effects, of any program or protocol the operator follows that offers the consumer that choice.”
What are the consequences of noncompliance?
CalOPPA does not contain enforcement provisions. It is expected, however, that CalOPPA will be enforced through California’s Unfair Competition Law (UCL), which is located at Business and Professions Code §§ 17200-17209. Under the UCL the California Attorney General’s Office, district attorneys, and some city and county attorneys can file suit against businesses for acts of “unfair competition,” which are considered to be any act involving business that violates California law. As a result, violations of CalOPPA may be considered violations of the UCL. Government officials bringing suit for violations of CalOPPA may seek civil penalties and equitable relief under the UCL. In addition, the UCL provides that private plaintiffs may assert private claims for violations of CalOPPA under the UCL.
Operators who violate CalOPPA may also be susceptible to actions by the Federal Trade Commission, which may bring enforcement action against businesses whose posted privacy policy is deceptive – that is, where a business fails to comply with its posted privacy policy.
____________________
Read more:
Online Privacy Protection
California Online Privacy Laws
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Recent Online Privacy Legislation in California
Protecting Your Child’s Online Privacy
Teens’ Online Privacy
Tips for Safe Internet Use
Is Your Computer Secure?
Frequently Asked Questions About Online Privacy
R
F
T
© 2025 Consumer Federation of California
About Us
CFC in the News
Privacy Policy
Cy Pres Awards
CFC Education Foundation
Employment
Contact Us
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://segment.com/legal/privacy/:
Print this page
Customer and Partner Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreements
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
Twilio Marketplace Terms
Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform Destination Integration and Listing Terms
AI/ML Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Sub-processors
GDPR
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
Mobile Application Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Italy ALIAS Database Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct (Italy)
Twilio Privacy Notice
Last Updated
:
February 6, 2025
(View the prior version of our privacy notice
here
An icon of a outbound link arrow
)
Introduction
The Privacy program of Twilio Inc. and its
group companies
(‘Twilio’, ‘we’ or ‘our’) is built on our
Binding Corporate Rules
('BCRs'), which serve as our code of conduct that governs our global processing of personal data.
In order to provide products and services ('Services') to our customers and conduct our day-to-day business operations, including the operation of our websites, we collect, use and share, or otherwise process personal data about our customers, our customers’ authorized users ('end user') and their customers, our website visitors and business contacts.
Personal data
is any information that directly identifies you, such as your name and email address, or that indirectly identifies you, for example a phone number or device identifier.
The personal data we may collect and process about you varies depending on our relationship with you. We may have a direct relationship with you because you have set up an account or consented to receive marketing communications from us, or we may have an indirect relationship with you via your relationship with one of our customers; for example you may be their employee or their customer.
We take privacy, data protection and our legal obligations very seriously. We are committed to being transparent with you about how we use personal data. This Privacy Notice ('Notice') aims to describe our privacy practices in a clear, accessible and easy to understand way and to let you know how you can exercise your rights in relation to your data.
This Notice applies where Twilio processes personal data as a
data controller
, in connection with the Services we provide to our customers and the operation of our business, including our websites.  As a data controller, we determine the purpose (why) and means (how) of personal data processing and are ultimately responsible for the correct handling of your data, in accordance with applicable law.  This Notice describes our general privacy practices. Depending on how you interact with us or the specific services you use, additional privacy notices may apply. These supplemental notices will be provided to you at or before the time we collect your personal data. These supplemental notices should be read together with this Notice and are incorporated by reference.
This Notice
does not apply
to the Personal Data we process in relation to job applicants. This is covered by our
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
.
We also process personal data for most of our Services as a
data processor
. As a data processor, we process personal data related to our customers' employees, end users and customers on behalf of our customers to provide Services to them in accordance with their instructions. These instructions are set out in our customer agreements,
Data Protection Addendum
, service specific terms or through a customer's use or configuration of a product feature.  You should contact these organizations directly for information about how they process your personal data as a
data controller
and to exercise your rights in relation to that data.
Contents of our Privacy Notice
Personal Data We Process
How We Process Personal Data
How We Disclose Personal Data
International Data Transfers
How We Secure Personal Data
How Long We Retain Personal Data
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Children
Automated Decision-Making
How to Contact Us
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Twilio Product Privacy
Personal Data We Process
The personal data we collect about you depends on your relationship with us and the purposes for which we process that personal data. The following describes the types of personal data that we collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Personal Data You Share With Us Directly
Contact Information -
When you sign up for a Twilio, Sendgrid or Segment account and use any of our Services, request product information, ask for a call from our sales team, or participate in events, we ask you to provide us with your name, company name, business address, phone number, email address and other contact information. We also ask you to create a password and name your account (or accounts, if you have more than one).
Customer Account Data -
We process certain personal data to manage our relationship with you and administer you or your company’s account. This includes purchase history, names or contact information of individuals authorized to manage the Twilio account on behalf of our customer to set up, access and manage billing. We also collect personal data required to administer use of your account and the Services, and information to allow us to verify your identity for Know Your Customer or other identity verification purposes.
Customer Content -
We receive and store the content of communications received from you or our customers and other personal data uploaded to the Services or generated for our customers’ use as part of the Services, which we may be authorized by you or our customer to use, where necessary for specific legitimate business purposes and in accordance with applicable law.
Marketing and Contact Preferences -
We use information about how you would like to be contacted and choices you have made to send you marketing communications.
Payment Information -
In connection with Services you pay for, we ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card or your Paypal account and your billing address. Our payment processor, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our Services. Our payment processor will share your billing address with Twilio for this purpose.
Personalization Details -
Some of our products, such as our short code service, may require you to complete an application form by providing details about your or your company’s  intended use of the product to determine eligibility for these products.
Professional Information -
The information we process about you with respect to your employment or profession, including company, job title, email address, phone number and online business networking profile.
Subscriber Records -
For some of our communications products, we may also obtain proof of identity from you or our customer that includes a proof of address, name, physical address, or other identification information. For example, to use our
Trust Hub
or to obtain a phone number in certain countries, local law may require us to have a physical service address on file for the individual who will be using that Twilio number, whether that’s you or our customer's end user.
Support and Feedback -
When you interact with us on our websites including through our AI chatbots (e.g. our Help Center Assistant), over the phone or via email, we process the phone number or email address that you use, the content of your interaction and the feedback you provide about our Services. You may also provide us with feedback about our Services in surveys and questionnaires. We will let you know when a call may be recorded, in accordance with applicable law.
Personal Data We Generate or Collect Automatically
Communications Usage Data -
When you or our customers use Twilio communications products, we collect electronic communications metadata, such as phone numbers and routing information, the source and destination of a communication, location of the device generated in the context of delivering the communication, date, time, duration and type of communication, status of the message, error data and traffic records.
Device Information and IP Addresses -
When you use our account portal, we collect your IP address and device information through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies. We also collect IP addresses when you make requests to our APIs and in our server logs. Additionally, we collect information about your device, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city or town when you use our account portal.
We do not collect precise geolocation information.
Online Activity Information -
When you visit Twilio websites, including our web forms, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and pixels to collect the following data: your device and browser, time zone setting, web pages visited, products you view or search for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, IP address.
Security Identifiers or SIDs -
When you sign up for an account with Twilio, we’ll automatically assign you and each of your accounts a unique security ID and generate an API token for each account. We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials.
Customer Proprietary Network Information -
When you use certain US voice-based communications services, Twilio collects information associated with your service usage. This includes information such as the number of phone calls, call destinations, call locations, type, and service configuration, and is known as Customer Proprietary Network Information ('CPNI'). CPNI does not include information such as your name, address, phone number, or the content of phone calls. We use CPNI to market Twilio-related Services to which you are not already subscribed unless you have exercised your right to opt out. For information about your CPNI choices, see the section “
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
” below.
Personal Data Collected From Other Sources
Add-On Service Data -
In the event you purchase our Services through one of our
Add-On Partners
, they may share your personal data with us to fulfill their contractual obligations. Add-On Partners may share your personal data in the form of leads when you download Twilio content on the Add-On Partner’s website or you participate in events and webinars of which Twilio is a sponsor.
Professional Data -
We collect certain personal data such as employment or professional information from sources other than you. We may combine this data with other personal data that you share with us.
Publicly-Available Sources -
We may also use publicly-available information about you that we have gathered through services like LinkedIn, or we may obtain information about you or your company from third party providers, such as your industry, the size of your company, and your company’s website URL.
Social Media Data -
Social media service providers such as Google, LinkedIn, and Meta may provide us with information about you, in accordance with your privacy settings on those sites.
Telecommunication Data -
We receive communication-related data from telecommunications operators, aggregators and carriers that may include phone type, carrier history, SIM status and history, city and/or country where phone was first registered, contract and account type, IP address city and/or country and a validation result of personal data provided by our customer and whether it matches data held by the carrier.
How We Process Personal Data
The purposes for which we process personal depends on your relationship with us. We only use personal data that is necessary to fulfill the specified purposes listed below as applicable to you and in accordance with applicable data protection law.
Purpose
Personal Data Processed
Legal Basis for Processing
Creating and managing accounts, including verification of the identity of our customer’s end user for Know-Your-Customer (KYC) or identity verification purposes.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Professional Information
Subscriber Records
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Carrying out Twilio’s core business operations, such as account administration, accounting, auditing and compliance, business analytics, filing taxes, finance, forecasting, consolidated management and reporting, product strategy and revenue planning.
Add-On Service Data
Professional Information
Customer Account Data
Support and Feedback
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Billing and relationship management.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Legitimate Interest
Providing, optimizing and maintaining our Services and, platform, including debugging and troubleshooting.
Add-On Service Data
Subscriber Records
Online Activity Information
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and managing the security of Twilio’s platform, services, websites and accounts.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Preventing, detecting, or investigating abuse or misuse of Twilio’s platform or Services , including spam, fraud, illegal activities, or violations of the
Twilio Acceptable Use Policy
,
or assisting telecommunications service providers, regulators, or law enforcement agencies with combating spam, fraud, or illegal activities.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Contact Information
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Telecommunications Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Determining eligibility for certain Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Payment Information
Personalization Details
Subscriber Records
Legitimate Interest
For routing and connectivity purposes to send messages on behalf of our customers, including transmitting, distributing and exchanging communications using phone numbers, either through the public switched telephone network or other communications networks.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Legitimate Interest
Providing customer support, including responding to your requests and communicating with you about your account and use of the services, including suspicious activity or security alerts.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Professional Information
Support and Feedback
Security Identifier
Other personal data provided by requestor
Legitimate interest
Sending important notifications about our Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Complying with legal and regulatory obligations, telecommunication service provider requirements and communications industry codes of practice.
Subscriber Records
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Sending marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Analyzing your interest in our Services and delivering marketing campaigns that are relevant to you.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Deploying cookies and other tracking technologies in accordance with your online settings.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Understanding how visitors navigate our websites, and tracking and optimizing the performance of our advertising activities.
Device Information
Online Activity Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Understanding how customers are using our platform and improving the website navigation experience.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Online Activity Information
Professional Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Conducting questionnaires and surveys to improve our Services and provide training to our employees.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Personalization Details
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Managing your participation in our events and webinars and granting you access to whitepapers and on-demand resources.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Collecting sales insights and performing lead scoring.
Contact Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing our business by updating, expanding, and analyzing our customer relationship records.
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Identifying potential job candidates.
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing or improving our Services, including anonymizing, de-identifying, pseudonymizing and aggregating personal data for this purpose.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Personalization Details
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
As otherwise authorized by you or our customer in Service specific terms or through your or our customer’s use and configuration of features in a product.
Data used will vary based on customer authorization
Legitimate Interest
Protecting the health and safety of our employees, visitors and our properties.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legal Obligation
Protecting the rights and freedoms of individuals, meeting legal or regulatory obligations, including complying with valid court orders, disclosure requests, subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Security Identifier
Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interest
How We Disclose Personal Data
We disclose personal data to third parties in limited circumstances in order to provide the Services and to otherwise run our business. Below are the different scenarios under which we may disclose your data to third parties.
Telecommunications Service Providers
Twilio’s communications products provide an easier way for developers to build applications that make use of the publicly switched telephone network ('PSTN') to send communications. Therefore, we engage with a global network of telecommunications operators, aggregators, carriers and other communication service providers (collectively, “telecommunications service providers”) as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How telecommunications service providers handle this data is generally determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Where telecommunications service providers transmit the content of a communication, they function neither as data controllers nor data processors, instead they act simply as a conduit to transmit communication content. In the event telecommunications services providers process any personal data for their own purposes such as communications metadata required to transmit the message, or for billing or fraud prevention purposes, they also act as data controllers.
We may have to share Subscriber Records with local government authorities or local telecommunications carriers that provide connectivity services. However, we don’t share subscriber records for purposes other than this, and we treat these records with our highest confidentiality.
Other Communications Service Providers
For proper routing and connectivity, Twilio also enables sending or receiving communications through communications service providers that do not use the PSTN, these are referred to as Over-the-Top ('OTT') communications service providers. If you or our customer chooses to use Twilio to send or receive communications by way of these providers, Twilio will disclose communications content and other data to these providers as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How those OTT communications service providers, as data controllers, handle this data is determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Third Party Service Providers
Twilio engages third-party vendors and service providers to carry out certain personal data processing functions on our behalf. These providers are limited to only accessing or using personal data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data.
Add-On Partners
Add-ons are additional features, functionality or services offered by Twilio’s Add-on partners (who are third parties not affiliated with Twilio). Twilio may make Add-ons available through the Twilio Marketplace. Some Add-ons may need to access or collect some of your information, including personal data. If you choose to use an Add-on, Twilio will disclose your information to the Add-on partner so you can use the Add-on. Twilio does not control Add-on partners’ use of your information and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own policies. If you do not want your information to be disclosed to an Add-on partner, then you should not use the Add-on.
Twilio Group Members
We may disclose your personal data among Twilio Group Members. Twilio Group Members will only use the information as described in this Notice. Twilio Group Members are listed in Appendix 1 in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
We may disclose your personal data to a third party if:
If we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or a government request (including to meet national security, emergency services, or law enforcement requirements);
to enforce our agreements and policies;
to protect the security or integrity of our Services;
to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, including security threats, spam and fraud; or
to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury.
For more details, please see the procedure laid out in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
If Twilio is required by law to disclose any personal data about you, we will notify you or our customers of the disclosure requirement to the extent legally permitted and where Twilio determines such disclosure will not interfere with an ongoing investigation. Further, we object to information requests we do not believe were issued properly.
Business Transfers
In connection with a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal data about you may be part of the assets transferred or disclosed in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction. If required by law, we will notify you prior to such a transfer and provide you with information about any choices you may have with respect to your personal data.
Aggregated, Anonymized or De-identified Data
Aggregated, anonymized and de-identified data may be derived by Twilio from your personal data but is generally not considered personal data under data protection law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. We may use and disclose de-identified, anonymized or aggregated data to third parties. We do not disaggregate or reidentify de-identified data.
International Data Transfers
As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal data to Twilio affiliates, contractors, service providers and third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world. When we transfer your personal data, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data remains protected.
Data Transfers to the United States and Elsewhere
When you use our account portal, or our other Services, your personal data may be transferred to the United States, where our primary processing facilities are located, and possibly to other countries where we or our service providers operate.
Safeguards for Data Transfers
Twilio employs appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of personal data, as required by applicable local law.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF“)
As set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce Twilio is officially certified under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF and relies on these certifications as its primary transfer mechanisms for transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S. Twilio adheres to the DPF principles for onward transfers of personal data to third parties and remains liable for damages caused by third parties under the DPF unless Twilio did not cause the event giving rise to damage. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Twilio’s compliance with the DPF. To learn more about the DPF Program, and to view our certifications, please visit the
DPF website
.
Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules
Twilio has established and implemented a set of
Binding Corporate Rules
for internal transfers of personal data between Twilio Group Members in the European Union and Twilio Group Members elsewhere as a data controller. Twilio’s BCRs have been approved by European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Twilio to adequately protect personal data that Twilio processes regardless of where the information resides. You can access Twilio’s BCR-Controller Policy
here
.
Where neither the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-EU DPF nor Twilio's BCRs apply, we rely instead on other data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, such as Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.
APEC CBPR & PRP Participation
Twilio’s privacy practices, described in this Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (“CBPR”) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”) Systems. The APEC, CBPR and PRP systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
How We Secure Personal Data
To protect personal data from loss, or unauthorized use, access or disclosure, Twilio uses reasonable and appropriate security measures designed to protect the security of your personal data both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal data we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.  All systems used to support our business are governed by Twilio’s Information Security Policy and Standards which are built on industry standards and best practices such as the ISO 27001 and NIST standards. More information about our security measures can be found in our
Security Overview
.
How Long We Retain Personal Data
We endeavor not to retain personal data in a form which permits identification of individuals for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which that data is processed. We retain personal data in accordance with Twilio's record retention policies and guidelines as revised and updated from time to time.
Twilio will store your Customer Account Data as long as needed to provide you or our customer with the Services and to operate our business. If you ask Twilio to delete specific personal data from your Customer Account Data (see ‘
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
’ below), we will honor this request, unless deleting that information prevents us from carrying out necessary business functions, such as billing for our services, calculating taxes, or conducting required audits.
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
Depending on the data protection laws applicable to you, you may have the following rights in relation to your personal data that we process as a data controller:
that we provide details about the categories of personal data that we collect about you, including how we collect and share it;
that we provide you access to, and a copy of, the personal data we collect about you;
that we update or correct any inaccurate personal data we have about you;
that we delete the personal data we have about you;
that we restrict processing of personal data about you;
that we provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used format and to transmit that information to another controller, and where feasible, transmit the information directly;
that we provide you with the right to object to the processing of personal data, including profiling;
that we provide you with a free, easy mechanism to object to use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes;
that you not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, that produces legal effects or similarly affects your individual rights;
to withdraw your consent; and
to complain to a competent supervisory authority and/or to commence proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Twilio will honor your rights subject to limitations in certain situations, such as where Twilio can demonstrate that it has a legal requirement or legitimate interest to process your data or can legitimately apply an exemption to the exercise of a right under applicable law. More information about these rights can be found in our Binding Corporate Rules Controller Policy
Rule 10
and
Appendix 3
.
If you are a
US resident
interested in what personal data we have disclosed lately for our business purposes, here’s a list:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Financial information
Internet or other electronic activity information
Geolocation information
Professional or employment information
By “our business purposes,” we mean that we only disclose personal data as we describe in the section "
How We Disclose Personal Data
" above.  Also, as described in the “How We Use Cookies & Other Tracking technologies” section below, we process personal data to deliver ads targeted to your interests on other companies’ websites and mobile apps. Some of these activities may be considered “sharing” or “targeted advertising” under certain laws. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising, and can do so by adjusting your preferences using our Cookie Preferences Tool located on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
You also have the right to request the restriction of processing of your sensitive personal information. Where applicable, the respective sensitive personal information will be marked accordingly and may only be processed by us for certain purposes. At the current time, however, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those expressed in this Privacy Notice or otherwise permitted by applicable law, and these uses cannot be limited under California law.
You may have additional rights under our
Binding Corporate Rules
in the EU. For example, where you believe your personal data has been transferred by an EU-based Twilio company to our US headquarters and processed by the US company in breach of the Binding Corporate Rules, you may have a right to:
Lodge a complaint with the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe;
Lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the same country as the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe; and
Bring a court action against the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe.
If Twilio processes your personal data as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will either direct you to contact our customer to exercise your rights.
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
The following sections provide information about how to exercise certain rights in relation to your personal data. To exercise any other rights, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
Accessing and Controlling Account Data
As part of our Services, we provide you with a number of self-service features at no additional cost within the Twilio console itself, including the ability to access your data, update any incorrect data, download a copy of your data, delete your data, or restrict the use of your data. You can make various choices about your Customer Account Data through the account portal when you log into your Twilio account or through the marketing preferences center. Any other requests about your data you cannot make through these self-service tools, you can request by contacting
Customer Support
.
Closing Your Account and Deletion
To request closure or deletion of your Twilio account, you can contact
Customer Support
. Please be aware that closure or deletion of your Twilio account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and the data in the account. After closure of your account, certain information associated with your account may remain on Twilio’s servers in an aggregated form that does not identify you. Similarly, after you close your account, we will retain data — including personal data — associated with your account that we are required to maintain for legal purposes or for necessary business operations (see “
How Long We Retain Personal  Data
” section above) until it’s no longer needed.
Identity Verification
In some instances, we will need to verify your identity before honoring your request. We will generally verify your identity by asking you to provide personal data related to your recent interactions with us. Thereafter, we will process your request and inform you of any decisions we have made about your request.  Additionally, you may exercise your privacy rights through an authorized agent. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
We won’t discriminate against you or change the price of our services if you make a request, but if you ask us to delete your data, it may affect your ability to use our Services.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
As an individual Twilio account holder or as an authorized representative of a Twilio customer in the US, you have the right to restrict Twilio’s use of
CPNI
. To opt-out of the use of CPNI data related to your Twilio account to market other Twilio Services based on your usage of our Services, click
here
.  Please note that, if you have subscribed for the services on behalf of an organization, the CPNI relates to the service usage by that organization and not you individually. Opting-out of the use of CPNI for marketing will not unsubscribe you from other types of marketing contacts from Twilio and will not affect the status of the services you currently have with us. Your approval or opt-out of the use of your CPNI outside of the services to which you are already subscribed is valid until you affirmatively revoke or limit such approval.
Communication Preferences
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time through your marketing preferences page by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from Twilio. You can also
update your communication preferences
using our online form or contact our
Customer Support
Team to communicate your choice to opt out. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as password reset emails, billing emails, or notifications of updates to our terms, unless you deactivate your account.
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Twilio uses common information gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, your account or when you interact with emails we send to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your browser or elsewhere on your hard drive. Cookies allow Twilio to identify your device as you navigate our websites or your account. This makes navigating and interacting with our websites or your account more efficient, easy and meaningful for you.
Twilio uses both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer. Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you’ve turned it off.
The cookies on our websites fall into three categories: (1) Required Cookies, (2) Functional Cookies, and (3) Advertising Cookies. To learn more about each category of cookie, you can visit our cookie consent tool by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting.
Manage Your Cookie Preferences
Twilio uses a cookie consent tool, which you can utilize to customize your cookie preferences. When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and ask you to customize your cookie preferences. If you decide to change your preferences at a later date, you can easily do so by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Please note that Required Cookies cannot be disabled and if you decide to opt-out of Functional Cookies, certain functionality of our websites or your account may be impacted.  Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
Manage Cookies Using Your Browser
In addition to using our Cookie Consent tool, you can use your browser settings to opt out of Functional Cookies and Advertising Cookies. For more information on how to do that, click
here
. To manage privacy and storage settings for cookies, click
here
.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms
Global Privacy Control (GPC) and Do Not Track (DNT) are tools that you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences in regard to ad trackers. To set up GPC, you can visit the
Global Privacy Control
page. To set DNT, you can visit the
All About DNT
page. Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account.
Opt Out of Advertising Cookies
To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the
Your Online Choices
page, the
Network Advertising Initiative
page, and the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice
page. These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Twilio. We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Web Beacons
Twilio also uses web beacons to gather data about your use of our websites, your account, and how you interact with emails we have sent to you. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like when you view a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Additionally, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a Twilio website.
Children
Our Services are not directed to or intended to be used by children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK, or 16 in the EEA). We do not knowingly permit children to sign up for a Twilio account. If we become aware that a child has signed up for an account, we will take reasonable steps to deactivate the account and remove their personal data from our records as quickly as possible. If you believe an underage person has signed up for a Twilio account, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
with the subject line “Children”.
Automated Decision Making
Automated decision-making occurs when an electronic system uses personal data to make a decision about you, without human involvement. Twilio uses automated decision-making leveraging a variety of signals derived from records we collect or obtain from third party vendors, to help monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity.  We may also use this information to evaluate your account application and make decisions about whether to approve or decline. If your account is suspended or not approved under these circumstances you will be notified and given an opportunity to request human review of the decision.
We may rely on other automated decision-making where:
We have notified you of the decision and provided you with the opportunity to request a human review of the decision
It is necessary to perform a contract with you and appropriate measures are in place to safeguard your rights
We have your consent and we have put in place appropriate measures to safeguard your rights
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Notice or our data protection practices, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing us at
privacy@twilio.com
or by writing to us at any of the following addresses:
Worldwide Headquarters
Twilio Inc.
101 Spear Street, 5th Floor
San Francisco CA 94105
EEA Headquarters
Twilio Ireland Limited
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Dublin 2
D02 R296, Ireland
Complaints
We will endeavor to resolve questions, concerns or complaints you raise with us in accordance with our
Complaints Handling Procedure
. In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve your concern, you can find information about your options to seek assistance through independent dispute resolution mechanisms or complaints to your local data protection authority
here
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Twilio commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance that are not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. You can find more information in the DPF
ANNEX-I-introduction.
If your question or complaint relates to personal data we process as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will direct you to contact our customer to address your question or complaint.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We will periodically review this Notice and may change it to address legal, technical or business development requirements or make clarifications. When we change this Notice, the most current version will be available at
https://www/twilio.com/legal/privacy
with the date indicating when it was last updated. If we make material changes that affect your rights, we will provide you with advance notice, such as by posting a message in the Twilio console or sending an email to the address we have on file for you. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this Notice. We will also seek your consent to material changes, where required by applicable law.
Twilio Product Privacy
Twilio offers a range of industry-leading communications and customer data platform services to our customers. Depending on the Service, Twilio may be a data controller and data processor of personal data used to provide the Services.
Twilio processes personal data (Communications Usage Data and Customer Content) for most of our Services as a data processor acting on the instruction of our customer and in accordance with the terms of our agreement with a customer, our
Data Protection Addendum
, and service specific terms. Our Services provide customers with ways to control, access and secure their data.
We also offer customers the ability to store, delete, access, or exercise other choices about their personal data. The ability to make these choices depends on the Service being used and how it is being used by a customer. Customers are referred to our
API docs
for each of our Services, along with SendGrid’s
documentation
and Segment’s
documentation
to find more detailed information about managing personal data collected and stored in connection with their use of our Services. We also provide an overview of our retention and deletion practices, including how to delete data you control in our
support documentation
. We provide information about the security measures we use to protect our customer’s data  in our
Security Overview
, and if you are located in a country that requires you to obtain information about our supplemental measures, you may read more about those measures
here
.
For some of the Services we also act as a data controller where disclosed and agreed to by our customer in the agreement, Data Protection Addendum, product specific terms or via the customers’ use and configuration of a product or feature.As a data controller, Twilio is responsible for the processing of the personal data.
For more detail on our Services, please find information below or by visiting our
products page
.
Authy
The Authy service is our standalone two-factor authentication (2FA) service for desktop and mobile. The Authy apps generate one time passwords and push notifications that can be used as a part of a two-step verification process with your Authy-compatible accounts to add another layer of security. Authy’s 2FA can be used on its own or with applications that directly integrate with Authy’s 2-factor authentication API.
Due to the nature of the Authy service, Twilio collects the following additional personal data elements to our other Services:
Identifiers
Once you open the Authy app, we ask you to provide us with a phone number to create your Authy account. We send a verification code to that phone number to be sure that the person creating the Authy account also has control over the phone number entered. This phone number is considered your “primary device,” and will be the identifier for your Authy account. We use that phone number to identify you, to provide you 2FA services, and to maintain logs for security and anti-fraud purposes. We also collect your email address, and we use it for identity verification and account recovery purposes.
Device Information
When you download and open the Authy desktop or mobile app, we automatically collect information about the type of device you have downloaded the app on and your device identifier. We collect this to ensure we deliver the right version of the app for your device and so that we can provide appropriate follow up support as necessary. We also use your device information to ensure proper delivery of our service and to provide and deliver support and maintenance of the Authy app.
Login History and Authy Account History
When you use an Authy token to log into an account, whether the token was generated on the app or one sent to you via your phone number, we collect and keep information associated with your login activity including information like your IP address, what application you logged in to, that you logged in, and when. If you change your phone number or email associated with your Authy account, we will also keep a log of that. We collect this information to monitor for suspicious activity and also as another piece of information that could be used to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Geolocation information
If you have location services turned on, we collect your location based on your IP address. We use this information for anti-fraud purposes, to check for suspicious activity and as another piece of information we can use to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Frontline Services
To use the Frontline services, you must log in to the Frontline app using a third party account (through your Single Sign-On provider). The authentication of your login details is handled by that third party and we only collect the information you expressly agree to share with us at the time you give permission to link the Frontline app with the third party account. We only gather the information you and our customers give us access to, and we only use it for the purposes for which you and our customers have provided it to us. Please see the
Frontline App Terms
for specific details about your relationship with us.
SendGrid Services
The SendGrid services also collect additional data in the form of web beacons placed in the body of emails delivered using the SendGrid platform. This allows us to keep track of whether or not an email has been delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it bounced or was treated as spam. You can learn more about web beacons in the section titled “
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
” above.
Voice Intelligence
Voice Intelligence incorporates artificial intelligence and machine learning to transcribe and analyze voice calls into a structured format that allows our customers to drive their business processes. To translate voice calls into structured content, Twilio processes certain data as a controller, including personal data contained in voice calls disclosed to us by our customer through their use of the service.
Sub-policy 3
https://help.github.com/en/articles/github-privacy-statement:
Skip to main content
Home
Site policy
GitHub Terms
GitHub Terms of Service
GitHub Corporate Terms of Service
GitHub Terms for Additional Products and Features
GitHub Community Guidelines
GitHub Community Code of Conduct
GitHub Pre-release License Terms
GitHub Sponsors Additional Terms
GitHub Registered Developer Agreement
GitHub Marketplace Terms of Service
GitHub Marketplace Developer Agreement
GitHub Research Program Terms
GitHub Open Source Applications Terms and Conditions
GitHub Event Terms
GitHub Event Code of Conduct
GitHub Educational Use Agreement
GitHub Copilot Extension Developer Policy
Acceptable Use Policies
GitHub Acceptable Use Policies
Active Malware or Exploits
Bullying and Harassment
Disrupting the Experience of Other Users
Doxxing and Invasion of Privacy
Hate Speech and Discrimination
Impersonation
Misinformation and Disinformation
Sexually Obscene Content
Threats of Violence and Gratuitously Violent Content
GitHub Appeal and Reinstatement
Privacy Policies
GitHub General Privacy Statement
GitHub Subprocessors
GitHub Cookies
GitHub Codespaces Privacy Statement
GitHub Candidate Privacy Policy
Other Site Policies
GitHub and Trade Controls
GitHub Deceased User Policy
GitHub Logo Policy
GitHub Government Takedown Policy
GitHub Username Policy
Guidelines for Legal Requests of User Data
GitHub Account Recovery Policy
Content Removal Policies
Submitting content removal requests
DMCA Takedown Policy
GitHub Private Information Removal Policy
GitHub Trademark Policy
Guide to Submitting a DMCA Counter Notice
Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice
Security Policies
Coordinated Disclosure of Security Vulnerabilities
GitHub Bug Bounty Program Legal Safe Harbor
GitHub SIRT description RFC 2350
GitHub Company Policies
GitHub Statement Against Modern Slavery and Child Labor
GitHub Anti-Bribery Statement
GitHub GPL Cooperation Commitment
GitHub Gifts and Entertainment Policy
Site policy
/
Privacy Policies
/
GitHub General Privacy Statement
GitHub General Privacy Statement
In this article
GitHub Privacy Statement
Personal Data We Collect
Processing Purposes: How We Use Your Personal Data
Sharing of Personal Data
Private repositories: GitHub Access
Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data (Applicable to EEA and UK End Users)
Your Privacy Rights
International data transfers
Data Privacy Framework (DPF)
Security and Retention
Security
Contact Us
Information for Minors
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
Translations
Our use of cookies and tracking technologies
US State Specific Information
GitHub Privacy Statement
Effective date: February 1, 2024
Welcome to the GitHub Privacy Statement. This is where we describe how we handle your “Personal Data”, which is information that is directly linked or can be linked to you. It applies to the Personal Data that GitHub, Inc. or GitHub B.V., processes as the “Data Controller” when you interact with websites, applications, and services that display this Statement (collectively, “Services”). This Statement does not apply to services or products that do not display this Statement, such as Previews, where relevant.
End User Notice: Organization-Provided GitHub Accounts
When a school or employer supplies your GitHub account, they assume the role of Data Controller for most Personal Data used in our Services. This enables them to:
Manage and administer your GitHub account, including adjusting privacy settings.
Access and utilize your Personal Data, which includes details on how you use the Services, as well as your content and files.
Should you access a GitHub Service through an account provided by an organization, such as your employer or school, the organization becomes the Data Controller, and this Privacy Statement's direct applicability to you changes. Even so, GitHub remains dedicated to preserving your privacy rights. In such circumstances, GitHub functions as a Data Processor, adhering to the Data Controller's instructions regarding your Personal Data's processing. A Data Protection Agreement governs the relationship between GitHub and the Data Controller. For further details regarding their privacy practices, please refer to the privacy statement of the organization providing your account.
In cases where your organization grants access to GitHub products, GitHub acts as the Data Controller solely for specific processing activities. These activities are clearly defined in a contractual agreement with your organization, known as a Data Protection Agreement. You can review our standard Data Protection Agreement at
GitHub Data Protection Agreement
. For those limited purposes, this Statement governs the handling of your Personal Data. For all other aspects of GitHub product usage, your organization's policies apply.
Third Party Access and Data Protection
When you use third-party extensions, integrations, or follow references and links within our Services, the privacy policies of these third parties apply to any Personal Data you provide or consent to share with them. Their privacy statements will govern how this data is processed.
Personal Data We Collect
Personal Data is collected from you directly, automatically from your device, and also from third parties. The Personal Data GitHub processes when you use the Services depends on variables like how you interact with our Services (such as through web interfaces, desktop or mobile applications), the features you use (such as pull requests, Codespaces, or GitHub Copilot) and your method of accessing the Services (your preferred IDE). Below, we detail the information we collect through each of these channels:
From You
Account Data: We collect certain information when you open an account such as your GitHub handle, name, email address, password, payment information and transaction information.
User Content and Files: When you use our Services, we collect Personal Data included as part of the information you provide such as code, inputs, text, documents, images, or feedback.
Demographic information: In some cases, you provide us with ethnicity, gender, or similar demographic details.
Feedback Data: This consists of information you submit through surveys, reviews, or interactive features.
Payment Information: For paid subscriptions, we collect details like name, billing address, and payment specifics.
Profile Information: We collect information to create a user profile, which may include a photo, additional email addresses, job title, or biography.
Sales and Marketing Data: This includes information provided for promotional communications, such as name, email address, and company name.
Support Data: When you seek customer support, we collect details like code, text, or multimedia files.
Automatically
Buttons, Tools, and Content from Other Companies: Our Services may contain links or buttons that lead to third-party services like Twitter or LinkedIn. Use of these features may result in data collection. Engaging with these buttons, tools, or content may automatically send certain browser information to these companies. Please review the privacy statements of these companies for more information.
Essential Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: We use cookies and similar technologies to provide essential functionality like storing settings and recognizing you while using our Services.
Non-essential Cookies: Depending on your jurisdiction, we may use online analytics products that use cookies to help us analyze how de-identified users use our Services and to enhance your experience when you use the Services. We may also employ third-party Cookies to gather data for interest-based advertising. In some jurisdictions, we only use non-essential cookies after obtaining your consent. See
this
section for more details and control options.
Email Marketing Interactions: Our emails may have web beacons that offer information on your device type, email client, email reception, opens, and link clicks.
Geolocation Information: Depending on the Service's functionality, we collect regional geolocation data.
Service Usage Information: We collect data about your interactions with the Services, such as IP address, device information, session details, date and time of requests, device type and ID, operating system and application version, information related to your contributions to repositories, and performance of specific features or Services.
Website Usage Data: We automatically log data about your Website interactions, including the referring site, date and time of visit, pages viewed, and links clicked.
From Third Parties
Information from Other Users of the Services: Other users may share information about you when they submit issues and comments. We may also receive information about you if you are identified as a representative or administrator on your company's account.
Publicly Available Sources: We may acquire information about you from publicly available sources like public GitHub repositories.
Services you linked to your GitHub account: When you or your administrator integrate third-party apps or services with our Services, we receive information based on your settings with those services. This can include details like your name and email from services like Google for authentication. The information we receive depends on the third-party's settings and privacy policies. Always review these to understand what data is shared with our Services.
Vendors, Partners, and Affiliates: We may receive information about you from third parties, like vendors, resellers, partners, or affiliates for the purposes outlined in this statement.
Processing Purposes: How We Use Your Personal Data
The Personal Data we process depends on your interaction and access methods with our Services, including the interfaces (web, desktop, mobile apps), features used (pull requests, Codespaces, GitHub Copilot), and your preferred access tools (like your IDE). This section details all the potential ways GitHub may process your Personal Data:
Business Operations: We use Personal Data for activities like billing, accounting, and compensation. This includes creating aggregated statistical data for internal reporting, financial reporting, revenue planning, capacity planning, and forecast modeling (including product strategy).
Communication: We use Personal Data to inform you about new Services, features, offers, promotions, and other pertinent information. This also includes sending confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative messages.
Inference: We generate new information from other data we collect to derive likely preferences or other characteristics. For instance, we infer your general geographic location based on your IP address.
Personalization: We use Personal Data to customize the Service to your preferences, to evaluate the effectiveness of enterprise business ads and promotional communications, and to ensure a seamless and consistent user experience.
Safety and Security: To promote safety, integrity, and security across our Services, we process Personal Data, using both automated and, at times, manual techniques for abuse detection, prevention, and violations of terms of service.
Service Provision: We use Personal Data to deliver and update our Services as configured and used by You, and to make ongoing personalized experiences and recommendations.
Troubleshooting: We use Personal Data to identify and resolve technical issues.
Ongoing Service Performance: Personal Data helps us keep the Services up to date and performant, and meet user productivity, reliability, efficacy, quality, privacy, accessibility and security needs.
Complying with and resolving legal obligations: including responding to Data Subject Requests for Personal Data processed by GitHub as Controller (for example website data), tax requirements, agreements and disputes.
Delivering Professional Services: We use Personal Data to deliver training, consulting or implementation (“Professional Services”). This includes providing technical support, professional planning, advice, guidance, data migration, deployment, and solution/software development services.
Improving Professional Services: Enhancing delivery, efficacy, quality, and security of Professional Services and the underlying product(s) based on issues identified while providing Professional Services, including fixing software defects, and otherwise keeping the Professional Services up to date and performant.
When carrying out these activities, GitHub practices data minimization and uses the minimum amount of Personal Information required.
Sharing of Personal Data
We may share Personal Data with the following recipients:
Abuse and Fraud Prevention Entities: We may disclose Personal Data based on a good faith belief it is needed to prevent fraud, abuse, or attacks on our Services, or to protect the safety of GitHub and our users.
Affiliates: Personal Data may be shared with GitHub affiliates, including Microsoft, to facilitate customer service, marketing and advertising, order fulfillment, billing, technical support, and legal and compliance obligations. Our affiliates may only use the Personal Data in a manner consistent with this Privacy Statement.
GitHub Organization Accounts: If an organization adds you to their GitHub account, we might share Personal Data with that organization to fulfill the commercial relationship. In such a case, your use of the Services is protected by a data protection agreement and terms between your organization and GitHub
Competent Authorities: We may disclose Personal Data to authorized law enforcement, regulators, courts, or other public authorities in response to lawful requests or to protect our rights and safety. Please refer to our
Guidelines for Legal Requests of User Data
for more information.
Corporate Transaction Entities: we might disclose Personal Data within the limits of the law and in accordance with this Privacy Statement for strategic business transactions such as sales or a merger.
Partners and Resellers: We cooperate with third-parties that offer sales, consulting, support, and technical services for our Services. We may share your data with these partners and resellers where allowed, and with your consent when required.
Subprocessors and Service Providers: We may use vendors to provide services on our behalf, including hosting, marketing, advertising, social, analytics, support ticketing, credit card processing, or security services. They are bound by contractual obligations to ensure the security, privacy, and confidentiality of your information. Please visit
https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-subprocessors
to see our list of Subprocessors.
Visual Studio Code (GitHub Codespaces): GitHub Codespaces and github.dev offer Visual Studio Code in a web browser, where some telemetry is collected by default. Details on telemetry collection are on the
VS Code website
. To opt out, go to File > Preferences > Settings in the top left menu of VS Code. Opting out will sync this preference across all future web sessions in GitHub Codespaces and github.dev.
Other Third-party Applications: Upon your instruction, we may share Personal Data with third-party applications available on our Marketplace. You are responsible for the data you instruct us to share with these applications.
Other Users and the Public: Depending on your account settings, we may share Personal Data with other users of the Services and the public. You control what information is made public. To adjust your settings, visit User Settings in your profile. Please be aware that any information you share in a collaborative context may become publicly accessible.
Private repositories: GitHub Access
If your GitHub account has private repositories, you control the access to that information. GitHub personnel does not access private repository information without your consent except as provided in this Privacy Statement and for:
security purposes
automated scanning or manual review for known vulnerabilities, active malware, or other content known to violate our Terms of Service
to assist the repository owner with a support matter
to maintain the integrity of the Services, or
to comply with our legal obligations if we have reason to believe the contents are in violation of the law.
GitHub will provide you with notice regarding private repository access unless doing so is prohibited by law or if GitHub acted in response to a security threat or other risk to security.
Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data (Applicable to EEA and UK End Users)
GitHub processes Personal Data in compliance with the GDPR, ensuring a lawful basis for each processing activity. The basis varies depending on the data type and the context, including how you access the services. Our processing activities typically fall under these lawful bases:
Contractual Necessity: Processing is required to fulfill our contractual duties to you, in accordance with the GitHub Terms of Service.
Legal Obligation: We process data when it's necessary to comply with applicable laws or to protect the rights, safety, and property of GitHub, our affiliates, users, or third parties.
Legitimate Interests: We process data for purposes that are in our legitimate interests, such as securing our Services, communicating with you, and improving our Services. This is done only when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights or your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Consent: We process data when you have explicitly consented to such processing. When we rely on consent as the legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent for data processing at any time. The procedures for withdrawal are detailed in this Statement and available on our website.
Your Privacy Rights
Depending on your residence location, you may have specific legal rights regarding your Personal Data:
The right to access the data collected about you
The right to request detailed information about the specific types of Personal Data we've collected over the past 12 months, including data disclosed for business purposes
The right to rectify or update inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data under certain circumstances
The right to erase or limit the processing of your Personal Data under specific conditions
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data, as allowed by applicable law
The right to withdraw consent, where processing is based on your consent
The right to receive your collected Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format to facilitate its transfer to another company, where technically feasible
To exercise these rights, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com and follow the instructions provided. To verify your identity for security, we may request extra information before addressing your data-related request. Please contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]github[dot]com for any feedback or concerns. Depending on your region, you have the right to complain to your local Data Protection Authority. European users can find authority contacts on the European Data Protection Board website, and UK users on the Information Commissioner’s Office website.
We aim to promptly respond to requests in compliance with legal requirements. Please note that we may retain certain data as necessary for legal obligations or for establishing, exercising, or defending legal claims.
International data transfers
GitHub stores and processes Personal Data in a variety of locations, including your local region, the United States, and other countries where GitHub, its affiliates, subsidiaries, or subprocessors have operations. We transfer Personal Data from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to countries that the European Commission has not recognized as having an adequate level of data protection. When we engage in such transfers, we generally rely on the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under
Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914
, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where GitHub processes personal data, see this article on the
European Commission website
.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF)
GitHub also complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. GitHub has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. GitHub has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
GitHub has the responsibility for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on GitHub’s behalf. GitHub shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Dispute resolution process
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, GitHub commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact GitHub at: dpo[at]github[dot]com.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of the International Centre for Dispute Resolution are provided at no cost to you.
An individual has the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. For additional information visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
Government Enforcement
GitHub is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. § 45), an organization's failure to abide by commitments to implement the DPF Principles may be challenged as deceptive by the FTC. The FTC has the power to prohibit such misrepresentations through administrative orders or by seeking court orders.
Security and Retention
GitHub uses appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security controls to protect your Personal Data. We’ll retain your Personal Data as long as your account is active and as needed to fulfill contractual obligations, comply with legal requirements, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements. The retention duration depends on the purpose of data collection and any legal obligations.
Security
GitHub uses administrative, technical, and physical security controls where appropriate to protect your Personal Data.
Contact Us
Contact us via our contact form or by emailing our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]github[dot]com.
Our addresses are:
GitHub B.V.
Prins Bernhardplein 200, Amsterdam
1097JB
The Netherlands
GitHub, Inc.
88 Colin P. Kelly Jr. St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
United States
Information for Minors
Our Services are not intended for individuals under the age of 13. We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from such individuals. If you become aware that a minor has provided us with Personal Data, please
notify us
.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
GitHub may periodically revise this Privacy Statement. If there are material changes to the statement, we will provide at least 30 days prior notice by updating our website or sending an email to your primary email address associated with your GitHub account.
Translations
Below are translations of this document into other languages. In the event of any conflict, uncertainty, or apparent inconsistency between any of those versions and the English version, this English version is the controlling version.
French
Cliquez ici pour obtenir la version française:
Déclaration de confidentialité de GitHub (PDF)
.
Other translations
For translations of this statement into other languages, please visit
https://docs.github.com/
and select a language from the drop-down menu under “English.”
Our use of cookies and tracking technologies
Cookies and tracking technologies
GitHub uses cookies to provide, secure and improve our Service or to develop new features and functionality of our Service. For example, we use them to (i) keep you logged in, (ii) remember your preferences, (iii) identify your device for security and fraud purposes, including as needed to maintain the integrity of our Service, (iv) compile statistical reports, and (v) provide information and insight for future development of GitHub. We provide more information about
cookies on GitHub
that describes the cookies we set, the needs we have for those cookies, and the expiration of such cookies.
For Enterprise Marketing Pages, we may also use non-essential cookies to (i) gather information about enterprise users’ interests and online activities to personalize their experiences, including by making the ads, content, recommendations, and marketing seen or received more relevant and (ii) serve and measure the effectiveness of targeted advertising and other marketing efforts. If you disable the non-essential cookies on the Enterprise Marketing Pages, the ads, content, and marketing you see may be less relevant.
Our emails to users may contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell us whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. We use this pixel tag to make our email communications more effective and to make sure we are not sending you unwanted email.
The length of time a cookie will stay on your browser or device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay until they expire or are deleted. The expiration time or retention period applicable to persistent cookies depends on the purpose of the cookie collection and tool used. You may be able to delete cookie data. For more information, see
GitHub General Privacy Statement
.
What are cookies and similar technologies?
We use cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons, local storage, and mobile analytics, to operate and provide our Services. When visiting Enterprise Marketing Pages, like resources.github.com, these and additional cookies, like advertising IDs, may be used for sales and marketing purposes.
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your device. A cookie can later be read when your browser connects to a web server in the same domain that placed the cookie. The text in a cookie contains a string of numbers and letters that may uniquely identify your device and can contain other information as well. This allows the web server to recognize your browser over time, each time it connects to that web server.
Web beacons are electronic images (also called “single-pixel” or “clear GIFs”) that are contained within a website or email. When your browser opens a webpage or email that contains a web beacon, it automatically connects to the web server that hosts the image (typically operated by a third party). This allows that web server to log information about your device and to set and read its own cookies. In the same way, third-party content on our websites (such as embedded videos, plug-ins, or ads) results in your browser connecting to the third-party web server that hosts that content.
Mobile identifiers for analytics can be accessed and used by apps on mobile devices in much the same way that websites access and use cookies. When visiting Enterprise Marketing pages, like resources.github.com, on a mobile device these may allow us and our third-party analytics and advertising partners to collect data for sales and marketing purposes.
We may also use so-called “flash cookies” (also known as “Local Shared Objects” or “LSOs”) to collect and store information about your use of our Services. Flash cookies are commonly used for advertisements and videos.
How do we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies?
The GitHub Services use cookies and similar technologies for a variety of purposes, including to store your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, analyze how our Services perform, track your interaction with the Services, develop inferences, combat fraud, and fulfill other legitimate purposes. Some of these cookies and technologies may be provided by third parties, including service providers and advertising partners. For example, our analytics and advertising partners may use these technologies in our Services to collect personal information (such as the pages you visit, the links you click on, and similar usage information, identifiers, and device information) related to your online activities over time and across Services for various purposes, including targeted advertising. GitHub will place non-essential cookies on pages where we market products and services to enterprise customers, for example, on resources.github.com.
We and/or our partners also share the information we collect or infer with third parties for these purposes.
The table below provides additional information about how we use different types of cookies:
Purpose
Description
Required Cookies
GitHub uses required cookies to perform essential website functions and to provide the services. For example, cookies are used to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, improve user experience, and for audience measurement. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Analytics
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better. For example, cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. We also use some analytics cookies to provide personalized advertising.
Social Media
GitHub and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on GitHub’s websites. This ensures that the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests. This also enables third parties to develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by GitHub.
Advertising
In addition, GitHub and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads based on ads you've already seen. Cookies also track which ads you click or purchases you make after clicking an ad. This is done both for payment purposes and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, cookies are used to detect when you click an ad and to show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
What are your cookie choices and controls?
You have several options to disable non-essential cookies:
Specifically on GitHub Enterprise Marketing Pages
Any GitHub page that serves non-essential cookies will have a link in the page’s footer to cookie settings. You can express your preferences at any time by clicking on that linking and updating your settings.
Some users will also be able to manage non-essential cookies via a cookie consent banner, including the options to accept, manage, and reject all non-essential cookies.
Generally for all websites
You can control the cookies you encounter on the web using a variety of widely-available tools. For example:
If your browser sends a
Do Not Track
(DNT) signal, GitHub will not set non-essential cookies and will not load third party resources which set non-essential cookies.
Many browsers provide cookie controls which may limit the types of cookies you encounter online. Check out the documentation for your browser to learn more.
If you enable a browser extension designed to block tracking, such as
Privacy Badger
, non-essential cookies set by a website or third parties may be disabled.
If you enable a browser extension designed to block unwanted content, such as
uBlock Origin
, non-essential cookies will be disabled to the extent that content that sets non-essential cookies will be blocked.
You may use the Global Privacy Control (GPC) to communicate your privacy preferences. If GitHub detects the GPC signal from your device, GitHub will not share your data (we do not sell your data). To learn more, visit
Global Privacy Control — Take Control Of Your Privacy
Advertising controls. Our advertising partners may participate in associations that provide simple ways to opt out of ad targeting, which you can access at:
United States:
NAI
and
DAA
Canada:
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Europe:
European Digital Advertising Alliance
These choices are specific to the browser you are using. If you access our Services from other devices or browsers, take these actions from those systems to ensure your choices apply to the data collected when you use those systems.
US State Specific Information
This section provides extra information specifically for residents of certain US states that have distinct data privacy laws and regulations. These laws may grant specific rights to residents of these states when the laws come into effect. This section uses the term “personal information” as an equivalent to the term “Personal Data.”
Privacy Rights
These rights are common to the US State privacy laws:
Right to Knowledge and Correction: You have the right to request details on the specific personal information we’ve collected about you and the right to correct inaccurate information. You can exercise this right by contacting us. You can also access and edit basic account information in your settings.
Right to Know Data Recipients: We share your information with service providers for legitimate business operations, such as data storage and hosting. For more details, please see “Sharing Your Information” below.
Right to request Deletion: You reserve the right to request the deletion of your data, barring a few exceptions. Such exceptions include circumstances where we are required to retain data to comply with legal obligations, detect fraudulent activity, investigate reports of abuse or other violations of our Terms of Service, or rectify security issues. Upon receiving your verified request, we will promptly delete your personal information (unless an exception applies), and instruct our service providers to do the same. We employ brief retention terms by design.
Right to a Timely Response: You are allowed to make two free requests in any 12-month period. We commit to responding to your request within 45 days. In complex cases, we may extend our response time by an additional 45 days.
Non-Discrimination: We will not hold it against you when you exercise any of your rights. On the contrary, we encourage you to review your privacy settings closely and contact us with any questions.
Notice of Collection of Personal Information
We may collect various categories of personal information about our website visitors and users of "Services" which includes GitHub applications, software, products, or services. That information includes identifiers/contact information, demographic information, payment information, commercial information, internet or electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, and inferences drawn from such information.
We collect this information for various purposes. This includes identifying accessibility gaps and offering targeted support, fostering diversity and representation, providing services, troubleshooting, conducting business operations such as billing and security, improving products and supporting research, communicating important information, ensuring personalized experiences, and promoting safety and security.
Exercising your Privacy Rights
To make an access, deletion, correction, or opt-out request, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com and follow the instructions provided. We may need to verify your identity before processing your request. If you choose to use an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf, please ensure they have your signed permission or power of attorney as required.
To opt out of the sharing of your personal information, you can click on the "Do Not Share My Personal Information" link on the footer of our Websites or use the Global Privacy Control ("GPC") if available. Authorized agents can also submit opt-out requests on your behalf.
California
Mandatory Disclosures
We also make the following disclosures for purposes of compliance with California privacy law:
We collected the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, demographic information (such as gender), payment card information associated with you, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above.
The sources of personal information from whom we collected are: directly from you, automatically or from third parties.
The business or commercial purposes of collecting personal information are as summarized above and in our Privacy Statement under Processing Purposes.
We disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, demographic information (such as gender and rough geographic location), payment information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above. We disclosed each category to third-party business partners and service providers, third-party sites or platforms such as social networking sites, and other third parties as described in the Sharing of Personal Data section of our Privacy Statement.
As defined by applicable law, we “shared” the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences drawn from the above. We shared each category to or with advertising networks, data analytics providers, and social networks.
The business or commercial purpose of sharing personal information is to assist us with marketing, advertising, and audience measurement.
We do not “sell” or “share” the personal information of known minors under 16 years of age.
Shine the Light Act
Under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customers”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Please be aware that we do not disclose personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes as defined by this law. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing (privacy[at]github[dot]com). Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated email address.
Removal of Content
California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services, or applications have a right under California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 to remove, or request and obtain removal of, content or information they have publicly posted. To remove content or information you have publicly posted, please submit a
Private Information Removal request
. Alternatively, to request that we remove such content or information, please send a detailed description of the specific content or information you wish to have removed to
GitHub support
. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances. If you have any questions about our privacy practices with respect to California residents, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com.
We value the trust you place in us and are committed to handling your personal information with care and respect. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please email our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]github[dot]com.
Colorado/Connecticut/Virginia
If you live in Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia you have some additional rights:
If we deny your rights request, you have the right to appeal that decision. We will provide you with the necessary information to submit an appeal at that time.
You have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. GitHub does not engage in such profiling as defined by Colorado law, so there’s no need to opt out.
Nevada
We do not sell your covered information, as defined under Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes. If you still have questions about your covered information or anything else in our Privacy Statement, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com.
Sub-policy 4
https://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 5
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 6
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Zurück zur Startseite
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
1. Übersicht
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Druckfähige PDF-Datei herunterladen
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
Letzte Aktualisierung 15. April 2024
Bitte kontaktieren Sie uns, wenn Sie Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder allgemeine Fragen zu Ihren personenbezogenen Daten haben. Ihre Daten werden verwendet, damit wir die Dienste bereitstellen können. Dies erfolgt im Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den maßgeblichen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
1. Übersicht
Diese Datenschutzerklärung zielt darauf ab, Ihnen ausreichende Informationen über die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu bieten, wenn Sie unsere Website besuchen und unsere Dienste nutzen (zusammenfassend die „
Dienste“)
. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutzerklärung zu lesen und sie zu nutzen, um fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen.
Die Erläuterung wichtiger Begriffe, die in der Datenschutzerklärung ansonsten nicht definiert werden, finden Sie in Abschnitt 17 (
Begriffsbestimmungen
) am Ende dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
Innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) ist
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.
Datenverantwortlicher für personenbezogene Daten, die beim Besuch unserer Website, während des Anmelde- und Antragsverfahrens sowie während Ihrer fortgesetzten Nutzung der Dienste erhoben und verarbeitet werden.
Bezugnahmen auf "wir", "unser", "uns", "
PayPal
" oder "
PayPal-Unternehmen
" in dieser Datenschutzerklärung bezeichnen PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. sowie die Gruppe der Unternehmen, die jeweils die einzelnen Unternehmen direkt oder indirekt kontrolliert, von ihnen kontrolliert wird oder sich mit ihnen in gemeinsamem Besitz befindet.
Einige der Dritten, an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, sind unabhängige Datenverantwortliche. Das bedeutet, dass wir nicht diejenigen sind, die bestimmen, wie die von uns weitergegebenen Daten verarbeitet werden. Beispiele sind Behörden, Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute. Wenn Ihre Daten an unabhängige Datenverantwortliche weitergegeben werden, gelten deren Datenrichtlinien. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, ihre Datenschutzerklärungen zu lesen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte zu kennen, bevor Sie mit ihnen interagieren.
Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten bei der Übermittlung außerhalb des EWR, Großbritanniens und der Schweiz schützen, finden Sie in Abschnitt 8 (
Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
)
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
Der Zugriff auf unsere Dienste ist auch für Personen ohne PayPal-Konto oder PayPal-Profil möglich. Auch wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, ohne Inhaber eines Kontos zu sein, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen. Dies kann beispielsweise der Fall sein bei der Nutzung der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto", von markenlosen Zahlungsdiensten (wie z.B. Braintree) oder beim Empfang von Zahlungen von Kontoinhabern über unsere Dienste. Der Begriff "Nutzer" bezieht sich daher gleichermaßen auf Personen mit und ohne Konto. Haben Sie kein Konto, erfolgt die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zur Bereitstellung der Dienste und nach Maßgabe dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den jeweiligen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
Wir erheben die folgenden Datenkategorien über Sie, um unsere Dienste bereitzustellen, Ihre Benutzererfahrung kontinuierlich zu verbessern und unser Geschäft zu betreiben und weiterzuentwickeln. Die Arten von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben, werden nachstehend erläutert.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Ihnen
erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihre Interaktionen mit uns und Ihre Nutzung der Dienste:
Anmelde- und Kontaktdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Ihren Namen, Ihre Postanschrift, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihr Einkommen, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihre Steuernummer, Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, Informationen über Ihren Beruf, Ihr Beschäftigungsverhältnis oder Ihr Geschäft sowie sonstige Informationen, die zur Einrichtung eines Kontos erforderlich sind.
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Daten, um Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihren amtlichen Ausweis, Ihr Alter und Ihre biometrischen Daten zu überprüfen sowie um Ihre elektronische Unterschrift zu erstellen und auszustellen.
Zahlungsinformationen
. Informationen, wie etwa der von Ihnen gesendete oder angeforderte Betrag, Ihr Zahlungsinstrument, Ihre in Verbindung mit den Diensten verwendete Karte oder Zahlungsquelle, einschließlich der Bezeichnung des Ausstellers, des Kartentyps, des Ländercodes, der Kontonummer des Zahlungskontos, des CVV, des Benutzernamens sowie IBAN-Informationen.
Informationen zu Ihren importierten Kontakten
. Wenn Sie sich entscheiden, Ihre Kontaktlisten zu importieren, erfassen wir Informationen, die Sie über Ihre Kontakte eingeben oder importieren, wie Name, Adresse, Telefonnummer, Bilder, E-Mail-Adresse oder Benutzernamen, die mit den importierten oder manuell eingegebenen Kontakten verknüpft sind.
Daten in Ihrem Kontoprofil.
Informationen, die Sie freiwillig eingeben, wie etwa Ihren Benutzernamen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Mobiltelefonnummer, Ihr Profilbild, Ihre bevorzugte Sprache oder die Beschreibung Ihrer Person, die sensible personenbezogene Daten enthalten kann, welche Aufschluss über religiöse Überzeugungen, politische oder philosophische Ansichten, Behinderungen, sexuelle Orientierung sowie biometrische Daten geben. Sie können Ihr Profil jederzeit als "privat" kennzeichnen.
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
. Informationen, die Sie offenlegen, wenn Sie an Umfragen teilnehmen oder unsere Kundendienstteams kontaktieren, wie z. B. von Ihnen genutzte Dienste, aufgezeichnete Gespräche, Chat-Gespräche mit uns, E-Mail-Korrespondenz mit uns, Kontostatus, Rückzahlungsverlauf, Spracherkennung. Dies kann Informationen über andere beinhalten, wenn Sie diese mit uns teilen.
Gerätedaten.
Dies sind Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erhoben werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder die Dienste genutzt wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem der Typ, die Netzwerkverbindungen, der Name, die IP-Adresse und Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts sowie Informationen zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Abgeleitete Daten.
Wenn Sie die Dienste nutzen, können wir aus Ihren Transaktionen und personenbezogenen Daten gegebenenfalls weitere Daten ableiten. Dies erfolgt unter anderem, um Ihr Konto zu schützen und Sie bei der Nutzung der Dienste vor Betrug zu bewahren. Zu den abgeleiteten Daten können beispielsweise Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben, Browsing- und Kaufgewohnheiten sowie Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit gehören.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Dritten
erhoben werden, einschließlich von Identitätsprüfern, Datenbrokern, Anbietern, die uns bei der Betrugserkennung helfen, Ihrer Bank, Händlern oder Drittanbieterplattformen, über die Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Daten aus den von Ihnen verknüpften Drittkonten
. Wenn Sie ein Finanzkonto oder ein Konto ohne Finanzbezug verknüpfen, wie z.B. Ihr persönliches E-Mail-Konto, Ihre Konten in sozialen Medien oder Ihre Bank- oder Kreditkonten, erheben wir Informationen, die mit dem angegebenen Zweck in Verbindung stehen, zu dem die Verknüpfung erfolgt ist. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise für die Teilnahme an
Open Banking
entscheiden, erheben wir von Ihren verknüpften Konten die Kontoanmeldedaten, Kontostände, Kontotransaktionen und Informationen über Ihre finanzielle Situation. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung zur Nutzung dieser Funktion jederzeit ändern und die Verknüpfung mit den betreffenden Konten aufheben.
Informationen von Auskunfteien
. Soweit gesetzlich zulässig, erfassen wir im Rahmen Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste kreditbezogene Informationen wie ausstehende und historische Schulden, Rückzahlungshistorie, frühere Kreditgenehmigungen, aktuelle Arbeitsverhältnisse und Beziehungen zu anderen Finanzinstituten.
Transaktionsdaten
. Informationen zu Ihren Bestelldetails und Einkäufen, wie z.B. Artikelbeschreibung, Menge, Preis, Währung, Lieferadresse, Online-Warenkorbinformationen, Verkäufer- und Käuferinformationen und Zahlungsinformationen. Dazu gehören Informationen aus Ihren Transaktionen, bei denen Sie unsere Dienste ohne ein PayPal-Konto nutzen (z. B. Zahlen ohne PayPal-Konto).
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
. In Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht (u.a. Gesetz zur Geldwäscheprävention) können dies Informationen aus externen Sanktionslisten wie Name, Geburtsdatum, Geburtsort, Beruf und der Grund, warum die betreffende Person auf der betreffenden Liste steht, umfassen.
Anwendungen von Drittanbietern
. Informationen von anderen aus Ihrer Nutzung von Anwendungen von Drittanbietern, wie dem Apple App Store oder Google Play Store, sozialen Netzwerken, wie Name, Ihre soziale Netzwerk-ID, Standortinformationen, E-Mail, Geräte-ID, Browser-ID und Profilbild. Ihre Nutzung von Anwendungen Dritter unterliegt der Datenschutzerklärung und den Nutzungsbedingungen für solche Anwendungen.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die durch Cookies und ähnliche Tracking-Technologien sowie von Ihren Geräten automatisch über Sie erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihren Zugriff auf unsere Website oder PayPal-App:
Technische Nutzungsdaten
. Informationen über die Antwortzeit für Webseiten, Download-Fehler und Datum und Uhrzeit Ihrer Nutzung des Dienstes, wie z. B. Ihre IP-Adresse, Statistiken darüber, wie Seiten geladen oder angezeigt werden, die Websites, die Sie besucht haben, bevor Sie auf die Websites gelangten, und andere Nutzungs- und Browsing-Informationen, die durch Cookies erhoben werden ("
Technische Nutzungsdaten
").
Informationen von Ihrem Gerät
. Informationen über Ihre Spracheinstellungen, IP-Adresse, Browser-ID, Geräte-ID, Cookie-Einstellungen, Zeitzone, Betriebssystem, Plattform, Bildschirmauflösung und ähnliche Informationen über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen sowie Daten, die von Cookies oder anderen Tracking-Technologien erfasst werden,
Standortinformationen
. Informationen aus IP-basierter Geolokalisierung wie Breiten- und Längengraddaten und Global Positioning System (GPS)-Informationen, wenn Sie uns über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen die Erlaubnis erteilen.
Abgeleitete Daten
. Rückschlüsse, die gezogen werden, um ein Profil über Sie zu erstellen, das Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben wie Geschlecht, Einkommen, Surf- und Kaufgewohnheiten und Kreditwürdigkeit widerspiegeln kann.
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
Die
Verarbeitung
Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten kann aus einer Vielzahl von Gründen erfolgen, die nach dem maßgeblichen Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union (EU), Großbritanniens und der Schweiz und unter Beachtung der nachstehenden Rechtsgrundlagen zulässig sind:
Wir erheben die folgenden personenbezogenen Daten, die wir für
erforderlich halten, um unsere vorvertraglichen und vertraglichen Verpflichtungen
Ihnen gegenüber zu erfüllen, und ohne die Sie die Dienste nicht nutzen können.
Zu diesen erforderlichen Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten gehören:
Informationen zu Ihrer Registrierung und Kontaktinformationen
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
Zahlungsinformationen
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
Transaktionsdaten
Tracking von Paketen
Dienstspezifische personenbezogene Daten
Informationen von Auskunfteien und Finanzinstituten
Informationen aus Ihren verbundenen Finanzkonten
Daten aus Ihrer Nutzung der Dienste
Technische Nutzungsdaten
Gerätedaten
Standortdaten
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört
:
die Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden vertraglichen Verpflichtungen und die sonstige Betreuung unserer Geschäftsbeziehung zu Ihnen;
Ihre Zahlung für Produkte und die Kundenbeziehung zu verwalten.
Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Bewerbung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität und Ihre Kontaktdaten zu bestätigen und Sie und andere vor Betrug zu schützen.
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch durch Verwendung von elektronischen Signaturen, und die Verifizierung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
nachzuweisen, dass Transaktionen ausgeführt wurden.
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
die Einhaltung interner Verfahren.
zu beurteilen, welche Zahlungsmöglichkeiten und Dienstleistungen wir Ihnen anbieten, beispielsweise durch die Durchführung interner und externer Bonitätsprüfungen.
Kundenanalyse, Verwaltung unserer Dienste und interne Vorgänge, z.B. Fehlerbehebung, Datenanalyse, Tests, Forschung und statistische Zwecke.
mit Ihnen in Bezug auf unsere Dienste zu kommunizieren.
geltende Gesetze der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten einzuhalten, wie z.B. Gesetze zur Geldwäscheprävention und Buchungsaufbewahrung sowie Vorschriften, die von unseren benannten Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken herausgegeben werden.
Wir haben ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, sicherzustellen, dass PayPal ein sicherer Finanzdienstleister bleibt und weiterhin Dienstleistungen anbietet, die innovativ und von Interesse für Sie sind. Wir tun dies,
sofern unsere berechtigten Interessen nicht durch Ihr Recht auf Nichtverarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu diesem Zweck überwiegen
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
sicherzustellen, dass Inhalte auf die für Sie und Ihr Gerät effektivste Weise dargestellt werden.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
die Ermittlung Ihrer Berechtigung zur Inanspruchnahme von Diensten, die für Sie von Interesse sein könnten, z.B. durch Vornahme interner Bonitätsprüfungen, und die damit verbundene Kommunikation mit Ihnen;
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
die Weiterentwicklung unserer Dienste sowie allgemeine Geschäftsentwicklungszwecke, wie z.B. die Optimierung von Risikomodellen zur Betrugsreduzierung, die Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen und die Erschließung neuer Geschäftsmöglichkeiten;
die fortlaufende Aktualisierung Ihrer Konto- und Finanzdaten;
Marketing-, Produkt- und Kundenanalysen, einschließlich Tests, dazu gehören beispielsweise die Verbesserung unserer Produktpalette und die Optimierung unseres Kundenangebots.
Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts, wie z.B. der Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie der aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und der von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Wir führen auch Sanktionsprüfungen durch, melden Steuerbehörden, Polizeivollzugsbehörden, Vollstreckungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden, wenn wir nicht durch EU-Recht und das Recht der Mitgliedstaaten dazu verpflichtet sind, aber wir nach Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen, dass die Weitergabe der Informationen erforderlich ist, um die geltenden Vorschriften einzuhalten.
die Ermöglichung Ihrer Teilnahme an Wettbewerben, Angeboten und Veranstaltungen;
Durchführung von Verpflichtungen zum Risikomanagement wie Kreditleistung und Qualität, Versicherungsrisiken und Erfüllung der Eigenkapitalanforderungen nach geltendem Recht.
die Verarbeitung von Daten über Ihre Kontakte, um Ihnen das Auffinden dieser Kontakte zu erleichtern und sich mit ihnen in Verbindung zu setzen, sowie die Verbesserung der Zahlungssicherheit;
indem Sie uns Daten über Ihre Kontakte übermitteln, erklären Sie, dass Sie befugt sind, diese Daten für die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Zwecke an PayPal weiterzugeben;
Ihnen Informationen, Nachrichten und Werbung über unsere Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen, einschließlich wo wir uns mit anderen zusammengetan haben, um ähnliche Dienstleistungen anzubieten.
Informationen über Sie zu assoziieren, um Ihre Nutzung der Dienste ohne PayPal-Konto zu identifizieren (z. B. Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto) oder Markenlose Dienste (z.B. Braintree) und um solche Transaktionen mit Ihrem Konto zu verknüpfen, wenn Sie ein Konto haben oder später ein Konto einrichten.
die Speicherung Ihrer Präferenzen für die nächste Nutzung der Dienste, z.B. Ihre bevorzugte Zahlungsmethode oder ob Sie beim Bezahlen digitale Quittungen per E-Mail oder SMS erhalten möchten;
Wir sind nach dem EU- und dem Mitgliedstaaten-Recht gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet, bestimmte Verarbeitungstätigkeiten durchzuführen.
Wir tun dies, wenn dies erforderlich ist, um geltende Gesetze einzuhalten
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste und Produkte;
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch zu Unterschriftszwecken, und die Überprüfung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
geltendes Recht einzuhalten, wie z.B. die Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie die aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und die von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Ebenso führen wir Sanktionsprüfungen durch und machen Meldungen an Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden.
Wir stützen uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf Ihre ausdrückliche und freiwillige Einwilligung,
damit Sie in den Genuss bestimmter Funktionen kommen können, die zwar für die Nutzung der Dienste nicht notwendig, für Sie jedoch möglicherweise von Interesse sind, wie z.B. die Synchronisierung Ihrer Kontaktliste mit Ihrem Konto, die Bereitstellung von biometrischen Daten, gezielte Werbung, die Verknüpfung Ihres E-Mail-Kontos für das Tracking von Paketen oder die Verbindung mit einer Plattform Dritter. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung über die Nutzung dieser Funktionen jederzeit in Ihren Kontoeinstellungen ändern. Bitte beachten Sie, dass der Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung die Rechtmäßigkeit einer von uns vor dem Widerruf durchgeführten Verarbeitung nicht berührt. Weitere Informationen über Ihr Recht auf Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung finden Sie in Abschnitt 10 (“
Ihre Datenschutzrechte
”).
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte weiter, wenn eine Rechtsgrundlage dafür besteht.
Dies umfasst:
Andere PayPal-Unternehmen
, um Ihnen die Dienste bereitzustellen, sowie in unserem berechtigten Interesse an der Ausübung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit. Diese Interessen werden in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
näher erläutert. Das PayPal-Unternehmen, das Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhält, verarbeitet diese in Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Behörden
, soweit wir rechtlich dazu verpflichtet sind. Dazu zählen Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden in den jeweils maßgeblichen Ländern. Wir können auch verpflichtet sein, zuständigen Behörden, wie beispielsweise den Finanzbehörden, Informationen über Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Dies kann Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse und Informationen zu Kartentransaktionen umfassen, die wir in Ihrem Auftrag über unsere Dienste abwickeln. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Einhaltung von Offenlegungspflichten, die sich aus dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten ergeben, ist die bestehende rechtliche Verpflichtung. Soweit die Offenlegung nicht auf dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten beruht, ist die Rechtsgrundlage unser berechtigtes Interesse und die Einhaltung geltender Vorschriften zur Verhinderung widerrechtlichen Verhaltens.
Andere Finanzinstitute und Kartennetzwerke
, um die Zahlungsabwicklung zu erleichtern, gemeinsam ein Produkt anzubieten oder Karten Ihrer E-Börse hinzuzufügen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Offenlegung ist die Erfüllung des zwischen Ihnen und uns bestehenden Vertrags. Die betreffenden Parteien können auch für andere berechtigte Zwecke auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zugreifen, wie etwa Identitätsprüfung, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Betrugsbekämpfungs- und Identitätsprüfungsbehörden
, zum Beispiel, um uns bei der Erkennung von Aktivitäten zu unterstützen, die auf Betrug hindeuten. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Inkassobüros
, beispielsweise um unbezahlte überfällige Forderungen durch Dritte wie ein Inkassobüro einzuziehen. Wir tun dies auf der Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses, Geschäfte zu tätigen und Schulden einzutreiben. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Datenschutzerklärung dieser Parteien für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten gilt, die Sie ihnen direkt mitteilen, und dass sie Ihre unbezahlten Schulden Kreditauskunfteien melden können, was Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit oder Ihre Fähigkeit zur Sicherung zukünftiger Kredite beeinträchtigen kann.
Dienstanbieter
, die in unserem Auftrag und nach unseren Weisungen Dienstleistungen erbringen, die wir an sie ausgelagert haben, wie z.B. Marketing, IT-Entwicklung, Wartung, Hosting und Support sowie Kundenserviceleistungen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten.
Andere Nutzer, soweit dies ausweislich Ihrer Kontoeinstellungen zulässig ist
. Über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen können Sie anderen Nutzern bestimmte Informationen wie Ihr Profilfoto, Ihren Vor- und Nachnamen, Ihren Benutzernamen oder Ihren Wohnort anzeigen oder zugänglich machen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist Ihre Einwilligung. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie Ihre Profileinstellungen jederzeit und kostenfrei ändern können.
Finanzinstitute in Verbindung mit Ihrer Teilnahme an Open Banking
, z.B. wenn Sie eine Kontoverbindung mit einer anderen Bank, einem Kartenkonto oder einem Aggregator einleiten. Wir prüfen daher, ob Sie über genügend Geld verfügen, oder bestätigen, dass Sie der Inhaber des Kontos sind. Wenn Sie Ihr Konto verknüpfen, ist die Rechtsgrundlage für den Zugriff auf Ihre Kontodaten die Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Verpflichtungen gegenüber Ihnen.
Partner und Händler, deren Dienstanbieter und sonstige Transaktionsbeteiligte
. Wenn Sie beispielsweise die Dienste nutzen, um Online-Einkäufe zu tätigen, Zahlungen an andere Nutzer vorzunehmen oder Waren zurückzugeben, können wir Informationen über Sie und Ihr Konto an die anderen Parteien weitergeben, die an der Abwicklung Ihrer Transaktionen beteiligt sind. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten sowie unser berechtigtes Interesse. Bitte beachten Sie, dass für personenbezogene Daten, die an Partner und Händler (oder deren Dienstanbieter) weitergegeben werden, welche an einer Transaktion beteiligt sind, die eigenen Datenschutzerklärungen und Verfahren der Partner und Händler gelten.
Externe, unabhängige Datenverantwortliche
, wenn wir beispielsweise personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute weitergeben oder an Sicherheitsprodukte, um zu verhindern, dass Bots auf unsere Dienste zugreifen können.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie direkt an diese Parteien weitergeben, deren Datenschutzerklärungen gelten
. So verwenden wir beispielsweise reCAPTCHA von Google, um Missbrauch unserer Dienste zu verhindern, wenn Sie auf unsere PayPal-App zugreifen. Die
Datenschutzerklärung
und die
Nutzungsbedingungen
von Google gelten für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie an Google weitergeben. Weitere Informationen zu Kreditauskunfteien, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit zu bewerten, finden Sie in Abschnitt 12 (
Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
).
Käufer oder sonstige Weitergabe in Verbindung mit einer Geschäftsübertragung
. Wenn wir beispielsweise ein Geschäft oder Vermögenswerte veräußern, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an einen Käufer dieses Geschäfts oder dieser Vermögenswerte weitergeben. Ebenso können personenbezogene Daten weitergegeben werden, wenn PayPal oder ein wesentlicher Teil des PayPal-Vermögens von einer dritten Partei erworben wird. PayPal hat ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, derartige Transaktionen durchführen zu können.
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange, wie es im Rahmen des Zwecks, für den sie erhoben wurden, und in Übereinstimmung mit dem geltenden Recht benötigt oder zulässig ist.
Die Kriterien für die Bestimmung der Aufbewahrungsfrist lauten:
Personenbezogene Daten, die für die laufende Beziehung zwischen Ihnen und PayPal genutzt werden, werden für die Dauer der Beziehung zuzüglich eines Zeitraums von zehn Jahren gespeichert
Personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf eine rechtliche Verpflichtung, der wir unterliegen, werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht aufbewahrt, wie z.B. gemäß geltendem Insolvenzrecht und AML-Verpflichtungen.
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange wie nötig, wenn die Aufbewahrung angesichts von Rechtsstreitigkeiten, Ermittlungen, Audit- und Compliance-Praktiken oder zum Schutz vor Rechtsansprüchen ratsam ist.
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
Da wir in zahlreichen Ländern tätig sind, kann es vorkommen, dass wir (oder unsere Dienstanbieter) Ihre Daten außerhalb des Landes, in dem Sie leben, übermitteln und verarbeiten. Um Ihre Daten in den Vereinigten Staaten und anderen Ländern zu verarbeiten und zu speichern, setzen wir externe Dienstanbieter ein. In den betreffenden Ländern ist nicht immer ein gleichwertiger Datenschutz gegeben. Wir haben daher konkrete Maßnahmen in Übereinstimmung mit dem Datenschutzrecht der EU und Großbritanniens getroffen, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen. Bei der Übermittlung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zwischen PayPal-Unternehmen stützen wir uns auf von den zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörden genehmigte bindende Unternehmensregeln (abrufbar
hier
). Andere Übermittlungen erfolgen auf der Grundlage von Standardvertragsklauseln, die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigt wurden, damit gewährleistet ist, dass Ihre Daten einen hohen Schutzstandard genießen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte gewahrt bleiben.
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
Wenn Sie mit unseren Diensten interagieren, E-Mails öffnen, die wir Ihnen senden, oder eine Website eines Drittanbieters besuchen, für die wir Dienste bereitstellen, verwenden wir und unsere Partner Cookies und andere Tracking-Technologien wie Pixel-Tags, Web-Beacons und Widgets (zusammen „
Cookies
“), um Sie als Benutzer zu erkennen, Ihre Online-Erfahrungen und Online-Inhalte anzupassen, einschließlich um Ihnen interessenbezogene Werbung bereitzustellen, Analysen durchzuführen, Risiken zu mindern und potenziellen Betrug zu verhindern und Vertrauen und Sicherheit auf unseren Websites und Diensten zu fördern. Bestimmte Aspekte und Funktionen unserer Dienste und Websites sind nur durch die Verwendung von Cookies verfügbar. Wenn Sie also bestimmte Cookies ablehnen, kann Ihre Nutzung der Websites und Dienste eingeschränkt oder nicht möglich sein.
Wir verwenden Cookies, um Ihre Geräteinformationen, Informationen zu Internetaktivitäten und Rückschlüsse wie oben beschrieben zu sammeln.
Cookies helfen uns, Folgendes zu tun:
Ihre Daten zu speichern, damit Sie sie nicht erneut eingeben müssen
Zu verfolgen und verstehen, wie Sie unsere Online-Dienste und E-Mails nutzen und mit ihnen interagieren
Unsere Online-Dienste an Ihre Einstellungen anzupassen
Zu messen, wie nützlich und effektiv unsere Dienste und Kommunikation für Sie sind
Unsere Produkte und Dienste zu verwalten und zu verbessern
Do Not Track (DNT) ist eine optionale Browser-Einstellung, mit der Sie Ihre Präferenzen bezüglich der Nachverfolgung Ihrer Handlungen im Internet durch Werbetreibende und andere Dritte festlegen können. Derzeit sind unsere Websites nicht darauf ausgelegt, auf DNT-Signale oder ähnliche Mechanismen von Browsern zu reagieren.
Näheres zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies erfahren Sie in unserer
Erklärung zu Cookies und Tracking-Technologien
.
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
Nach geltendem Datenschutzrecht haben Sie bestimmte Rechte, unsere Erfassung und Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu kontrollieren. Zu Ihren Rechten gehören:
Zugriff, Berichtigung, Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung Ihrer Informationen
Wir erkennen an, wie wichtig es ist, dass Sie die Kontrolle über die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten haben. Daher bieten wir Ihnen verschiedene Möglichkeiten, Ihre Rechte auf Zugriff, Auskunft, Berichtigung (durch Korrektur oder Aktualisierung), Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung der Verarbeitung ganz oder teilweise auszuüben.
Wenn Sie ein Konto haben, können Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben, indem Sie in den Kontoeinstellungen der PayPal-App auf "Daten und Datenschutz" zugreifen. Auch ohne Konto (z.B. wenn Sie die Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" nutzen) können Sie in Bezug auf Daten zu Transaktionen, die mit der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" durchgeführt wurden, Auskunft, Änderung, Berichtigung oder Löschung verlangen. Ersuchen zu den Daten einer anderen Person können Sie einreichen, indem Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung setzen, sofern Sie ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt sind. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir von Ihnen gegebenenfalls zusätzliche Verifizierungsinformationen anfordern.
Ihr Recht, den automatisierten Entscheidungen und der Profilerstellung zu widersprechen
Falls Sie im Rahmen der unten beschriebenen automatisierten Entscheidungen nicht zugelassen sind, haben Sie keinen Zugang zu unseren Dienstleistungen, wie beispielsweise unseren Zahlungsmethoden. PayPal verfügt über verschiedene Sicherheitsmechanismen, um die Angemessenheit der Entscheidungen zu gewährleisten. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Überprüfungen unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und fallweise Stichproben. Wenn Sie bezüglich des Ergebnisses Bedenken haben, können Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir werden dann überprüfen, ob das Verfahren korrekt durchgeführt wurde.
Sie haben das Recht, einer automatisierten Entscheidung zu widersprechen, wenn deren Rechtsfolgen oder Ergebnisse geeignet sind, (zusammen mit dem entsprechenden Profiling) in sonstiger Weise erhebliche Auswirkungen auf Sie zu haben, indem Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir prüfen die Entscheidung sodann unter Berücksichtigung der zusätzlichen Umstände.
Zustimmung
Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Ihrer Zustimmung verwenden, haben Sie im Allgemeinen das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung aufgrund der Zustimmung vor ihrem Widerruf zu beeinträchtigen.
Die Rechtmäßigkeit einer Verarbeitung, die vor Ihrem Widerruf stattgefunden hat, wird durch den Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung nicht berührt. Das gleiche gilt für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage eines anderen Rechtsgrundes als Ihrer Einwilligung.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen Direktmarketing
Sofern wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für Direktmarketingzwecke verwenden, können Sie jederzeit Ihre Berechtigungseinstellungen ändern, widersprechen und sich über den Abmeldelink in elektronischen Mitteilungen bzw. über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen von zukünftigen Direktmarketingnachrichten abmelden.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen die Verarbeitung berechtigter Interessen
Verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfolgung berechtigter Interessen von uns oder einem Dritten, haben Sie das Recht, der Verwendung für diesen Zweck zu widersprechen. Näheres dazu finden Sie in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
Wie nehmen Sie Ihre Rechte wahr, und wie können Sie uns oder die Datenschutzbehörde kontaktieren?
Wenn Sie aus irgendeinem Grund mit unserer Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten unzufrieden sind, haben Sie das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz in Ihrem Land einzureichen.
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie online oder per Post unter PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie glauben, dass Ihre Rechte verletzt wurden, können Sie auch bei
den örtlichen Gerichten
Rechtsmittel einlegen.
Sie können auch bei der für uns zuständigen
führenden Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz
, der Nationalen Kommission für Datenschutz des Großherzogtums Luxemburg (CNPD), eine Beschwerde einreichen. Die betreffende Postanschrift lautet: Commission nationale pour la protection des données, Service des plaints, 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, Luxemburg.
Der Vertreter im Vereinigten Königreich kann per Post für alle Anfragen zum Datenschutz in Großbritannien bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP kontaktiert werden.
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
"
Automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung
" ist der Prozess der vollautomatischen Entscheidungsfindung ohne menschliche Beteiligung. In einigen Fällen könnten diese Entscheidungen
rechtliche oder ähnlich erhebliche Auswirkungen
auf Sie als natürliche Person haben. "
Profiling
" bezeichnet Analysen der Persönlichkeit, des Verhaltens, des Interesses und der Gewohnheiten einer Person, um Vorhersagen oder Entscheidungen über sie zu treffen. Soweit dies nach dem Recht der EU oder der Mitgliedstaaten zulässig oder für den Abschluss oder die Erfüllung eines Vertrags erforderlich ist, können wir in einigen Fällen automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling für Entscheidungen verwenden. Ein Beispiel für unseren Einsatz automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung ist die Bewertung Ihrer Kreditwürdigkeit, um Ihre Eignung für bestimmte Kreditprodukte zu beurteilen.
Wir glauben, dass PayPal durch das automatische Treffen solcher Entscheidungen seine Objektivität und Transparenz bei der Entscheidung, welche Dienste Ihnen angeboten werden, erhöht. Wir setzen mehrere Sicherheitsmechanismen ein, um sicherzustellen, dass die Entscheidungen angemessen sind. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Übersichten unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und Stichproben im Einzelfall. Sie können stattdessen jederzeit eine manuelle Entscheidungsfindung verlangen, Ihre Meinung äußern oder eine Entscheidungsfindung anfechten, die ausschließlich auf einer automatisierten Verarbeitung, einschließlich Profiling, beruht, wenn eine solche Entscheidung
rechtliche Wirkung entfaltet oder Sie in ähnlicher Weise erheblich beeinträchtigt
. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie Sie diesen Entscheidungen widersprechen können, finden Sie in Abschnitt 10
("Ihre Datenschutzrechte")
.
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr über die Nutzung von automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling erfahren möchten.
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
Haben Sie einen Kredit beantragt oder nutzen Sie unsere Kreditdienste, können wir zur Bearbeitung Ihres Antrags Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben, die uns Informationen über Sie geben, wie z.B. Ihre Finanzhistorie. Dies geschieht, um Kreditwürdigkeit und Produkteignung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität zu überprüfen, offene Forderungen zu ermitteln und einzuziehen sowie kriminelle Handlungen zu verhindern.
Die Rechtsgrundlagen für diese Übermittlungen finden sich in Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe b (vertraglich) und Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe f (berechtigtes Interesse) der EU-Datenschutzgrundverordnung ("EU-DSGVO").
Wir werden auch weiterhin laufend Informationen über Sie mit Kreditauskunfteien austauschen, einschließlich über Ihre beglichenen Konten und alle Schulden, die nicht rechtzeitig vollständig zurückgezahlt wurden. Diese Informationen können von CRAs an andere Organisationen weitergegeben werden, um ähnliche Überprüfungen durchzuführen und Ihren Aufenthaltsort zu ermitteln und Schulden einzutreiben.
Ihre Daten werden auch mit den Daten aller gemeinsamen Bewerber oder anderer Finanzpartner verknüpft.
So erfahren Sie mehr
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr darüber erfahren möchten, welche Kreditauskunfteien wir für eine bestimmte Suche eingesetzt haben.
Hier
finden Sie die Liste der in Großbritannien und dem EWR genutzten Kreditauskunfteien, einschließlich der Identitäten der in den jeweiligen Ländern genutzten Kreditauskunfteien und eines Links zu deren Datenschutzerklärung, aus der Sie entnehmen können, wie diese personenbezogene Daten verwenden und weitergeben, einschließlich der Dauer der Speicherung dieser personenbezogenen Daten. Sie können sich an die Kreditauskunfteien, die im Land Ihres Wohnsitzes tätig sind, direkt wenden, wenn Sie Fragen zu deren Dienstleistungen, Ihrem Kreditscore oder zu den über Sie gespeicherten Daten haben. Das gleiche gilt, wenn Sie gegenüber den Kreditauskunfteien Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person ausüben möchten.
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
Wir führen technische, physische und administrative Sicherheitsmaßnahmen durch, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten angemessen vor Verlust, Missbrauch, unbefugtem Zugriff, Weitergabe und Änderung zu schützen. Zu diesen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen gehören Firewalls, Datenverschlüsselung, physische Zugangsbeschränkungen für unsere Rechenzentren und Berechtigungskontrollen für den Zugriff auf Daten. Wir sorgen für die Sicherung unserer Systeme und Dienste. Für die Sicherheit und die Geheimhaltung Ihres Passworts bzw. Ihrer Passwörter und Ihres Kontoprofils bzw. Ihrer Anmeldedaten sind Sie jedoch selbst verantwortlich. Darüber hinaus liegt es in Ihrer Verantwortung zu prüfen, dass die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie besitzen, richtig und auf dem aktuellen Stand sind. Wir haften nicht für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten, die wir auf Grundlage einer von Ihnen autorisierten Kontoverknüpfung an Dritte weitergeben.
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
Wir erfassen wissentlich keine Informationen, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, von Kindern unter 16 Jahren oder anderen Personen, die rechtlich nicht in der Lage sind, unsere Websites und Dienste zu nutzen. Wenn wir tatsächliche Kenntnis davon erhalten, dass wir personenbezogene Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der unsere Dienste nicht nutzen darf, werden wir diese unverzüglich löschen, es sei denn, wir sind gesetzlich verpflichtet, diese Daten aufzubewahren.
Bitte
kontaktieren Sie uns
, wenn Sie glauben, dass wir irrtümlich oder unbeabsichtigt Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der zur Nutzung unserer Dienste nicht berechtigt ist.
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung wird von Zeit zu Zeit überarbeitet, um Änderungen an unserer Geschäftstätigkeit, unseren Diensten oder den geltenden Gesetzen Rechnung zu tragen. Wenn nach geltendem Recht auf die überarbeitete Fassung hinzuweisen ist, informieren wir Sie 30 Tage im Voraus durch Bekanntgabe der Änderung auf der Seite
AGB-Aktualisierungen
oder der Seite
Datenschutzerklärung
. Andernfalls wird die überarbeitete Datenschutzerklärung ab dem angegebenen Startdatum wirksam.
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
In der Regel verlangt das luxemburgische Recht, dem PayPal (in Bezug auf Datenschutz und Bankgeheimnis) unterliegt, einen höheren Grad an Transparenz als die meisten anderen Rechtsordnungen in der EU. Im Gegensatz zu den meisten Anbietern von Internet- oder Finanzdienstleistungen in der EU listen wir daher in dieser Datenschutzerklärung die Drittanbieter und Geschäftspartner, die Dienstleistungen für uns erbringen und denen gegenüber wir Ihre Daten offenlegen, sowie den Zweck der Offenlegung und die Art der offengelegten Daten auf. Einen Link zu diesen Drittanbietern finden Sie
hier
. Dadurch, dass Sie diese Datenschutzerklärung annehmen und ein Konto bei PayPal haben, willigen Sie ausdrücklich in die Übermittlung Ihrer Daten an diese Drittanbieter für die aufgeführten Zwecke ein.
PayPal kann die oben genannte Drittanbieterliste am ersten Werktag eines jeden Quartals (d.h. im Januar, April, Juli und Oktober) aktualisieren. PayPal beginnt erst 30 Tage nach dem Datum der Veröffentlichung der Liste innerhalb der Datenschutzerklärung mit der Übermittlung von Daten an eines der in der jeweiligen Aktualisierung neu aufgeführten Unternehmen oder für die dort neu aufgeführten Zwecke oder Datentypen. Sie sollten sich in jedem Quartal zu den oben genannten Terminen auf der PayPal-Website erneut mit der Liste vertraut machen. Wenn Sie der neuen Form der Datenübertragung nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Veröffentlichung der aktualisierten Drittanbieterliste widersprechen, gelten die Änderungen der Liste und dieser Datenschutzerklärung als von Ihnen angenommen. Sind Sie mit den Änderungen nicht einverstanden, steht es Ihnen frei, Ihr Konto zu schließen und unsere Dienste nicht mehr zu nutzen.
Um die PayPal-Dienste bereitstellen zu können, müssen wir möglicherweise bestimmte Daten, die wir (wie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegt) erhoben haben, an andere mit PayPal verbundene Unternehmen oder sonstige Stellen übermitteln, einschließlich solcher, die gemäß diesem Abschnitt eine Funktion als Zahlungsdienstleister, Zahlungsanbieter oder Kontoinhaber (oder ähnliche Funktionen) erfüllen. Sie erkennen an, dass diese Stellen in ihren jeweiligen Rechtsordnungen Gesetzen, Vorschriften, Untersuchungen, Ermittlungen oder Anordnungen unterworfen sein können, durch die sie zur Weitergabe von Daten an die zuständigen Behörden des betreffenden Landes verpflichtet sind. Durch die Nutzung der PayPal-Dienste willigen Sie in die Übermittlung solcher Daten durch uns zum Zweck der Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie ein.
Insbesondere stimmen Sie allen folgenden Datenverarbeitungsmaßnahmen zu und weisen PayPal an, diese vorzunehmen:
a. Offenlegung notwendiger Informationen gegenüber der Polizei und anderen Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Sicherheitskräften, zuständigen staatlichen, zwischenstaatlichen oder überstaatlichen Stellen, zuständigen Behörden, Abteilungen, Aufsichtsbehörden, Selbstregulierungsbehörden oder -organisationen (einschließlich der
hier
im Abschnitt "Behörden" der Drittanbieterliste genannten Stellen) und anderen Dritten, einschließlich Unternehmen der PayPal-Gruppe, (i) deren Weisungen wir gesetzlich verpflichtet und befugt sind, einzuhalten, unter anderem aufgrund der luxemburgischen Gesetze vom 24. Juli 2015 über das US-amerikanische Gesetz zur Einhaltung der Steuervorschriften für Auslandskonten ("FATCA-Gesetz") und vom 18. Dezember 2015 über die einvernehmlich festgelegten Standards für die Berichterstattung der OECD ("CRS-Gesetz"), (ii) bei denen wir Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass die Kooperation mit ihnen bei der Untersuchung von Betrugsfällen oder sonstigen tatsächlichen oder mutmaßlichen widerrechtlichen Aktivitäten geboten ist, oder (iii) zur Ermittlung von Verstößen gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen (dies gilt auch für Ihre Zahlungsquelle oder Ihren Kredit- oder Debitkartenanbieter).
Wenn Sie in den Geltungsbereich des FATCA- oder des CRS-Gesetzes fallen, sind wir dazu verpflichtet, Sie über die Weitergabe von Daten an die jeweiligen Behörden zu unterrichten. Informieren Sie sich über die Verpflichtungen von PayPal nach dem FATCA- und dem CRS-Gesetz sowie darüber, welche Auswirkungen diese Verpflichtungen für Sie haben können und welche Informationen wir gegebenenfalls im Zuge dieser Verpflichtungen weitergeben.
Wir und weitere Organisationen, einschließlich von Unternehmen, die Zahlungen über PayPal akzeptieren, können notwendige Daten (darunter auch Daten, die von Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen aufgezeichnet wurden, und Daten aus anderen Ländern) zum Zwecke der Bewertung und Verwaltung von Risiken (wie z.B. zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung) weitergeben, nutzen und auf sie zugreifen. Bitte wenden Sie sich an uns, wenn Sie weitere Informationen über die jeweiligen Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen wünschen. Klicken Sie
hier
, um weitere Informationen zu diesen Behörden, den Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen und sonstigen Dritten zu erhalten.
b. Offenlegung von Kontoinformationen gegenüber Inhabern von geistigem Eigentum, wenn diese nach dem maßgeblichen nationalen Recht eines EU-Mitgliedstaates einen außergerichtlichen Auskunftsanspruch gegen PayPal aufgrund einer Verletzung ihrer geistigen Eigentumsrechte haben, bei der PayPal-Dienste genutzt wurden (zum Beispiel § 19, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Markengesetzes oder § 101, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Urheberrechtsgesetzes).
c. Obligatorische Offenlegung aufgrund von Kreditkartenbestimmungen oder in straf- oder zivilrechtlichen Verfahren.
d. Offenlegung Ihres Namens und PayPal-Links im PayPal-Benutzerverzeichnis. Ihre Daten werden anderen PayPal-Kunden angezeigt, wenn diese eine Suche anhand Ihres Namens, Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer oder eines Teils dieser Angaben durchführen. Dadurch soll sichergestellt werden, dass Zahlungen an den richtigen Empfänger erfolgen. Diese Funktion kann in den PayPal-Profileinstellungen deaktiviert werden.
e. Nutzen Sie als Händler einen Dritten für den Zugriff auf PayPal oder die Integration von PayPal, können wir notwendige Informationen an diesen Dritten zur Umsetzung und Verwaltung der betreffenden Vereinbarungen weitergeben (darunter den Status Ihrer PayPal-Integration, ob Sie ein aktives PayPal-Konto haben und ob Sie bereits mit einem anderen PayPal-Integrationspartner arbeiten).
f. Offenlegung notwendiger Daten gegenüber Zahlungsanbietern, Wirtschaftsprüfern, Kundenservice-Anbietern, Kreditauskunfteien und Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen, Anbietern von Finanzprodukten, Handelspartnern, Marketing- und PR-Unternehmen, Anbietern von operativen Dienstleistungen, Konzerngesellschaften, Agenturen, Marktplätzen und sonstigen Dritten, die
hier
aufgeführt sind. Zweck der Offenlegung ist die Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie. In der Drittanbieterliste haben wir außerdem unter jeder Kategorie nicht abschließende Beispiele von Drittanbietern (einschließlich deren Abtretungsempfängern und Rechtsnachfolgern) aufgeführt, gegenüber denen eine Offenlegung Ihrer Kontoinformationen derzeit tatsächlich stattfindet oder in Betracht gezogen werden kann. Neben dem Zweck der Offenlegung haben wir auch die offengelegten Informationen angegeben (soweit nicht anders angegeben, ist es diesen Drittanbietern gesetzlich bzw. vertraglich untersagt, die Informationen für einen anderen als den vorgesehenen Zweck zu nutzen).
g. Offenlegung erforderlicher Daten gegenüber Ihren Vertretern bzw. Verfahrensbevollmächtigten (z.B. dem Inhaber einer von Ihnen erteilten Vollmacht oder einem für Sie bestellten Vormund).
h. Offenlegung von zusammengefassten Statistikdaten an unsere Geschäftspartner oder PR-Partner. Wir können beispielsweise offenlegen, dass ein bestimmter Prozentsatz unserer Kunden in einer bestimmten Stadt lebt. Diese zusammengefassten Daten enthalten keine personenbezogenen Daten.
i. Weitergabe notwendiger Kontoinformationen an nicht mit uns verbundene (
hier
aufgeführte) Drittanbieter zu folgenden Zwecken:
Betrugsprävention und Risikosteuerung: Prävention von Betrug sowie Bewertung und Steuerung von Risiken.
Kundenservice: zu Zwecken des Kundenservice, einschließlich der Betreuung Ihrer Konten oder zur Klärung von Konflikten (z.B. in Bezug auf Rechnungen oder Transaktionen).
Versand: im Zusammenhang mit dem Versand und darauf bezogenen Dienstleistungen bei Käufen, die mit PayPal getätigt wurden.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften: zur Unterstützung der Verifizierungsanforderungen bei der Bekämpfung von Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung.
Dienstleister: um die mit uns vertraglich verbundenen Dienstleister in die Lage zu versetzen, uns bei geschäftlichen Vorgängen wie z.B. Betrugsprävention, Inkassomaßnahmen, Marketing, Kundenservice und Technologiedienstleistungen zu unterstützen. Diese Dienstleister werden von uns vertraglich verpflichtet, Ihre Daten nur für die Dienstleistungen zu verwenden, die sie für uns erbringen, nicht jedoch zu ihrem eigenen Nutzen.
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
Gerätedaten bezieht sich auf Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erfasst werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder Dienste verwendet wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem Ihr Gerätetyp, die Netzwerkverbindungen Ihres Geräts, Name und IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts und zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Geolokalisierungsinformationen sind Informationen, die Ihren Standort mit präziser Genauigkeit identifizieren, indem sie beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwenden, die Sie über Ihr GPS oder Ihre Geräteeinstellungen erhalten.
Standortinformationen sind Informationen, die mit angemessener Genauigkeit Ihren ungefähren Standort identifizieren, indem beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwendet werden, die durch GPS oder Wi-Fi oder Triangulation von Mobilfunkstandorten erhalten werden.
Partner bezeichnet den Händler oder das Unternehmen, mit dem unsere Benutzer Geschäfte tätigen, um Waren oder Dienstleistungen zu erhalten.
Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto hat dieselbe Bedeutung wie in den
Nutzungsbedingungen für Zahlungen ohne PayPal-Konto
.
PayPal-Unternehmen bedeuten Unternehmen, die Sich im Besitz von PayPal befinden und personenbezogene Daten gemäß ihren Nutzungsbedingungen und Datenschutzrichtlinien verarbeiten. PayPal Unternehmen sind Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., Happy Returns, LLC, HyperWallet und Braintree.
Personenbezogene Daten bezeichnet Informationen, die einer identifizierten oder direkt oder indirekt identifizierbaren natürlichen Person zugeordnet werden können. Zu "personenbezogenen Daten" zählen beispielsweise Name, Postanschrift (einschließlich Rechnungs- und Lieferadresse), Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse, Zahlungskartennummer, sonstige Kontoinformationen, Kontonummer, Geburtsdatum, Daten aus amtlichen Ausweisen (z.B. Führerscheinnummer, Personalausweisnummer, Reisepassnummer) und biometrische Daten.
Verarbeitung bezeichnet jede Methode oder Art und Weise, wie wir mit personenbezogenen Daten oder Sätzen personenbezogener Daten umgehen, sei es durch automatisierte Mittel, wie z.B. durch Erhebung, Aufzeichnung, Kategorisierung, Strukturierung, Speicherung, Anpassung oder Änderung, Abruf und Konsultation, Verwendung, Offenlegung durch Übertragung, Verbreitung oder anderweitige Bereitstellung, Abgleich oder Kombination, Einschränkung, Löschung oder Vernichtung von personenbezogenen Daten.
Dienste bezeichnet alle Zahlungsdienste mit oder ohne die Markenbezeichnung "PayPal", die Funktion "Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto", Kreditprodukte und -dienste, Inhalte, Merkmale, Technologien oder Funktionen sowie alle zugehörigen Websites, Anwendungen und Dienste, die Ihnen von PayPal angeboten werden. Zur Nutzung der Dienste zählt auch die Nutzung unserer Website.
Seiten bezieht sich auf die Websites, mobilen Apps, offiziellen Social-Media-Plattformen oder andere Online-Tools, über die PayPal die Dienste anbietet und die diese Datenschutzerklärung veröffentlicht haben oder mit ihr verlinkt sind.
Markenlose Zahlungsdienste bedeutet, dass Sie mit Händlern interagieren und Zahlungen an diese leisten, indem Sie unsere Kartenzahlungsdienste verwenden, die nicht die Marke PayPal tragen.
Nutzer ist jede Person, die die Dienste als Verbraucher für den persönlichen oder Haushaltsgebrauch nutzt. Für die Zwecke dieser Mitteilung enthält "Benutzer" "Sie" und "Ihr".
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie
online
oder offline unter PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie
Einwohner des Vereinigten Königreichs
sind, wenden Sie sich an unseren Vertreter bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres PayPal-Kontos oder des PayPal-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres Xoom-Kontos oder des Xoom-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.