Hello,
The protection of your personal data and the transparency of its processing are a priority and constant objective for us.
In this document we explain how and for what purpose we will treat your data when you interact with us and use our services.
Please read our policy carefully to make sure you fully understand it. If you have any questions, you can contact us at
privacy@playjoy.com
privacy [at] playjoy [dot] com
, where we will be happy to assist you.
If you do not agree with our policies and terms of use, you should not use our services.
Introduction
This document has been prepared in compliance with current regulations. We inform you about our general policies of personal data protection, as well as our particular policies that affect the users of our services (both web and app), and this in relation to the personal data that we can treat or collect from them when you use them.
The Privacy Policy is an integral part of the general conditions for access and use of this service and shall apply to the processing of personal data of users of our platform, including both the data provided directly by them, as well as those that may be collected automatically or provided by third parties during the provision of any service and / or in the development of any relationship with us. Additional terms and conditions may also apply to your interaction with us, depending on the services you request or use.
The access and use and maintenance of our platform involves the processing of personal information of its users in accordance with the purposes informed in this policy.
The navigation or use of our websites and applications implies your agreement with their terms and conditions and our Privacy Policy. The provision of any required information implies acceptance of its treatment in a manner consistent with the purpose for which it was provided and your compliance with these conditions and policies. Similarly, the acceptance of our conditions and policies through any of the options enabled, both on our websites and in our applications, implies full and unreserved acceptance of all its terms and conditions.
Who is responsible for the processing of your data?
Playjoy Games S.L.
(hereinafter
Playjoy
) is responsible for the processing of your personal data while browsing and using our platform, games, applications and services (hereinafter
platform
or
service
). Playjoy owns the domain
playjoy.com
, among others, as well as the web platform that integrates the various games made available to its users through it.
VAT number:
ESB40655979
Address:
Serpis 68, mezzanine floor, 46022, Valencia (Spain)
What data do we process?
The data we may collect about your interactions, use and experiences with the platform depends on the context of the interactions, tools and features you use and, where applicable, the choices you make. We initially process your first and last name, player alias, photo, device identifier, IP address and email address for your registration.
The data processed may be collected:
Directly from you when you provide them to us, for example, when when you create an account, fill out a form or use certain services;
Automatically through your access and use of our platform, and the tools and utilities available to them, such as player alias;
From third parties, for example, platforms or social networks to manage your registration, such as Google, Apple or Facebook.
The information we collect and may process may include identifying information (such as name and email address), platform payment information, technical information (such as device identifier and model) and access device location (IP address), usage information and activities when using the functionalities of our platform, as well as other information that can be inferred about a user inherently or in association therewith or that identifies or can be reasonably associated with a user.
When we request personal information from a user, the user may refuse to provide it, although it is a requirement for using our services. Similarly, where we need to collect personal information by law, if it is not provided, we will not be able to provide you with the access, use or content that requires it. If the provision of personal data is optional and a user chooses not to provide it, the functions related to such data are likely to be unavailable.
We do not process data related to the bank account and credit card of our users, unless otherwise stated in the particular conditions of any product, service or application.
What do we process your data for?
The data will be processed, in general and as a main purpose, to enable the use of the games and applications you request. The data will be processed, depending on the purpose for which they are collected, in order to manage your progress in the games, your player account, your social interactions, your requests for information, comments, assistance, maintain contact and manage our legal obligations associated with all of the above.
The processing of your data through the use of our platform will be strictly necessary to allow its use, supply, operation, maintenance, improvement, management and functionalities in the terms indicated above in relation to the same, as well as to fulfill the commitments made, comply with the legal obligations that affect us and meet our legitimate interests. The data may be used to solve problems, improve and develop our games, services and applications, customize them, make recommendations, provide technical support and communicate to the user any relevant content or promotion related to them.
The data will also be processed to serve and manage our legitimate interests in a manner consistent with your rights and preferences, which may require processing your data to communicate with you, respond to your queries and suggestions, provide you with updates and information, learn more about our users, their interests and preferences, enhance and personalize their experience, store their preferences, authenticate our users, analyze our performance, develop our work capacity, develop, deliver and improve our products, services and applications, conduct studies, innovate and research, communicate offers and promotions, manage and customize ads, report bugs and functional defects, security purposes as well as internal purposes, such as auditing and data analysis.
What is the legal basis for your treatment?
The legal basis for the processing of your data is to provide you with the information, games, services, tools and applications you request, fulfill the commitments and obligations undertaken with you, manage and maintain the established relationship, contact and use of our games.
We may also process your data for specific purposes based on the particular consent you have given us as well as, where necessary, to comply with legal obligations affecting us and, where appropriate, to meet our legitimate interests, if doing so is consistent with your rights and appropriate to the context, for example, to provide satisfactory services and experiences to our users, continuously improve them, monitor their performance and functionality, report and correct errors, perform internal analysis of our activity and business, prevent misuse, security or our own commercial interest. We only process personal data where we have a legal basis to do so.
The legal basis for sending you any electronic communication of informative and commercial content is your own request, as well as our legitimate interests.
We consider that we have your consent to the processing of your data for the purposes indicated in this policy from the moment you provide them to us, either by telephone, electronic or postal mail, or fill out and send any application, registration or contact form that is made available to you or you have games, services or applications that inherently involve the processing of your data. When you access our platform through social networks or connect to them through them, you are authorizing us to treat your information in accordance with this policy.
How long will we treat your data?
The data will be processed and retained for the time necessary to fulfill the purposes for which they were collected unless you revoke your consent, request their deletion, limitation of their processing or portability or you object to their processing, except for those that it is necessary to keep for longer periods legally provided, in order to meet any obligation or liability, legal or contractual, that may arise from the relationship maintained and / or treatment. In the event that your data is used for more than one purpose for which the terms are different, we will store your data for the longest retention period. We periodically review the personal information we retain to determine whether it is appropriate to continue to retain it.
Minors
The contents, services, tools and utilities of our websites, as well as, in general, our products, services and applications are directed and oriented to users
over 18 years of age
, who must have the capacity according to the legislation of their country of residence to authorize the processing of their data and to use the applications, games and services they intend to use.
The application for any product, service or payment application must be made by persons with legal capacity to do so based on their country of residence.
We do not knowingly process data from children under the age of 18. If we become aware that personal data of a user under this age have been provided or collected in or through our services or applications, we will take appropriate measures to remove them as soon as possible, reserving the right to suspend or terminate the services and use of the applications you may be using. We are not responsible for the acts carried out by persons without the necessary legal capacity or altering or hiding their conditions that disable them to carry out such acts. The parents or guardian of a minor who is a user of any of our services or applications, can contact us through the address
privacy@playjoy.com
privacy [at] playjoy [dot] com
for the interruption of the services and applications they use and the deletion of their data.
To whom can we communicate your data?
Playjoy is a social platform. When you enter to play and chat you will share your experience with random people. This means that your user alias and, in case you have one, the image you have associated to your profile will be visible to the rest of the participants.
We recommend that when using the chat or any other form of communication between players, you do it with absolute respect and common sense, and do not provide personal data through these tools.
Other personal data that we may collect will be treated confidentially and will only be shared with third parties when the operation of the platform requires it or when requested by you. The data will not be disclosed except in the cases provided by law.
Playjoy does not sell the personal data of its users.
The data of our users may be processed within the legal framework by third parties to enable the provision of information, content, products, services and/or applications that you request and to enable our administrative, operational, computer, commercial, economic and fiscal management, including our technology service providers related to our service that involve the processing of data in the context of its provision, such as hosting or database management. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the data, they are only authorized to process the data on our behalf within the framework of their services and for this sole purpose, and we require them to take reasonable and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We also inform you that telephone/electronic communications services inevitably involve automated technical operations and procedures for interconnection, transit and storage, as well as communications, transfers and interconnections with third parties, especially with platforms, networks and operators that involve the processing of sender and receiver data.
The web platform may incorporate links to information, content, services, platforms and applications operated by third parties subject to their own privacy policies, which are unrelated to those of Playjoy, which we do not manage or control and that you should consult before requesting them. We recommend reading the privacy policies of such third party websites before browsing them and provide them with your data. Playjoy is not responsible for the acts or actions of such third parties in relation to the use of your personal data or for any other concept.
What confidentiality measures do we apply?
We are committed to fulfilling our obligation of confidentiality and secrecy of the personal data we process and we adopt the security measures, both administrative, technical and physical, required by privacy legislation in order to reasonably ensure their protection and prevent their alteration, loss, unauthorized access or processing, taking into account at all times the state of technology. However, we cannot fully guarantee the absolute invulnerability of our security systems or third parties, since no security measure currently installed is absolutely unbreakable, so we are not responsible for incidents that may arise around personal data when they arise from an attack or unauthorized access by third parties to our systems in such a way that it is impossible to detect it by the security systems in place without prejudice, where appropriate, the communication of the incident suffered to the competent authorities and affected users.
Playjoy Games is specifically subject to the European legal framework for data protection and, in particular, to
GDPR Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation)
, as well as other applicable national and international regulations.
What rights do you have over your data?
You can exercise control over your data and revoke at any time you wish any particular consent you have given us for processing under the terms established by law, which could lead to the impossibility of using our services. The revocation of consent will not affect the processing carried out until that time. You may also exercise the rights legally recognized by current legislation with respect to your personal data, among others, access, rectification and, where appropriate, deletion, portability, limitation of processing or opposition, through your request Playjoy, through the email address
privacy@playjoy.com
privacy [at] playjoy [dot] com
or by mail addressed to our address above. All this without prejudice to your rights to make any claim in defense of their rights and interests before the Spanish Data Protection Agency and other competent authorities. A user will never be discriminated against for exercising any of his rights recognized by current legislation.
The request to exercise any right will be handled immediately and must be resolved within a maximum period of one calendar month from the time you provide us with the necessary information to do so, whether it is a decision granting or rejecting the request.
Users residing in California have certain specific privacy rights that have been addressed in our policies, particularly under the
California Consumer Privacy Act
(“CCPA”) and the
Shine the Light
law.
Some international legal systems also recognize their right to establish guidelines for the retention, deletion and transmission of a user's personal data after his or her death, so we will also attend to the exercise of any rights that may be exercised in this regard.
User commitments
As users of our platform you must keep the data provided properly updated, responding for its truthfulness, accuracy, validity and authenticity. Playjoy is exonerated from any liability arising from the lack of truthfulness and timeliness of the information provided by you, or the legitimacy or legality of the same, as well as any damage or injury you may suffer as a result. We reserve the right to delete or destroy the information provided by you that could be in our files without prior notice, especially if we detect the lack of truthfulness, legality, legality, accuracy or timeliness of the same.
Commercial and promotional communications
Playjoy may process the personal data provided to send electronic communications of an informative, commercial or promotional nature, which may include services, promotions, offers, events or news relevant to them. When any such communication is made, it is addressed solely and exclusively to our regular users, customers and partners within the framework of the established relationship or to those users who have requested such information, unless you express your refusal to receive them. However, if you wish to stop receiving any commercial or promotional communication from us, you can request to unsubscribe by clicking on the link provided for this purpose in the body of such communications or by sending an email to the address
privacy@playjoy.com
privacy [at] playjoy [dot] com
.
Cookies
Cookies
are small data files sent to and stored on your computer or device that allow sites and services to store and retrieve information about your browsing and usage habits. We use cookies and similar technologies to store your preferences and settings, facilitate login, provide information and content based on your interests, analyze the operations and performance of our products, services and applications, and manage other legitimate purposes. You can change your browser settings or take other steps to block, manage or delete cookies.
International data transfers
Playjoy operates and supports its platform from Europe (Spain) and worldwide, without prejudice to the fact that it may use platforms and suppliers located in other countries, subject to the provisions of the data protection regulations in force at any time.
User data may be stored or processed on our servers in Europe, notwithstanding the fact that they may be stored or processed in other countries where our suppliers related to our services and applications have their presence, operate or maintain their facilities. Suppliers that may participate in our services and applications located outside the EU and the European Economic Area (EEA) must have an adequate level of protection, under the conditions and guarantees required by law and contract. Initially, we do not carry out international transfers of data processed on our servers in Europe and, in the event that they may be carried out in the future or processed outside the European Economic Area (EEA), they will be carried out in accordance with the European legal framework in force and through transfer mechanisms authorized by the same. The data transfers that may be carried out will be those necessary to operate and provide the applications, products and services described for the purposes indicated.
By using our services you acknowledge and agree that your data may be processed by us outside your country of residence and in accordance with the European data protection framework. If your country of residence grants you any other rights that may not be covered by this policy, please inform us as soon as possible.
Inquiries, requests and complaints
If you have any questions, requests or complaints, you can contact us and our privacy officer by mail or e-mail at the following addresses:
Playjoy Games, S.L.
Serpis Street 68, mezzanine floor
46022 Valencia (Spain)
privacy@playjoy.com
privacy [at] playjoy [dot] com
Update
This privacy policy may be updated periodically or modified in the future, especially to adapt it to the legislation in force at any time, corporate codes or codes of conduct to which we adhere, instructions and resolutions of the administrative and judicial national and international authorities on privacy or changes in our policies and practices, so we recommend users of our websites, products, services and applications, periodic consultation of the same, in order to know the changes that may occur, without prejudice to the notices that we may publish in this regard.
Important:
In case of differences or contradictions between the versions of this policy published and/or translated into other languages, the version published in Spanish shall prevail.