At Dinosaur Polo Club your privacy is very important to us and we respect the privacy rights of every customer that interacts with our studio or with our game, Mini Motorways on Apple Arcade. To show how seriously we take this responsibility, we have created the Privacy Policy below to help guide you on how we collect, store, and use any information you may provide us with. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and feel free to let us know if you have any questions.
1. Application
This Privacy Policy describes how Dinosaur Polo Club Limited, a registered New Zealand company (NZBN 9429042150510), collects, uses and discloses information along with what choices you have with respect to that information. This Privacy Policy applies whenever you access Dinosaur Polo Club’s game Mini Motorways on Apple Arcade, or interact with our studio or customer support team via email or our website –
https://dinopoloclub.com
– henceforth collectively referred to as our Services. By using any of our Services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access or use our Services.
2. What information do we collect and how/why do we use it?
Personally-identifiable information is information that identifies you and that may be used to contact you online or offline. Where possible we minimize any personal information collected when you use our Services and do not collect any through or about the usage of our game, Mini Motorways on Apple Arcade.
The information we do collect is used for the below purposes:
To provide, update, maintain and protect our Services;
to respond to your comments and questions and communicate with you;
for account management and other administrative matters;
to prevent and investigate fraud and other misuses;
and to protect our rights or our property.
While we do not collect personal information through our game Mini Motorways, here is a description of how non-identifiable information is collected:
In Game on Apple Arcade:
When you play Mini Motorways, gameplay data such as preferences, scores for each map, and save files for in-progress games, is stored in your iCloud account storage to sync your game progress across devices. If you are signed in to Game Center on your Apple device, Apple will receive your gameplay activity, including scores and achievements.  We do not receive or store this data on our servers.
To further protect this information, we use a one-way hash of your device name to uniquely associate save data with your device and, if you are logged in to identify you as a player, a unique ID from Game Center. These are both stored within the filenames of your save data on your local device and the filenames are also used to identify your save data within iCloud. It is important to note that we do not send this information to any external servers outside of Apple or keep a record of it anywhere outside of your local device and iCloud. You can delete all of the data we store in your iCloud account through the Manage Storage option in your device’s Settings app. You can delete all game data stored on your device by deleting the game from your device.
This information is only stored on your local device, and in your iCloud account if you have iCloud enabled. By encoding this information with a one-way hash, someone cannot extract this information unless they already have it.
When contacting us directly for support, here are the ways in which we collect personal information:
Customer Support:
We may collect personal information that you provide when submitting a support request, including information such as your contact information, device type, operating system, and preferred language (called ‘Device Specifications’). This information will be provided by you directly via email or our other support channels, and will be used for the purposes of resolving the support request.
Customer support can be accessed from our website Support page found here:
https://dinopoloclub.com/support/
3. Do we disclose any of your information to third parties?
At Dinosaur Polo Club we do not share or sell any of your personal or non-personal information with third parties unless compelled to do so by law.
4. How do we protect and store your information?
We take the storage of your information seriously and therefore have implemented technical and administrative security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. We regularly review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Any information that is collected through the use of our game Mini Motorways on Apple Arcade is permanently deleted after no more than 180 calendar days have lapsed since an Apple Arcade subscriber last launched Mini Motorways.
5. How do you decline or withdraw your permission for data?
You can delete all game data stored in your iCloud account through the Manage Storage option in your device’s Settings app. You can delete all game data stored on your device by deleting the game from your device.
For any information collected and stored by Dinosaur Polo Club as part of our support process, you can contact our support team at
support@dinopoloclub.com
to request that information be deleted.
6. What is our policy regarding children?
We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to information we may collect from children using our Services.
We do not collect any personal information from children that access our game Mini Motorways on Apple Arcade. Any non-identifiable gameplay information we collect (detailed in section 2) qualifies as “legitimate interest” under GDPR, and is “to support internal operations of the game” under COPPA. Remote storage of any data can be prevented by removing a child account’s access to iCloud through Apple’s Parental Controls.
If a child under the age of 13 contacts us directly for customer support, we take additional steps to protect their privacy, including:
Requesting their legal guardians consent for the collection of personal information from the child for the purposes of the customer support request.
Limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to resolve the support request.
If you wish to review or change the information we have about your children, you can email us at
support@dinopoloclub.com
.
7. How can you contact us?
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please feel free to contact us by sending an email to
support@dinopoloclub.com
. Alternatively you can reach us at the below postal address.
Dinosaur Polo Club
Attention: Support
P.O. Box 9315,
Marion Square,
Wellington 6141,
New Zealand
Our legal name is Dinosaur Polo Club Limited. We are a registered New Zealand company (company number 5876395, NZBN 9429042150510). Our physical address is:
Dinosaur Polo Club,
Level 5,
148-150 Cuba Street,
Te Aro,
Wellington 6141
New Zealand
8. What are your data subject rights?
As per the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) set forth in May 2018 any customer interacting with our Services has the “right to be forgotten.” At any point in time you can request access, correct or delete any personal data that has been collected and stored.
If you have contacted Dinosaur Polo Club directly for support purposes or accessed any of our Services then you may contact us regarding your information by emailing our support team at
support@dinopoloclub.com
.
You can delete all game data stored in your iCloud account through the Manage Storage option in your device’s Settings app. You can delete all game data stored on your device by deleting the game from your device.