English
Register
Sign In
Privacy Policy
updated on:
20/05/2021
Short Form Privacy Policy Notice
Alderon Games Pty Ltd of 53 Victoria Street, Bakery Hill, Victoria, Australia is the data controller for the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998.
By proceeding to use our services you agree that we may process the personal data (including sensitive personal data) that we collect from you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. In particular, we may use information we hold about you for the purposes of personalising your visit to our site, providing you with information about updates and services (where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes) and notifying you of changes to our services and site.
We are committed to providing you with information, updates, and services which you require and as a valued customer we would like to keep you informed about new product launches, developments, new services, newsletters, blogs and special promotions we think you will find interesting. We will not share your data with other companies or third parties.
Your Privacy
Alderon Games Pty Ltd ("Alderon Games / We") is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to provide you with product information and a more personalised user experience. This privacy statement does not affect your rights under Data Protection legislation.
This privacy policy tells you:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected;
With whom information may be shared;
Our security procedures to protect against loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control;
Your rights in connection with your personal data; and
How you can correct any errors in the information we hold on you.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the "Act"), the data controller is Alderon Games PTY LTD of 53 Victoria Street, Bakery Hill, Victoria, Australia.
The Information We Collect
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our sites
https://playbreakingpoint.com
https://alderongames.com
https://pathoftitans.com
(any of these and/or all will be referred to throughout this document as "our site"). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by Alderon Games, and when you report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and fulfillment of your purchases.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to: traffic data, location data, blogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise, and the resources that you access.
How We Use The Information
We use the information we collect in the following ways:
To personalise your visit to our site.
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, updates, or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service and about important functionality changes to our site.
When you enter an online contest or promotional feature, to administer the contest or promotion and notify winners. Each promotion will be subject to its own terms and conditions but this privacy policy will cover each promotion.
We are committed to providing you with information, updates, and services which you require and as a valued customer we would like to keep you informed about new product launches, developments, new updates, newsletters, blogs, and special promotions we think you will find interesting. We will not share your data with other companies or third parties. In the event that we wish to make any such communications electronically (e.g. via email), we may also seek your consent by asking you to tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data.
From time to time, this site may include links to other websites. We may not be operating the linked sites and we do not endorse the content, views or products of the linked sites. We do not accept any responsibility for use of the linked sites. You are advised to use linked sites with caution and with due regard to any terms of use on those sites. If you transfer to other sites by using a link from our site to theirs we may receive aggregate or otherwise anonymous statistical information about your trip to these sites. We treat this information with the same care as we treat other information that you entrust to us but we are not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such website and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or content. Please check the privacy policy of each website you visit before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Your Rights
You may request copies of the personal data we hold about you. Any access request may be subject to a fee of $10.00 USD to meet our costs in responding to the request. Please send such requests to help@support.alderongames.com. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about data privacy and/or this privacy policy, or if you believe that any personal data we hold about you is inaccurate, please send an email to help@support.alderongames.com.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will inform you prior to collecting your data if we intend to use it for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your personal data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at help@support.alderongames.com.
Who Holds The Data We Collect?
We may send your personal data and store it internationally (occasionally including countries outside the European Economic Area ("EEA")). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. Some countries outside the EEA may not offer the same level of protection of your information. Generally, however, we will not store or send your data to anyone outside the EEA unless we have taken steps to ensure that the data will be protected in the same or equally secure way to that provided in England and Wales by the Act. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
We Protect Your Information
We are committed to the security of our customers' information and personal data. We take precautions to protect all of the customer personal data we have collected as you would expect of a prudent and responsible organisation.
However, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Except in the case of fraud, death or personal injury resulting from our negligence, we do not, to the extent permitted at law, accept responsibility for or any liability resulting from any security breaches which may occur.
We Use Cookies
We use cookies on all our sites. Cookies are a form of data that may include browsing activity and information the user may have previously entered. For example, which buttons a user has clicked and which pages they have viewed.
We May Disclose Your Information To Outside Parties
At present Alderon Games PTY LTD does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to third parties, we may choose to do so in the future with trustworthy third parties. If you would rather we did not share your information please tell us not to by contacting help@support.alderongames.com. If you use more than one email address to visit us, send this message from each email account you use.
Also, Alderon Games PTY LTD may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, browser type, operating system, internet, domain, demographic and profile data, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will not include personally identifying information.
As customer satisfaction is important to us, we may ask a third party research company to contact you for the sole purpose of gathering general information and specific information relating to Alderon Games PTY LTD and its products and services.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Alderon Games PTY LTD or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Alderon Games PTY LTD, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Children
Alderon Games PTY LTD is especially interested in protecting the safety and privacy of young people using our services. We do not intend to collect information about children and recommend that children under the age of 18 seek their parents' consent before giving out personal information or using our services. Orders should not be placed through our site unless the person placing the order is over the age of 18.
We recommend that parents participate on their child's behalf in on-line browsing and purchasing experiences and supervise exploration of the Internet. Parents should be aware that our site may contain information or promote products which are not suitable for children under the age of 18.
Your Obligations
You shall comply with the Act (including any subordinate legislation made under it) and any related legislation in relation to any personal information provided to us or held by or on behalf of you as a result of or in connection with or necessary for the use of our site.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.