Using the Pasture Pro app requires that you disclose some information about yourself to us. The collection, use, and disclosure of such information is regulated by law. Ag Innovations and its affiliates maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with state and federal regulations to guard your personal information. Employee access to certain personal information is limited to those with a business reason for knowing such information. Employees are also trained on the importance of the confidentiality of personal information, and Ag Innovations takes appropriate measures to enforce employee privacy responsibilities.
How do I unsubscribe from Pasture Pro emails?
New users that download the app will receive a series of six emails over the coming weeks that highlight different functions and tools that are available to you through the Pasture Pro application. We do not sell your email address to anyone, and after the initial email campaign, we will only email you if some important new function or feature becomes available or if we need to inform you about something significant happening within the agriculture industry. You can unsubscribe from these emails by typing your email address below and clicking the Unsubscribe button.
Email Address to Remove:
Unsubscribe
Δ
What kind of information do we
collect about you and from whom?
Ag Innovations obtains most of our information directly from the entry forms you complete within the Pasture Pro application. The Pasture Pro app will ask permission to collect your location, personal information such as phone number and email address, property information, and livestock inventory numbers. This data will be used to provide tools and applications for a landowner to efficiently manage their farm, ranch, & recreational operations. Pasture Pro uses your location to show you tasks, property boundaries, markers, livestock inventory, and other details relative to your position on the map. The app does not maintain a history of your location and this information will never be sold or given to any third party. Ag Innovations may also obtain information about you from our affiliates and may sometimes contact you by phone or mail to notify you about services provided to the affiliate service in which you subscribe.
What do we do with the
information collected about you?
Information that has been
collected about you will be retained in our secure database. The information is
analyzed to help us understand your interests, needs, and operational processes
so that we can display material and information that is most applicable and
relevant to your agricultural operation.
To whom do we disclose
information about you?
We do not disclose any non-public
personal information about our customers or former customers, except as
permitted by law. We are permitted to make disclosures to the following types
of third parties without your consent: parties who perform a business or
professional functions for our company, attorneys, auditors, law enforcement or
other governmental authorities to protect our legal interests or in cases of
suspected fraud or illegal activities; certificate holders or policyholders for
the purposes of providing information regarding the status of an insurance
transaction.
How can you find out about
information we have about you?
You have the right to know what kind of information we keep in our files about you, to have reasonable access to it and to receive a copy. Contact us if you have questions about what information we may have on file. Tell us what information you would like to receive and provide your complete name, address, and telephone number.
Within thirty business days of receipt of your request, we will inform you as to what, if any, information we have about you in our files. After you have reviewed the information, you may contact us if you believe it should be corrected, amended or deleted, and we will consider your request within thirty business days.
How can you delete your account or request to delete your data?
Users can easily delete their account via the
Settings > Update my Profile
link. Select the button that says “Delete My Account”. Alternatively, users can request to have specific data deleted by emailing
support@myaginnovations.com
. There are also buttons within each item (tasks, expenses, animal detail, etc.) that allow a user to manually delete the item from the database (note: if you select the “Delete” button, the data is permanently removed from the database and is unrecoverable).
How to unsubscribe from marketing emails?
To unsubscribe from marketing emails, enter your email address below and click the unsubscribe button. It may take up to seven days for your email to be removed from the contact list.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...