Privacy
Policy
By using or accessing our App or our Service, you agree to our privacy policy.
Sleep (“Sleep” or “we”) collects information from you in order to provide better service and better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.
I. What information we collect
A. Information you directly and voluntarily provide to us
If you are a user of Sleep, we may collect information that you provide to us. The information includes but is not limited to: your email address, the content of feedback, and the content of questionnaire answered by you. We use the information to accept users' feedback and will never leak your privacy information.
B. Information automatically collected when you use Sleep
We automatically collect information about you when you use Sleep. We will collect information including, but not limited to:
your mobile device’s brand, model, operating system, resolution, screen size, system version, Bluetooth settings, internet connection, along with your account activation time, content displayed to you and whether you clicked on it, your IP address, your mobile country code. We will also request access to your photos, media and files, your device’s camera and microphone, your Wi-Fi connection information and your device ID.
C. Information collected by Third Parties Analytics Services
We may work with third party analytics services to help us provide you with better service. The third parties’ analytics services include Fabric, Flurry, and AppCloudBox. Information might be analyzed such as how often you use the application and the events that occur within the application. We collect this type of analysis information and use it in conjunction with the analytical information collected from other users so that such information can not be used to identify any specific individual user.
Ⅱ.How we use information we collect
We may use information for any purpose as below:
A. To personalize user experience. We may use the information to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends among our users;
B. To help develop our service. We may use the information to provide, maintain, improve and modify the application, the service and develop new features;
C. To further develop Sleep. We may use the information for promotion and marketing purposes.
Ⅲ. How we protect your information
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure. We will also never leak your privacy information.
Ⅳ. How we share your information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. Please be advised that we may disclose your personal information if legally required to do so by government agencies, judicial courts or law enforcement bodies, or to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal.
Ⅴ. Children's Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Ⅵ. Changes to the Privacy Policy
Sleep may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.
California Privacy Notice
Last Updated：December 27, 2019
Effective: January 1, 2020
This California Privacy Notice ("Notice") is for California residents and supplements our Privacy Policy. It explains how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information and how to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA").
We Don't Sell Your Data
We do not sell your Personal Information, and never will. You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, and we share your information for business purposes to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.
Your rights under the CCPA
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the following requests.
1. Right to know what personal information we collect. You have the right to request details on the specific personal information we've collected about you. We provide this information in our Privacy Policy, but you can also get this information by contacting us by email in the privacy policy.
2. Right to deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your data by contacting us by email in the privacy policy.
3. Non-Discrimination. You have the right to be free from any discrimination for exercising your rights to access or delete your Personal Information. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy, you can contact us:
dailymeditation_feedback@outlook.com