Previous
Early detection can be crucial
Breast-checks
made easy
Our free app will guide you. Stay healthy. Check it out!
Check your breasts
Save
your
life
Get a free
Self-check coach in your pocket!
Early detection can be crucial
Breast-checks
made easy
Our free app will guide you. Stay healthy. Check it out!
Check your breasts
Save
your
life
Get a free
Self-check coach in your pocket!
Early detection can be crucial
Breast-checks
made easy
Our free app will guide you. Stay healthy. Check it out!
Next
1
2
3
Regular self-examination can save your life
The earlier breast cancer is treated, the more likely it can be cured. Regular breast-checks can help you detect abnormalities earlier and get treatment faster.
Make self-checking easy
Use our free app to guide you through self-examination and help you set reminders. Download now.
Learn how to do a regular self-check.
It's easy!
Watch our short video demonstrating how to self-check your breast. It only takes two minutes. Please be aware, this film contains nudity for preventative healthcare purposes.
Check your breasts – save your life
Early detection is the secret for cure. If we are late in detection chances for advanced disease and death increase dramatically.
Prof. Doron Kopelman MD
Oncologist and Head of Surgery at the Emek Medical Center in Afula, Israel
Print Leaflet
Would you rather have a printed flyer in your hand than an app on your phone? We've created a flyer for you to print and share with everyone you care about.
Download PDF
Choose your language
english
español
spanish
français
french
deutsch
german
עִברִית
hebrew
عربى
arabic
خودت را بگیر
farsi
اردو
urdu
हिंदी
hindi
বাংলা
bengali
中国人
chinese
አማርኛ
amharic
afaan oromoo
oromo
Accept cookies
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website |
Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://dearmamma.org/lp/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
DearMamma App and Website
1. Introduction
Please read the Privacy Policy ("Policy") carefully before using the DearMamma Breast Cancer Awareness App ("DearMamma App", "App", "Service") and/or the accompanying DearMamma Website ("Website", "Service"), both operated by The DEAR Foundation in Switzerland ("DEAR Foundation", "us", "we" or "our"). Your use of the DearMamma App and/or DearMamma Website is conditional upon your acceptance of and compliance with the Policy. The Policy applies to all visitors, users and others who use the App and/or the Website. By using the App and/or Website you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you disagree with any part of the Policy then you are not permitted to access the Service.
The DEAR Foundation developed the DearMamma App and the Website as a free Service. This Service is provided by The DEAR Foundation at no cost and is intended for use as it is. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this Policy. The personal data that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will only use or share your information as described in this Policy.
If you choose to use our Service, you consent to the collection and use of data under this Policy. The DEAR Foundation is responsible for data collection and data processing and processes personal data in accordance with
the Swiss Federal Law on Data Protection ("FADP") and
the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") of 25/05/2018.
The personal data we collect is used to provide and improve the Service. We will only use and share your information with third parties as set forth in this Policy.
Responsible Party
The DEAR Foundation
Obfelderstrasse 41a
8910 Affoltern am Albis
Switzerland
Email address:
info@thedearfoundation.ch
2. Personal Data Collection and Use
Personal data is defined as any information that relates to a specific or identifiable person, such as name, address, telephone number and e-mail. Both natural and legal persons about whom data is processed are affected.
2.1 Cookies
Cookies and similar technologies for mobile devices and websites are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
Our Service uses cookies. Furthermore, the App may use third party code and libraries that use cookies to collect information and improve their services.
Opt-out option:
You always have the option to revoke a given approval to cookies or object to the usage of your data by cookies. You can do this by deactivating the use of cookies of your browser or on your device.
If you choose to revoke your consent or to refuse cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
2.2. DearMamma App
The user has the option to use the DearMamma App anonymously or to personalise the App.
2.2.1. Explicit local storage of personal data during breast cancer examination
Personal data collected during the breast cancer examination, which is entered and/or saved (notes, photos, audio) during the usage of the App is always stored locally on the user's phone. The DEAR Foundation and/or any third parties do not have access to this kind of data.
2.2.2. Personal data shared with third parties
In addition to personal data collected during the breast cancer examination (please review 2.2.1 of this Policy for details), which is stored locally on your personal device, there is also personal data that we share with third parties. In such circumstances we adhere to all legal requirements and only use the data as described in this Privacy Policy:
No location history and no movement profiles
Location data is not processed to create a location history or a movement profile of the devices used and/or their users.
Facebook Software-Development Kit (SDK)
Our App uses Facebook Software Development Kit ("Facebook SDK") of the social network Facebook. The operator is Facebook Inc, 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. For users in Europe, the operator is Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
The Facebook SDK is used to measure the effectiveness of Facebook Advertisements ("Facebook Ads") for the DearMamma App that are placed by The DEAR Foundation on Facebook. The Facebook SDK serves as an interface for the transmission of information for the display of advertisements on the end device. Furthermore it tracks data analytics and user behaviour within the App.
Google Analytics
Our App uses Google Analytics. The operator is Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). For users in Europe, the operator is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Analytics for Mobile Apps measures and optimizes user acquisition and engagement with our App.
2.3. DearMamma Website
Facebook Pixel
Our website uses Facebook Pixel of the social network Facebook. The operator is Facebook Inc, 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. For users in Europe, the operator is Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Facebook Pixel is used for the display of Facebook Ads to you as a visitor of the DearMamma Website. It determines you as a target group for the display of Facebook Ads. With the help of Facebook Pixel, we can also track the effectiveness of the Facebook Ads for statistical and market research purposes.
Google Analytics
Our Website uses Google Analytics. The operator is Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). For users in Europe, the operator is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Analytics for websites measures and optimises the user acquisition and engagement with our Website.
Pinterest-Tag Conversation-Tracking
Our Website uses Pinterest-Tag Conversation-Tracking ("Pinterest-Tag"). The operator is Pinterest Inc, 505 Brannan Street San Francisco, CA 94107 United States. For users in Europe, the operator is Pinterest Europe Ltd., Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.
The Pinterest-Tag is a snippet of code that allows to track website users and the actions they take on a website after seeing the Pinterest Advertisement. Furthermore, it measures the effectiveness of the Pinterest Advertisement.
3. Other Sites and Social Media
The App may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by The DEAR Foundation. The DEAR Foundation has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, the privacy policies, or the practices of any third party websites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that The DEAR Foundation shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.
Services used by and/or linked to the App and/or Website:
Instagram
is operated by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA. The parent company is Facebook, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. Website:
https://www.instagram.com
and privacy policy:
https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy
.
Facebook
is operated by Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (for Europe) and Facebook, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA (outside of Europe). Website:
https://www.facebook.com
and privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
Pinterest
is operated by Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA, 94301, USA. Website:
https://www.pinterest.com
and privacy policy:
https://about.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy
.
YouTube
is operated by
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (for Europe), and Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (outside of Europe). Website:
https://www.youtube.com
and privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Google API Fonts
is operated Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (for Europe), and Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (outside of Europe). Website:
https://fonts.google.com
and privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Opt-out option:
You always have the option to revoke a given approval or object to the usage of the service of other websites and/or the above mentioned social media platforms. To do so, please visit the aforementioned websites and/or social media platforms and opt-out.
With the following services the user can voluntarily share the link of our Website to other possible users:
Mail
Telegram Messenger
Whatsapp Messenger
Twitter
LinkedIn
4. App Stores
The DearMamma App can be downloaded on specific online-platforms ("App Stores"). In this context, their individual privacy policies are valid. Services used:
Apple App Store
:
https://www.apple.com/app-store/
;
Privacy Policy:
https://www.apple.com/privacy/privacy-policy/
.
Google Play
:
https://play.google.com/store
;
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
5. Push Messages
With the consent of the user, the DearMamma App can send the user push messages. These messages can be displayed to the user even when they are not using the App. The receipt of push messages can be changed by the user at any time using the notification settings of the user’s device.
6. Log Data
The provider of this App and Website automatically collects and stores information in server log files. These are transmitted to us automatically.
This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the App when utilising our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
7. Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
To facilitate and improve our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related Services; or
To assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties only have access to your personal data defined under 2.2.2 of this Policy, in order to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, these companies and individuals are obligated to protect your information and are forbidden from disclosing or using the information for any other purpose.
8. Security
We value your trust in providing us with your personal data, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. However, no method of transmission over the internet, or electronic storage is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
9. Children’s Privacy
The Service of the App and Website does not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. In the case we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with information, we will immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with information, please contact us so that we will be able to take the necessary actions.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace this Policy at any time. The user will be informed about changes to this Policy. The changes become effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
11. Rights of the User
In accordance with relevant legal requirements, users have the following rights with regards to their data: right to object, right to information, right to deletion of data, right to correction, right to data transmission and right to complain to supervisory authority (EU General Data Protection Regulation).
12. Deletion of Data
In accordance with the legal requirements, the data processed by us will be deleted as soon as the permissions granted for processing are revoked or cease to apply (e.g. the purpose of processing this data has ceased to apply and/or is not required).
13. Contact Us
If you have any questions about or requests to our Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at:
info@thedearfoundation.ch
.
Last update: 22. April 2021
Choose your language
english
Accept cookies
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website |
Privacy Policy