Skip to main content
Close Search
PRIVACY POLICY
Appsoleut Coders LLP has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how Appsoleut Coders LLP collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Appsoleut Coders LLP’s products, services and websites including, but not limited to Appsoleut Coders LLP’s Games, Appsoleut Coders LLP Games on-line stores.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES.
Appsoleut Coders LLP reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is data we collect about the use of Appsoleut Coders LLP Services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.
Appsoleut Coders LLP may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable Appsoleut Coders LLP to identify you. The types of non-personal data Appsoleut Coders LLP may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to IP address, Media Access Control (“MAC”) address and unique device identifier or other persistent or non-persistent device identifier (“Device ID”); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and coarse location; (v) game progress, time used playing, score and achievements; (vi) other non-personal data as reasonably required to enhance the Services and other Appsoleut Coders LLP products and services.
Appsoleut Coders LLP may use and disclose to Appsoleut Coders LLP’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Appsoleut Coders LLP services and products.
Ad Serving Technology
Appsoleut Coders LLP reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by Appsoleut Coders LLP or Appsoleut Coders LLP’s partners and contractors. Appsoleut Coders LLP may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services. Appsoleut Coders LLP or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and location information as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Service. Appsoleut Coders LLP or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose including, but not limited to IP address (including but not limited to for purposes of determining your coarse location), Device ID, MAC, software, applications, hardware, browser information, internet and on-line usage information and in-game information. The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.
You recognize and agree that the advertising companies who deliver ads for Appsoleut Coders LLP may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies are integrated into Services; if you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Services. Although Appsoleut Coders LLP takes commercially reasonable steps to instruct such advertising companies to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, Appsoleut Coders LLP does not have access to or control of third party technologies.
Location Data
If Appsoleut Coders LLP makes location enabled Services available and you use such Services, Appsoleut Coders LLP may collect and process your location data to provide location related Services and advertisements. For example, some add-ons or offers may be available at dedicated locations. Appsoleut Coders LLP may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address. Your GPS geo-location is not accessed without your consent. Notwithstanding Appsoleut Coders LLP’s partners who are providing location related parts of the Service, Appsoleut Coders LLP will not share your GPS geo-location with third parties without your consent. To the extent Appsoleut Coders LLP makes available GPS geo-location to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy, it will be provided anonymously. Please note that Appsoleut Coders LLP may share your anonymous coarse location with its partners.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Likely situations when you make personal data available to Appsoleut Coders LLP include, but are not limited to: (i) registration for Services, contests and special events; (ii) accessing Services using a third party ID, such as social networking sites or gaming services; (iii) subscribing to newsletters; (iv) purchasing a product or services through Appsoleut Coders LLP’s online stores; (v) using “tell a friend,” “email this page,” or other similar features; (vi) requesting technical support; and (vii) otherwise through use of Appsoleut Coders LLP Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation.
The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in. The personal data Appsoleut Coders LLP may collect, process and use may include, but are not limited to your name, screen/nick name, Appsoleut Coders LLP Services’ or third party service ID, e-mail address, phone number, photo or other image, birth date, sex, address, friend connections, avatar image, credit card information, shipping information; and location (only if directly identifiable to you, otherwise Appsoleut Coders LLP treats location as non-personal data).
Appsoleut Coders LLP may use personal and non-personal data, both individually and combined together, for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving), customizing Appsoleut Coders LLP’s communications and to further develop the Services and other Appsoleut Coders LLP services and products. Appsoleut Coders LLP may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Personal data may be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Appsoleut Coders LLP may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Appsoleut Coders LLP may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Appsoleut Coders LLP to legal liability. Appsoleut Coders LLP may also disclose your personal data to third parties when Appsoleut Coders LLP has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Appsoleut Coders LLP’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Appsoleut Coders LLP believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Appsoleut Coders LLP’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Appsoleut Coders LLP. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Appsoleut Coders LLP will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through Appsoleut Coders LLP’s website or in another reasonable manner.
Third Party Terms and Conditions
Please note that your access to and use of the Services may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, map data providers, mobile software platforms, on-line gaming platforms, social networking services and payment providers. You recognize and agree that Appsoleut Coders LLP is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services Appsoleut Coders LLP may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Appsoleut Coders LLP is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
Appsoleut Coders LLP will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and Appsoleut Coders LLP. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy or the breach, termination or validity thereof shall be finally settled at Appsoleut Coders LLP’s discretion (i) at your domicile’s competent courts; or (ii) by arbitration in accordance with the Rules for Expedited Arbitration of the Arbitration Institute of the Indian Chamber of Commerce. The arbitration shall be conducted in india, in the English language.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST Appsoleut Coders LLP ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
linkedin
youtube
instagram
tiktok
Close Menu
Who We Are
What We Make
How We Make
Game Support