FgCos Games
Privacy and terms of use
Your privacy is very important to us, and we take it seriously. Please read our
Privacy Policy below and let us know if you have any questions or other feedback
regarding it. For additional details please refer also to our Data Policy.
PRIVACY POLICY
Personal information:
In our ad-supported apps we use the IP address and mobile
advertising ID of your device in order to show ads. Please refer to our Data Policy
for details, including how to opt out of such usage.
Data retention:
If we do happen to obtain any personal information, including emails
or phone numbers perhaps obtained through support requests or other correspondence,
it will be treated with the strictest confidentiality. Any such personal information
will never be shared with any other entities. Any such personal information will not
be retained beyond the resolution of the support request or other correspondence.
Age limitations:
We do not knowingly contact or do business with children under 13 years
of age. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that a child under the age of 13 has
attempted to contact and/or do business with us, please advise us by email at
fgcos.com@gmail.com so that we may rectify the situation.
Anonymous usage information:
Our apps and websites may collect anonymous usage information
to help improve the quality of our services and applications.
Internet permissions:
Our apps do typically require internet permissions, for the purpose
of providing links to the app store entry of our products, to serve ads and to collect
anonymous usage information (see above).
Advertising:
Some of our apps contain third-party advertising. We may occasionally
promote other products of our own within our apps. We may occasionally cross-promote
the products of other affiliated developers that offer similar products and share
similar values as expressed on their own published privacy policies.
QUESTIONS CONCERNING OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If you have any question concerning our Privacy Policy please contact us
(email: fgcos.com@gmail.com)
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify our Privacy and Data Policy at any time simply by
posting such modification on this site and without any other notification. Any such
modification will be effective immediately upon posting on this site. It is your
responsibility to review our Privacy and Data Policy from time to time to ensure
that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
LAST UPDATED
The Privacy Policy was last updated on 2018/05/26.
Data policy
Your privacy is very important to us, and we take it seriously. Please read
our Data Policy below and let us know if you have any questions or other
feedback regarding it.
ADVERTISING
Many of our apps use advertising to provide the content free of charge.
When you use these apps your device automatically sends certain information to
our advertising partner Admob. This information includes, for example, the name
of the app, the device type, and the advertising ID.
The information gathered is solely used to provide our advertising partners with
the bare minimum of information they need to provide their services and combat
click fraud.
ADMOB
AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc. Please read
this overview
of how they use information from sites or apps that use their services.
Personal Data collected:
Unique device identifiers for advertising. For
example, Google Advertiser ID or Apple ID For Advertising.
Place of processing:
United States
Privacy Policy
|
Opt Out
OPTING OUT
If you no longer want us to use your IP address and mobile advertising ID then
you need to either pay to remove advertisements or stop using the app.
For more choices please follow the “Opt Out” link for the AdMob service above.
OWNER AND DATA CONTROLLER
FgCos Games
Contact e-mail:
fgcos.com@gmail.com
QUESTIONS CONCERNING OUR DATA CONSENT POLICY
If you have any question concerning our usage of personal data please contact us
(e-mail: fgcos.com@gmail.com)
LAST UPDATED
The Data Consent was last updated on 2018/05/26.