Vodafone.com
Vodafone Business
Vodafone in your country
Products
Cloud & Edge
Cloud Services
Mobile Private Networks
Multi-access Edge Computing (MEC)
Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity Services for Large Business
Endpoint Security
Managed Security
Managed Firewall
Security Assessment
Digital Applications
Gemini for Google Workspace
Google Workspace
Microsoft 365
Microsoft 365 for Copilot
E2E Solutions
App Invent
Cell Site Management
Collaborative Worker
Drone Detection
Fixed Connectivity
Cloud Connectivity
Ethernet
Internet Services
IP Transit
IP-VPN
Satellite Services
SD-LAN
SD-WAN
Secure Gateway
IoT Connectivity
Business IoT Platform
Device Management
Internet in the Car
IoT Analytics Services
IoT Devices
Low Power Wide Area Network (LPWAN)
Professional Services
Satellite IoT Services
Messaging & Identity
Identity Hub Services (online fraud prevention)
Messaging Hub
RCS Business Messaging
Mobile Connectivity & Devices
Device as a Service
Managed and Value-added Services
Tariffs
Unified Communications
Recording Services
Talk with Microsoft Teams
UC as a service
Voice services
Solutions
Solutions
By business type
Carriers & Digital Service Providers
Large Enterprise
Public Sector
Small & Medium Businesses
By industry
Agriculture
Banking & Finance
Health
Retail
Transport & Logistics
Utilities
By need
Boundless Working
Secure Connected Enterprise
Smart Operations
By region
APAC
Americas
Europe
Middle East & Africa
News & Insights
Analyst Views
Case Studies
Company News
Events & Webinars
Gigabit Blog
Thought Leadership
Explore the Trust Gap
Fit for the Future
White Papers
About
Business Ventures
Connected Education
Connected Living
Gartner Peer Insights
Meet the Team
Sustainability
Contact us
Business Sales Enquiry
Local Vodafone Support
Your account options
Self care portal login
Telecoms reporting login
Privacy Portal
Vodafone Business Products and Services and website
tab 1 of 4
Who we are
tab 2 of 4
How to contact us
tab 3 of 4
Privacy policy
tab 4 of 4
Cookie policy
Who we are
We are Vodafone Business. We use Vodafone Global Enterprise Limited and other Vodafone Business Entities, members of the Vodafone Group, as the commercial sales arm to deliver global business products and services.
We will act as the Data Controller for a range of your personal data and will be supported by other organisations within the Vodafone Group.
You will find our contact details in the
How to contact us
section in this policy which you can use if you have any questions about this privacy policy, including how to update or access your personal information or to make a complaint.
In this privacy policy:
“Vodafone”, “we”, “us”, “our” means Vodafone Business including Vodafone Global Enterprise Limited and Vodafone Business Entities;
“Vodafone Business Entities”, means the entities listed as Vodafone Enterprise companies in Vodafone Group website here, https://www.vodafone.com/content/index/investors/about_us/licensed-entities.html
“third party” means someone who is not you, us or a Business Customer;
“Business Customer” means the business customer which has entered into a Services Agreement with Vodafone or another member of the Vodafone Group for Vodafone Business products and Services; and
“Vodafone Group” means Vodafone Group Plc and any company or other organisation in which Vodafone Group Plc owns more than 15% of the share capital.
Our registered office is Vodafone House, The Connection Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. We are registered in England under company number 2844851.
Vodafone Global Enterprise Limited is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), registration number Z1535597.
Products
Unified communications
Mobile Connectivity
Fixed Connectivity
Digital Applications
IoT Connectivity
Cloud & Edge
E2E Solutions
Security
Solutions for
Large & multinational business
Small & medium business
International public sector
Carriers & Digital service providers
About
Careers
Sustainability
Code of conduct
Preference centre
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Digital Services Act
Terms & conditions
©2025 Vodafone Limited. Registered Office: Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 2FN. Registered in England No 1471587.
Your Cookies
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance and personalise site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts (including third party cookies) .
Cookie Policy
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Manage Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only
set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences,
logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of
the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label