please select your COUNTRY
UK
UAE
Sweden
Canada
USA
Saudi Arabia
GLOBAL
HEAD OFFICE
GERMAN DONER KEBAB
5 REDWOOD PLACE
GLASGOW
G74 5PB
‍
A company registered in Scotland with company number
SC527065
Please note:
Our Guest Service team will respond to enquiries and complaints Monday - Friday 9 am-5 pm and are closed on public holidays.
PRIVACY POLICY
We ask that you read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are, how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information and on how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
WHO WE ARE
This website is operated by GDK International Limited.
We collect, use and are responsible for certain personal information about you. For the purposes of data protection legislation, the controller of any personal information collected through this website is GDK International Limited (company number SC551701), 5 Redwood Place, Glasgow, Scotland, G74 5PB (GDK).
OUR WEBSITE
This privacy policy relates to your use of our website, www.gdk.com only.
Throughout our website we may link to other websites owned and operated by certain trusted third parties to promote GDK's worldwide franchise opportunities (including www.franchisedirect.com, www.franarabia.com or any other international franchise recruitment or broker websites GDK deems relevant for such purposes). These other third party websites may also gather information about you in accordance with their own separate privacy policies. For privacy information relating to these other third party websites, please consult their privacy policies as appropriate.
OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal information about you when you enquire through our website, email us, call us, submit an application form, complete a non-disclosure agreement, contact us via MailChimp or an equivalent emailer software, meet with us in person at face-to-face meetings, franchise exhibitions and events, access our website, register with us, contact us, send us feedback and post material to our website.
We collect this personal information from you either directly, such as when you contact or meet us or indirectly, such as your browsing activity while on our website (please see"Cookies and similar technologies"below).
We also collect personal information about you from other sources as follows:
When you submit an enquiry about GDK through third-party franchise recruitment or broker website, when you are referred to GDK via a broker or intermediary, the personal information we collect about you depends on the particular activities carried out through our website. Such information includes:
Your name, address, contact and business details;
Date of birth;
Whether you are fluent in English;
Your residential status and legal right to own a business are relevant to the country in which you are applying for a franchise;
Your business and personal financial details;
Your reasons for applying for a franchise;
Details of relevant experience and qualifications;
Details of any feedback you give us by phone, email, post, or social media.
We use this personal information to:
Contact you about worldwide franchise opportunities; assess your suitability to become a GDKfranchisee (a Master Franchisee, Area Developer, Multi-Unit Operator or Single Territory Franchisee); customise our website and its content to your particular preferences; notify you of any changes to our website or to our services that may affect you; improve our services; if you contact us by phone, email, social media or otherwise, keep a record of that correspondence; to administer our website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes. This website is not intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect or use personal information about children.
MARKETING
We would like to send you information about GDK franchise opportunities or other brands owned by our parent company, Hero Brands Limited or associated group companies, which may be of interest to you. Where we have your consent, or it is in our legitimate interests to do so, we may do this by e-shot, personal email or the appropriate website. We would also like to share your information with other companies within the group in order to promote other group owned franchise opportunities to you. We will only ask whether you would like us and our group companies to send you marketing messages when you tick the relevant boxes when you submit an application or make an enquiry. Click here
http://www.gdk.com/contact
to see what this form looks like. If you have previously agreed to being contacted in this way, you can unsubscribe at any time by:
Contacting us at ben@germandonerkebab.com;
Using the 'unsubscribe' link in emails.
It may take up to 10 working days for this to take place.
Ordering from our Brooklyn kiosk location?
Ordering from any of our other USA locations?
Do you want to visit the
GDK Canada
site or browse the content on this site?
VISIT GDKCANADA.com
STAY HERE