BrightMatter LLC, its affiliates and subsidiaries (
“Company”
or
“we”
or
“us”
) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy (the “
Policy
”). This Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect when you visit our website:
https://getsola.com
and our mobile application (collectively, our “
Website
“), why we collect it, and how you can access, update, manage, export, and delete your information. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
1.      Information we collect from you
Sources of information
This Policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In any electronic messages between you and this Website.
Offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any of our affiliates and subsidiaries.
This Policy does not apply to information collected by:
Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website.
What information we collect
We collect information to provide better services to all our users––from remembering user preferences to contacting you regarding services or opportunities that may be of interest to you. The information we collect, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services.
We may collect and process some or all of the following types of information from you:
Information that you provide to us by filling in forms or creating an account on the Website. This may include information provided at the time of registering to use the Website or requesting further information or services, such as: Full name, email address, phone number, mailing address, location information and IP address. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with the Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Details of all actions that you carry out through the Website and of the provision of services to you.
Details of your visits to the Website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, and other communication data.
The provision of your full name, e-mail address, phone number, mailing address, location information and IP address are required from you if you choose to utilize the services or create an account on our Website. We will inform you at the point of collecting information from you, whether you are required to provide the information to us.
2.      How we use your information
We may use the information that we collect in a variety of ways in providing our service, including:
To ensure that content from the Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer and to understand and analyze your usage trends and preferences, to improve our services, and to develop new products, services, and features.
To operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all features of our services, to provide our services and information that you request, to respond to your questions, and to provide support to users of our service.
To notify you about changes to our services and provide you with information that is relevant to your use of the services.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you. You have the ability to opt-out of receiving promotional communications here:
https://getsola.com/contact-us
, or you may contact us using our Contact information below.
We use your data (including your communications) if we think it’s necessary for security purposes or to investigate possible fraud or other violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy and/or attempts to harm other users.
We may occasionally contact you through email, phone, and/or notices posted on our Website. We may send you messages about the availability of our services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use the services, network updates, and promotional messages from us. You may contact us at any time using our Contact Information below to change your communication preferences. Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
3.      Lawful bases for processing your information
You have choices about our use of your information. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by contacting us using our Contact Information below.
We will only collect and process your information where we have lawful bases. Some of the lawful bases include, but are not limited to, consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the services you have requested)) and legitimate interests.
If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the Contact Information provided below.
4.      Sharing your information
We do not share your personal information with advertisers, other companies, or individuals outside of the Company except in the following cases:
Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your information when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us, or others. It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you, (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (4) protect the security or integrity of our Service (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of the Company, our users, personnel, or others. We attempt to notify you about legal demands for your personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand.
For external processing
We may provide personal information to our affiliates, which includes any entity that belongs to the BrightMatter LLC group of companies. We may also provide personal information to any third party who provides services through our website based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Merger, acquisition, or sale of assets
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. We will continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
5.      How we store your information
Security
We take industry-standard security measures to ensure that all of your personal data is kept secure, including security measures to prevent personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way, for the duration of your use of our services. We limit access to your personal data to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorized manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website, therefore any transmission remains at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict industry-standard procedures and security features in order to prevent unauthorized access.
Cross-Border Data Transfers
We may store and use your data outside your country. We may process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different, and potentially not as protective, as the laws of your own country. In many cases, we will use European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses as a legal mechanism for data transfers. These clauses are contractual commitments between companies transferring personal data, binding them to protect the privacy and security of your data. These clauses are designed to help safeguard your privacy rights and give you remedies in the unlikely event of the misuse of your personal data.
Keeping your information up to date
If your personal details change, you may contact us to request an update or correction using our Contact Information below. We will endeavor to update your personal data information within thirty (30) days of any new or updated personal data being provided to us, in order to ensure that the information we hold about you is as accurate and up to date as possible.
Where we store your information
The information that we collect from you and process as a result of your use of the services may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the United States. It may also be processed by our employees operating outside the United States who work for us. Such employees may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your orders, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data and accessing this Website, you agree to this transfer, storing and/or processing.
How long we keep your information
We retain your information for so long as it needs to be kept for legitimate business or legal purposes. Some data you can delete whenever you like, some data is deleted automatically, and some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
6.      Accessing, correcting & deleting your information
You can contact us any time using our Contact Information below to:
Request access to information that we have about you
Correct any information we have about you
Delete any information we have about you
Export a copy of any information we have about you if you wish to transfer it to a service outside of the Company.
There are other ways to control the information we collect, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when we have set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services may rely on cookies to function properly, for things like remembering your user preferences.
7.      Third Party Websites
The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers, affiliates, or other third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and terms of use and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those policies and terms of use. Please check those policies before you submit any personal data to those websites.
8.      Compliance and cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. We hope that we can resolve any question or concern you raise about our use of your information.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
9.      Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time.  Any changes we may make to our Policy in the future will be notified and made available to you using the Website. Your continued use of the services and the Website shall be deemed your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review.
10.   IP Addresses and cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration, customer support and to collect aggregate information for internal reporting purposes.
In addition, our Website uses cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of the Website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Website and also allows us to improve the Website.
The cookies we use are “analytical” cookies. Some of the common uses for our cookies are as follows:
To recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our Website works, for example by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
To identify and authenticate a user across different pages of our Website, within our own Website, in a session or across different sessions. This is so that the user does not need to provide a password on every page the user visits; and
To be able to retrieve a user’s previously stored data, for example, information that the user previously submitted to the Website, so as to facilitate reuse of this information by the user.
11.   Contact Information
All questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to:
BrightMatter LLC
Attn: Customer Support
500 W Hickman Rd, #732
Waukee, IA 50263
support@getsola.com