The App
Our Mission
Brand Partners
Blog
Follow us on social
WeWard – The Walking App
Walking Rewards and Motivation
Get
Download App
Download App
Privacy Policy
Effective as of 02/03/2023
This Privacy Policy describes how WeWard SAS (“
WeWard
”, “we”, “
us
” or “
our
”) handles personal information that we collect through our digital and online properties or services that link to this Privacy Policy, including as applicable, our website, mobile applications, social media pages, marketing and advertising activities, events and other activities described in this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “
Service
”).
Index
Personal information we collect
How we use your personal information
How we share your personal information
How long we keep your personal information
Your choices
Other sites and services
Security
International data transfer
Children
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Personal information we collect
Information you provide to us.
Personal information you may provide to us through the Service or otherwise includes:
User contact data
, such as your name, phone number, email address, and postal address.
Account data
,
such as the username, profile picture, links to your profiles on social networks, preferences, place of birth, nationality, date of birth/age, height, weight, gender, photograph of your government-issued identification, information about your participation in our contests, promotions, or surveys, and any other information that you add to your account profile.
Exercise data
, such as the number of steps taken, step history, distance travelled, activity time and calories, and verifying eligible physical activities.
Communications
data
based on our exchanges with you, including when you contact us through the Service, e-mail, social media, or otherwise.
Research data
, such as your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes related to our business.
Marketing data
, such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications and details about your engagement with them.
Transactional data
, such as information relating to or needed to complete your purchases on or through the Service, including order numbers and transaction and earnings history.
User-generated content data
, such as photos, images, blog comments, questions, messages, works of authorship, and other content or information that you generate, transmit, or otherwise make available on the Service, as well as associated metadata. Metadata includes information on how, when, where and by whom a piece of content was collected and how that content has been formatted or edited. Metadata also includes information that users can add or can have added to their content, such as keywords, geographical or location information, and other similar data.
Payment data
needed to complete transactions, including payment card information or bank account and routing number.
Promotion data
, such as such as photographs of receipts for purchases made in the recommended locations, shop concerned, date of purchase, items, purchase amount, amount of the reward to be rewarded, and other information you share when you enter a competition, promotion or complete a survey.
Other data
not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Note on Apple HealthKit Data
You can choose to connect and share your HealthKit information with WeWard. The information you provide to HealthKit is then governed by the Apple Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. The unique information you choose to send from HealthKit is not used by WeWard for marketing and advertising or transferred by WeWard to third parties for marketing and advertising.
Note on Health Connect
You can choose to connect and share Health Connect information with WeWard. This imported data may include fitness activities, number of steps/distance traveled, calories burned, and floors climbed. We will process this data in order to provide you with App functionality and features. Importing this data is subject to the Google Health Connect privacy policies and terms.
‍
Third-party sources.
We may combine personal information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, such as:
Public sources
, such as government agencies, public records, social media platforms, location information and other publicly available sources.
Data providers
, such as information services and data licensors that provide demographic and other information.
Marketing partners
, such as joint marketing partners and event co-sponsors.
Third-party services
, such as social media services, that you use to log into, or otherwise link to, your Service account. This data may include your username, profile picture and other information associated with your account on that third-party service that is made available to us based on your account settings on that service.
Automatic data collection.
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Service, our communications and other online services, such as:
Device data
,
such as your computer or mobile device’s operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, RAM and disk size, CPU usage, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), IP address, geolocation, unique device identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language settings, mobile device carrier, radio/network information (e.g., Wi-Fi, LTE, 3G), application’s version, time zone and general location information such as city, state or general geographic area.
Online activity data
, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing to the Service, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times and duration of access, and whether you have opened our emails, advertisements, push notifications or clicked links within them.
Communication interaction data
such
as your interactions with our email or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails or advertisements.
Cookies and similar technologies
. Some of the automatic collection described above is facilitated by the following technologies:
Cookies
, which are small text files that websites or mobile apps store on user devices and that allow web servers to record users’ web or mobile browsing activities and remember their submissions, preferences, and login status as they navigate. Cookies used on our Service include both “session cookies” that are deleted when a session ends, “persistent cookies” that remain longer, “first party” cookies that we place and “third party” cookies that our third-party business partners and service providers place.
Local storage technologies
, like HTML5, that provide cookie-equivalent functionality but can store larger amounts of data on your device in connection with specific applications.
Web beacons
, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, which are used to demonstrate that a webpage or email was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked.
How we use your personal information
We may use your personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations.
We may use your personal information to:
provide, operate and improve the Service and our business;
personalize the service, including remembering the devices from which you have previously logged in and remembering your selections and preferences as you navigate the Service;
establish and maintain your user account on the Service;
enable security features of the Service, such as by sending you security links via email, and remembering devices from which you have previously logged in;
communicate with you about the Service, including by sending announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about events in which you participate;
understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Service and our communications; and
provide support for the Service, and respond to your requests, questions and feedback.
Health and Exercice data (Healthkit / Google Fit)
We use this data to verify your physical movement and issue rewards on the basis of this verified data. Our legal basis for processing this data is based on consent and performance of a contract.
Research and development.
We may use your personal information for research and development purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and our business. As part of these activities, we may create aggregated, de-identified or other anonymous data from personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous or de-identified data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous or de-identified data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and promote our business.
Marketing.
We, our service providers and our third-party partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing purposes:
Direct marketing
. We may send you direct marketing communications. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the Opt-out of marketing section below.
Interest-based advertising.
Our third-party advertising partners may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interaction (including the data described in the automatic data collection section above) with the Service, our communications and other online services over time, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. This is called interest-based advertising. We may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar users on other online platforms.
Compliance and protection.
We may use your personal information to:
comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements or our internal policies;
enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and
prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
Cookies and similar technologies.
In addition to the other uses included in this section, we may use the Cookies and similar technologies described above for the following purposes:
Technical operation
. To allow the technical operation of the Service.
Functionality
. To enhance the performance and functionality of our services.
Advertising
. To help us and our third-party advertising partners collect information about how you use the Service and other online services over time, which we and our partners use to show you ads on other online services they believe will interest you and measure how the ads perform.
Analytics
. To help us understand user activity on the Service, including which pages are most and least visited and how visitors move around the Service, as well as user interactions with our communications. For example, we use Amplitude for this purpose. To provide this service, Amplitude may collect certain information about you from your mobile device, including your email address, in accordance with its privacy policy
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Events, promotions and contests.
We may use your personal information to:
administer promotions and contests;
communicate with you about promotions or contests in which you participate; and
contact or market to you after collecting your personal information at an event.
How we share your personal information
We may share your personal information with the following parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection.
Affiliates.
Our subsidiaries and affiliates, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Service providers.
Third parties
that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Service or our business (such as maintenance services, database management, hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery, consumer research, marketing, and website and mobile app analytics).
Payment processors
. Any payment card information you use to make a purchase on the Service is collected and processed directly by our payment processors, such as Stripe. Stripe may use your payment data in accordance with its privacy policy,
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
Banking partner
. Any bank information you share with the Service is collected and processed directly by our banking partner, Brex. Brex may use your bank information in accordance with its privacy policy,
https://www.brex.com/legal/privacy
.
Advertising partners.
Third-party advertising companies for the interest-based advertising purposes described above.
Third parties designated by you.
We may share your personal data with third parties where you have instructed us or provided your consent to do so. We will share personal information that is needed for these other companies to provide the services that you have requested.
Business and marketing partners.
Third parties
with whom we co-sponsor events, with whom we jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services may be of interest to you.
Linked third-party services.
If you link your Service account to a social media or other third-party service (e.g., Facebook or Google), we may share your personal information with that third-party service. The third party’s use of the shared information will be governed by its privacy policy and the settings associated with your account with the third-party service.
Professional advisors.
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Authorities and others.
Law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the Compliance and protection purposes described above.
Business transferees.
Acquirers and other relevant participants in business transactions (or negotiations of or due diligence for such transactions) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business or assets of, or equity interests in WeWard (including, in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
‍
How long we keep your personal information
Data Retention
, your personal data will be kept only for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes set out in this policy, for as long as we are required to do so by law or any regulatory obligation. Then, the data is kept in our database for a maximum of 7 days after the account is deleted, or after 24 months of inactivity.
‍
Your choices
In this section, we describe the choices available to you.
Data Deletion
. You can delete your data at any time by opening the app, navigating to your profile settings, and selecting the “Delete my account” button. Alternatively, you can send an email to
contact@wewardapp.com
. Your data will be fully deleted within 7 days.
Access or update your information.
If you have registered for an account with us through the Service, you may review, update, correct, or delete certain information in your registration profile on the mobile app or by
contacting us
.
Opt-out of marketing communications.
You may opt-out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email, or by
contacting us
. Please note that if you choose to opt-out of marketing-related emails, you may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.
Do Not Track.
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Advertising choices.
You may be able to limit use of your information for interest-based advertising through the following settings/options/tools:
Browser settings.
Changing your internet web browser settings to block third-party cookies.
Privacy browsers/plug-ins.
Using privacy browsers and/or ad-blocking browser plug-ins that let you block tracking technologies.
Platform settings.
Google and Facebook offer opt-out features that let you opt-out of use of your information for interest-based advertising. You may be able to exercise that option at the following websites:
Google:
https://adssettings.google.com/
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/ads
Ad industry tools.
Opting out of interest-based ads from companies that participate in the following industry opt-out programs:
Network Advertising Initiative:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
.
Digital Advertising Alliance:
optout.aboutads.info
.
Mobile settings.
Using your mobile device settings to limit use of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device for interest-based advertising purposes.
You will need to apply these opt-out settings on each device and browser from which you wish to limit the use of your information for interest-based advertising purposes. We cannot offer any assurances as to whether the companies we work with participate in the opt-out programs described above.
California Shine the Light Law.
California residents may send us requests to
privacy@wewardapp.com
for identification of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal information during the preceding calendar year for such third parties’ direct-marketing purposes. In your request, you must include the statement “Shine the Light Request,” and provide your first and last name and mailing address and certify that you are a California resident. We reserve the right to require additional information to confirm your identity and California residency. Please note that we will not accept requests via telephone, mail, or facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
Declining to provide information.
We need to collect personal information to provide certain services. If you do not provide the information we identify as required or mandatory, we may not be able to provide those services.
Other sites and services
The Service may contain links to websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties. In addition, our content may be integrated into web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. These links and integrations are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. We do not control websites, mobile applications or online services operated by third parties, and we are not responsible for their actions. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites, mobile applications and online services you use.
Security
We employ technical, organizational and physical safeguards that are designed to protect the personal information we collect. However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies, and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
International data transfer
We are headquartered in the France and may use service providers that operate in other countries. Your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country.
Children
The Service is not intended for use by anyone under 18 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian of a child from whom you believe we have collected personal information in a manner prohibited by law, please contact us. If we learn that we have collected personal information through the Service from a child without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian as required by law, we will comply with applicable legal requirements to delete the information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the Service or other appropriate means. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the modified version (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your use of the Service after the effective date of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
To exercise your choices or if you have questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@wewardapp.com
.
‍
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 1
https://stripe.com/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.brex.com/legal/privacy:
Table of Contents
Platform Agreement
Prohibited and Restricted Activities
User Terms
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Addendum
Applicant Privacy Policy
Applicant Privacy Policy (Spanish)
Rewards
Brex Card Terms
Issuer Terms
Brex Business Accounts
Brex Treasury
Brex Payments
Brex Travel
API Agreement
Mobile Terms of Service
Financial Crimes Compliance Statement
Subpoenas and Legal Information Requests
Commonly Asked Questions
Table of Contents
Brex Privacy Policy
Revised April 12, 2024
Overview
Brex respects your privacy. While Brex’s Services are designed for use by business customers, we may process information about you when providing our services and operating our business. This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") provides a comprehensive description of how Brex collects, uses, and discloses information about you, as well as your rights and choices. For purposes of this Policy, "Brex", "we", "our", and "us" refers to Brex, Inc. and its affiliates, and "you" or "your" refers to the individual interacting with us.
When you access or use our Services, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy and understand its contents. Please read this Policy carefully, as it applies when you use our Services or Products, visit our
Website
, or use the Brex mobile app. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Policy have the definitions provided in the
Platform Agreement
.
In connection with the provision of specific Services, we may provide additional "just-in-time" disclosures or additional information about our data processing practices. These notices may supplement this Privacy Policy, clarify Brex’s privacy practices in the circumstances described or may provide you with additional choices about how Brex processes your personal information.
1. Applicability of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information we collect and process, when you:
visit, interact with, or use any Brex website, and/or Brex Services;
create or administer your Brex account;
receive communications from, or otherwise interact or communicate with us, including via email, phone or mail, or using our branded social media pages;
register or take part in our marketing, learning, or training events; and/or
offer or integrate your application, content, product, or services on or through Brex Services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the following:
Company Data.
Company Data includes any personal information that you submit to us for processing to provide the Brex Services, such as when you provide your bank account information for payroll processing, or demographic information for benefits enrollment purposes. Company Data does not include the account information about you that you provide to us in connection with the creation or administration of your Brex account. For more information on how Brex handles Company Data, please see our
Data Processing Addendum
.
Brex as an employer.
Any personal information we collect or process in our capacity as an employer, co-employer, or employer of record. For information we collect as part of the applicant process, please see our
Applicant Privacy Policy
.
Third Party Service Partners and Providers (“Service Providers”).
Any products, services, websites or content that are offered by third parties through integrations with Brex Services, which are governed by their own respective privacy policies.
2. Personal Information We Collect
The personal information we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Brex and the choices you make, the Services and features you use, your location, and applicable laws. If you provide us with information about another individual, you represent you have the authority to do so and have delivered any required notices and obtained all necessary rights and consents to provide such information to us for processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
A. Information Provided to Brex
Brex Services are intended for use by business customers and their administrators, employees and other authorized users (
"Authorized Users"
). When applying for a Brex Account, we may receive information about you, your Company, and individuals associated with your Company. Such information includes, but is not limited to:
Business Contact Information
, such as your name, address, phone number, email address, employer, and job title.
Account information
, such as usernames, credit card and bank account information, VAT numbers and other tax identifiers, and other authentication and security credential information.
Identification Information
, such as social security number and driver's license, passport or other government-issued identification documents to comply with our verification process, global anti-money laundering (AML) and know your customer (KYC) obligations.
Communications,
including when contacting sales, implementation, or support, asking a question, providing product feedback or corresponding with our business teams.
Content,
including any documentation, files or information you provide, which may include information about you or your business.
Third-Party Information,
including information you provide about any co-workers, contractors, vendors or potential referrals, such as their Business Contact Information.
Other information
, such as when you fill in a form on our website, respond to surveys, provide feedback, make a support inquiry, participate in promotions, or otherwise communicate with us.
Providing your personal information is optional, but it may be necessary for certain Services, such as account registration. In such cases, if you do not provide your personal information, we may not be able to provide you with the requested Services.
In connection with providing Services, we receive additional information submitted by, on behalf of and relating to a Company and its Authorized Users, such as:
Authorized User Data,
including your Business Contact Information, login credentials, and other information used by your company to invite and manage Authorized Users.
Transaction Data,
including information associated with your payments and card transactions made through your company's Brex Account, whether online or in store, such as the purchase details, payment mechanism, amount, location, and any annotations or coding you provide. Transactions can be made through a variety of domestic and international payment mechanisms, such as sending or receiving funds via ACH, wire, or check, or making charges through a payment card.
Linked Data,
including information and documentation relating to you and your company made available by Third-Party Services connected to the Services. Linked Data may be made available to Brex during the application process and after a Brex Account is opened for your company. For example, if you link business bank accounts during or after the application process, or link your bank account to receive or provide expense reimbursements, we will receive
Bank Account Information
about the linked account, like the bank routing and account numbers and account balance. In addition, some Third-Party Services (e.g. accounting systems and business bank accounts) will provide us with information about activities outside of the Services, like your business expenses and your company's external transactions, finances and revenue. Other third party services, like your company's HRIS, may disclose your Authorized User Data, and if your company connects its email service, we may receive your email communications and attachments for processing. We may continue to access and receive Linked Data from a Third-Party Service until it is disconnected by you or your company.
Spend and Workflow Data,
including your company's spend limits and policies, approval hierarchies, and finance workflows.
Travel Data,
including your business travel booking and itinerary. This may include imprecise location information, such as when your travel itinerary indicates you have booked a flight to or hotel in a location.
Receipt and Invoice Data,
including information you submit to us to pay company invoices and process your receipts, such as photos, PDFs, e-mails and SMS messages if you opt-in to text messages, along with associated metadata.
Vendor Data,
including the identity of your Company's vendors and their Business Contact Information, payment details, contracts and purchase orders, and information to complete tax documentation (e.g., the vendor's tax identification number).
B. Information We Collect Automatically
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with our Services, such as when you visit our website or log into your account. We use common information gathering tools, such as tools for collecting usage data, cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to automatically collect information that may contain personal information from your computer or mobile device as you navigate our Services or interact with emails we have sent you. This information includes:
Usage and interaction information.
The full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and Services, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs).
Log data and device Information
, such as IP address, information about your Internet service provider, computer and device information including device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting, authentication and security credential information, access dates and times, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs.
Inferred location information
. We may look up your IP address to determine your general location.
Other identifiers and information contained in cookies and similar tracking technologies
as described in our
Cookie Notice
regarding the cookies we use, why we use them, and how you can control and in some cases, disable cookies and other tracking technology in connection with our Website and Services. If you have access to a Brex Dashboard, this information is also available in the Cookie Preferences section of your Settings.
C. Information We Collect from Other Sources
We collect information about you from other sources, including partners and service providers from whom we receive demographic and business contact information, or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain personal information, as well as customers from whom we receive vendor information. We may combine this information with personal information that you provide. We treat the information obtained from other sources in accordance with any laws or contractual obligations applicable to us. Other sources of information include:
Financial Institution Partners
such as banks (e.g. the bank issuing your Company's card or originating loans to finance Company expenses), card networks, payment processors, money transmitters, or other entities that provide or support delivery of financial services.
Identity Verification, Fraud and Compliance Monitoring, and Financial and Business Information Providers
, which may help us supplement our understanding of your business and its personnel, maintain security, prevent fraud and comply with regulation and contractual obligations.
Vendors
transacting with or supporting our business customers (e.g., merchants and accounting firms). For example, a merchant might supply us with their payment details and tax identification number so our business customers can make bill payments and report on their tax obligations.
Service Providers
, which help us operate our business.
Social Networks and Advertising Providers
, including to help us identify or enrich our understanding of prospective customers, and to serve and measure advertising.
Joint Marketing, Business Partnership, Referrals, and Rewards Partners
that we engage for joint marketing activities and our referrals and rewards programs.
Other Data Suppliers
that provide information about industries, business trends, organizations and other matters related to our business.
Publicly Available Sources
, including information in the public domain that helps us identify potential customers and partners or conduct due diligence and risk management for potential and existing customers.
3. How We Use Your Personal Information
We use information for business and commercial purposes in accordance with the practices described in this Policy. Purposes for using personal information include:
Providing and Maintaining Our Services
. To provide and deliver, operate, and manage our Services, perform customer validation and enable you to use Brex cards and other payment tools, verify financial information to establish spend limits, process transactions related to our Services, including registrations, purchases, and payments.
Communicating with you
. To communicate with you about our Services via different channels (e.g., by phone or email), send you notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies and terms, and to respond to your requests.
Measuring, Troubleshooting, and Improving our Services
. To provide, maintain, improve and develop our Services, including by measuring their use, analyzing their performance, and preventing or addressing technical issues and disruptions. Improving and expanding our products and operations. For example, we may develop or improve Services by analyzing how you use features, the documentation you submit or information associated with your transactions.
Preventing and investigating security and fraud issues
. To prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate potential risk, security issues, suspicious activity, as well as fraudulent or unauthorized transactions and breaches of policies and terms, and threats of harm, including in an automated fashion.
Recommendations and Personalization
. To recommend Brex Services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with Brex Services.
Rewards.
If your Company chooses to participate in our rewards program, to determine eligibility and to facilitate the rewards program effectively.
Advertising and marketing
. To develop, send, and measure advertising, marketing, communications about our products, offers, promotions, rewards, events, Services, and other information based on your preferences. We may also use personal information to administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by Brex or its third-party partners, and to invite you to events and relevant opportunities. For more information about your choices relating to our marketing activities, see “Your Rights and Choices” section below.
Complying with Legal Obligations
. In certain cases, we may have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information to fulfill legal, regulatory and contractual obligations, including when cooperating with government authorities, courts and regulators in accordance with applicable law, maintaining records to demonstrate compliance with applicable law and regulation, protecting our legal rights and pursuing remedies available to us.
Generating Aggregate or De-identified Information.
To develop de-identified information by removing or masking information that could be used to identify you and by aggregating or combining information with other information.
At Your Direction.
To fulfill any other purpose at your direction, including as expressed through your or your Company's use of Services functionality. For example, if you direct us to connect your Brex Account to a Third-Party Service, such as Slack or Uber, we will process that request accordingly.
With Notice to You and Your Consent.
We may otherwise use the information we collect after providing notice to you and obtaining your consent for specific purposes communicated to you.
Notwithstanding the above, we may use information that does not identify you for purposes permitted by law or contractual obligation applicable to us. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we use your Personal Information, please see the "Your Rights and Choices" section below.
4. How We Share Your Personal Information
Maintaining your trust over your personal information is a vital part of our relationship with you. We share information we collect in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. The categories of parties to whom we disclose information are:
Service Providers.
We engage third party companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf, for example cloud infrastructure, website hosting, analytics, collaboration and technical support. Depending on the service, we provide information on a continuous basis (e.g., fraud services) or on an as-needed basis. We contractually prohibit our service providers from retaining, using, or disclosing information about you for any purpose other than performing services for us, although we may permit them to use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law or contractual obligation. Additional information about the subprocessors we use to support delivery of our Services is made available in our
Trust Center
.
Affiliates
. We may share your personal information with our affiliates within the Brex corporate group, as well as companies we may acquire in the future when they become part of the Brex corporate group, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Business Customers.
We disclose information to our business customers to provide Services on their behalf. For example, we may disclose information to your Company to process your payment transactions, provide Services, report on your use of your Company's Brex Account, respond to your and their questions, comply with your and their requests, and otherwise comply with the law. In addition, your Company can assign different roles to Authorized Users, which will have different associated capabilities and permissions. We will disclose information about your use of the Services to other Authorized Users who may include members of your Company's finance department, your manager, a Company service provider or other Company personnel. Business customers are independent entities and their processing of information is subject to their own policies and terms.
Third Party Services.
We make available services and integrations to Third-Party Services and their providers if you or your Company use Third-Party Services in connection with the Services. For example, your Company Authorized User may request integration with third-party applications for payments. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party.
Identity Verification and Validation Services.
We disclose information as necessary to verify your identity and perform other compliance functions.
Security, Fraud Detection and Compelled Disclosure.
We disclose information to comply with the law, regulations, payment network rules, or legal process, investigate suspicious or potentially fraudulent activity, and where required in response to lawful requests by regulators, law enforcement, Financial Institution Partners and public authorities, including to meet national security, anti-money laundering or law enforcement requirements. We will also disclose information to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of us, the Services, our Business, or anyone else.
Financial Institution Partners.
We disclose information to Financial Institution Partners to support their customer identification, risk and compliance programs, and so they can determine eligibility for, and provide, products and services to our business customers, either directly or through us. For example, we may disclose your Contact Information, Identifying Data and other Company information and documentation so a Financial Institution Partner can validate your Company's eligibility to receive, and deliver, card, payments, and international transfer capabilities through our Services.
Brex Rewards.
We may share personal information about you and your Company's Brex Account as necessary to determine your Company's eligibility for rewards and to facilitate the rewards program effectively.
Marketing and Advertising.
We disclose information to vendors, platforms, analytics providers and other parties for marketing and advertising related purposes. For more information on our online advertising practices, see the "Analytics and Advertising" section below. If you connect your bank account to your Company's Brex Account, we will not disclose your bank account Information to market our Business on advertising platforms.
Mergers and Acquisition.
If Brex goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its businesses, services, or assets, your personal information may be among the assets transferred. In accordance with applicable laws, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any transfer of personal information to an unaffiliated third party.
Referrals and Joint Marketing.
We may share information about you and your Company's Brex Account to our partners in connection with facilitating referral partnerships or engaging in joint marketing activities. For example, if you or your Company were referred to us through a referral partner, we may disclose information with our referral partner to confirm the status of your application and to calculate the referral fee.
At Your Request.
We may share personal information at your request or direction.
With Notice to You and Your Consent.
We may otherwise disclose information after providing notice to you and obtaining your consent.
Notwithstanding the above, we may disclose information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by law or contractual obligation applicable to us. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we share information about you, please see the "Your Rights and Choices" section below.
5. How Long We Keep Personal Information
We keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Policy, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements.
Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different Services, actual retention periods can vary significantly. We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information based on the amount, nature and sensitivity of your personal information processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information and whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, as well as applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation).
Please note that our retention obligations may require us to retain your Personal Information after you are no longer an Authorized User or your Company’s Brex Account has closed. These retention obligations may also prohibit us in some cases from deleting Personal Information after you have asked us to delete your Personal Information. When the applicable retention period elapses, we will delete or de-identify your Personal Information in accordance with our policies and procedures.
6. Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising
Where permitted under laws applicable to our Business, we use analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand how users access and use the Website and other aspects of our business. In addition, we work with agencies, advertisers, ad networks, and other technology services to place advertisements on our behalf on other websites and services. For example, we may place ads through Google, LinkedIn and Facebook that you may view on their platforms as well as on other websites and services.
As part of this process, we may use tracking technologies (including incorporating them into our Website and emails), as well as incorporating into our ads displayed on other websites and services. Some of these tracking technologies may track your activities across time and services for purposes of associating the different devices you use, and delivering relevant ads and/or other content to you (
"Interest-based Advertising"
).
For further information on the types of tracking technologies we use and your rights and choices regarding analytics and Interest-based Advertising, please see the "Your Rights and Choices" section below. You will continue to see advertising, including potentially from us, even if you opt out of personalized advertising.
7. International Data Transfers
Personal information we collect may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States or in any other country where we or our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities, operate, or provide services. We maintain primary data centers in the United States. We take steps designed to ensure that the personal information we collect under this Privacy Policy is processed as described in this Privacy Policy and according to any applicable laws.
For personal information transferred from the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, we will provide appropriate safeguards, such as through the use of the relevant standard contractual clauses. For further information on these transfers and the relevant appropriate safeguards, please see the "Additional Disclosures for Data Subjects in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom" section below.
8. Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies to enable our systems to recognize your browser or device, to provide our Services, and to improve your experience. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
. This notice also describes how you may opt out of the use of personal information stored in cookies, such as browser cookies, for targeted or cross-contextual behavioral advertising.
9. Security
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of trust programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from Brex by using encryption protocols and software.
We maintain technical, physical, and organizational safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
However, no security measure or modality of data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. Although we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee absolute security. You are solely responsible for protecting your password, limiting access to your devices, and signing out of websites after your sessions.
10. Your Rights and Choices
Region-Specific Rights.
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have certain rights regarding your personal information. For region-specific terms, please see the bottom of this Privacy Policy. In addition, irrespective of your location, you have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain Brex Services.
Company Brex Account.
Brex Services are intended for use by business customers, and you may only use a Brex Account if you are an Authorized User of a Company that has opened a Brex Account. The information in a Company's Brex Account is governed by our Agreement with the business customer. You should direct questions about Personal Information we are processing on behalf of a Company to that Company's administrators. If you are an Authorized User, you may also be able to access, update, or delete certain information within your Company's Brex Account through the Services, provided that the Company and its administrators are responsible for determining how that data is processed.
Marketing Communications.
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the instructions as provided in emails to click on the unsubscribe link. Please note that you cannot opt-out of non-promotional emails, such as those about your Company's Brex Account, transactions, servicing, or our ongoing business relations. If you have opted in to receiving text or SMS messages related to your use of the Services, you can opt-out at any time by texting "STOP" to the short code. After you send the SMS message "STOP" to us, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. Text messaging originator opt-in data and consent will not be shared, sold, rented or otherwise disclosed by us for marketing purposes.
Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising. You may opt out of online behavioral advertising on the Internet by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative
, or the
Digital Advertising Alliance
opt-out pages. You may also opt out of online behavioral (sometimes called “interest-based” or "cross-contextual") advertising on your mobile device by some mobile advertising companies and other similar entities by downloading the
App Choices App
. Google provides tools to allow you to opt out of the use of certain information collected by Google Analytics at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
and by Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network at
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb
.
Opting out only means that the selected participants should no longer deliver certain targeted ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., in connection with the participants' other customers or from other technology services). Any such targeted advertising will only be carried out to the extent that it is permitted by applicable law. Please note that if you opt out using any of these methods, the opt out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. Except as required by applicable law, we are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any opt-out options or programs, or the accuracy of any other entities' statements regarding their opt-out options or programs.
Browser and devices.
The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. For more information about Brex’s use of cookies and other identifiers, see our
Cookie Notice
.
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track" signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, we do not monitor or take action with respect to "Do Not Track" signals. For more information on "Do Not Track," visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
. Note that if you are a California resident, you may exercise your right to opt-out of sales or sharing through preference signals. Please visit the "Additional Disclosures for California Residents" section below for details.
Please be aware that if you disable or remove tracking technologies some parts of our Services, Website and Business may not function correctly.
11. Children's Personal Information
We do not provide our Services to children. We do not knowingly collect personal information (as defined by the U.S. Children's Privacy Protection Act, or
"COPPA"
) from children under 13. We also do not knowingly "share" or "sell," as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act, the personal information of minors under 16 who are California residents. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have violated this provision, please contact us at the address stated under the "How to Contact Us" section below.
12. Changes to this Privacy Notice
The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, it may be necessary for Brex to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Brex reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we have an existing relationship with you, you represent a Company, or if you are an Authorized User, we may provide you notice through our Website or your Company's Brex Account or directly using the Contact Information provided to us. If we do not have an existing relationship with you---for instance, if you only visit our Website---any notice we provide will be posted to our Website. Any privacy notice is effective upon posting or when it is provided to you. Please review this page periodically, and especially before you provide any personal information to us. This Privacy Policy was last updated to be effective as of the “Last Updated” date indicated at the top. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all personal information we collect, how we use and otherwise process it and under what circumstances we will disclose it to third parties
13. Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or privacy practices, or if you wish to lodge a complaint about our privacy practices, please contact us:
Online:
Brex Privacy Center
By mail: Brex Privacy, 650 S 500 W, Suite 300, Salt Lake City, UT 84101
If you experience any difficulties accessing the information in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@brex.com.
If you have any questions about the Customer Data handled by your Company, please contact your Company’s Administrator.
14. Additional Disclosures for California Residents
These additional disclosures apply only to California residents and only to the extent applicable.
Notice of Collection
The California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA") provides additional rights and requires businesses collecting or disclosing personal information to provide notices and means to exercise rights. In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information enumerated in the CPRA:
Identifiers
, including name, postal address, email address, and online identifiers (such as IP address).
Customer records,
including phone number, billing address, bank account and credit or debit card information.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law,
including gender.
Commercial or transaction information,
including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered.
Internet activity,
including browsing history, search history, and interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement.
Non-Precise Geolocation data.
Employment and education information.
Inferences
drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences.
For further details on personal information we collect, including the sources from which we receive information, review the "Information that Brex Collects" section above. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in the "How We Use Information" section above. We disclose the personal information to the categories of persons set out in the "Disclosure of Information" section above. Please visit those sections for further details.
Right to Know, Correct and Delete
You have the right to know certain details about our data practices. In particular, you may request the following from us:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold or shared;
The categories of persons to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold or shared;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling or sharing the personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
In addition, subject to exceptions, you have the right to correct or delete the personal information we have collected from you.
To exercise any of your rights, please submit a request through our
Privacy Center
. We will confirm receipt of your request and respond to your request within the time limits prescribed by law. We may require specific information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests.
If personal information about you has been processed by us as a service provider on behalf of a business customer, please inquire with the business customer directly to exercise your rights. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our business customer on whose behalf we processed your personal information. We will refer your request to that business customer, and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
Retention
We retain each category of personal information for the length of time that is reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements.
Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. However, we may require signed proof of the agent's permission to do so and verify your identity directly. Requests must be submitted through the designated methods listed above.
Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any of your rights.
Additional Notice and Opt-Out
Under the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"), some marketing activities may be considered a "share" or "sale" even if no money is received for sharing the data. We may share categories of information such as identifiers, characteristics, internet activity, non-precise geolocation data, and inferences with third parties for business purposes, but we do not receive any monetary compensation from those third parties for doing so. The third parties we share with include vendors engaged in cross-context targeted advertising. To the extent that our marketing activities constitute a "share" or "sale" of your personal information, you can opt out. To opt out, you can modify your cookie choices as described in our
Cookie Notice
or activate
Global Privacy Control
on all applicable devices.
Shine the Light
Customers who are residents of California may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties' own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclose such information. To exercise a request, please write to us at privacy@brex.com or the postal address set out in "Contact Us'' above and specify that you are making a "California Shine the Light Request." We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year.
15. Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents
Nevada law (NRS 603A.340) requires each business to establish a designated request address where Nevada consumers may submit requests directing the business not to sell certain kinds of personal information that the business has collected or will collect about the consumer. A sale under Nevada law is the exchange of personal information for monetary consideration by the business to a third party for the third party to license or sell the personal information to other third parties. If you are a Nevada consumer and wish to submit a request relating to our compliance with Nevada law, please refer to the "Contact Us" section above.
16. Additional Disclosures for Virginia Residents
Virginia provides additional rights to Virginia residents through the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA"). This section addresses those rights and applies only to Virginia residents acting in an individual or household context.
You have the following rights under the VCDPA:
To confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information
To access your personal information
To correct inaccuracies in your personal information
To delete your personal information
To obtain a copy of your personal information that you previously provided to us in a portable and readily usable format
To opt out of the processing of personal information for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal information, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you
To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our
Privacy Center
. We will respond to your request within the time limits prescribed by law. We may require specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. If personal information about you has been processed by us as a processor on behalf of a business customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal information, please inquire with the business customer directly. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of the business customer on whose behalf we processed your personal information. We will refer your request to that business customer, and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
17. Additional Disclosures for Data Subjects in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom
Roles
Brex may process personal information in accordance with the instructions of or on behalf of a business customer, including when providing Services to a Company under an agreement. In this context, Brex acts as a processor and the business customer acts as a controller. Brex may also act as a controller when directly determining the processing of personal information in other Business contexts set out in this Policy, like complying with regulatory obligations applicable to our Business.
Lawful Basis for Processing
Data protection laws in Europe require a "lawful basis" for processing personal information. Our lawful bases include where: (a) you have given consent to the processing for one or more specific purposes, either to us or to our service providers, partners, or business customers; (b) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract; (c) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or (d) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or a third party, and your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms do not override those interests.
International Transfers
We may transfer your personal information to our operations in the United States or to our service providers or other third parties in the United States or in other countries - this may involve the transfer of your personal information to countries which have different data protection standards to those which apply in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom.
Some of these countries are subject to a European Commission and/or UK government adequacy decision. For other countries, Brex has put in place the relevant European Commission or UK government-approved standard contractual clauses with the relevant third parties to ensure that your personal information is protected with appropriate safeguards. We may also rely on other permitted data transfer mechanisms.
Your Data Subject Rights
You may have certain statutory rights relating to your personal information. Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to access and rectify your personal information, to require us to erase your personal information or to transfer it to other organizations, and to object to the processing of your personal information. Where we process your personal information because we have a legitimate interest in doing so (as explained above), you may have a right to object to this. You may also have the right to restrict processing of your personal information in certain circumstances. These rights may be limited in some situations, for example, where we can demonstrate that we have legitimate grounds to process your personal information. In addition, you have the right to ask us not to process your personal information (or provide it to third parties to process) for marketing purposes or purposes materially different from those for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. You may withdraw your consent at any time for any processing of your personal information which we do based on consent you have provided to us.
To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our
Privacy Center
. We will respond to your request within the time limits prescribed by law. We may require specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. If your personal information has been processed by us as a processor on behalf of a business customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal information, please inquire with our business customer directly. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our business customer on whose behalf we processed your personal information. We will refer your request to that business customer, and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
Retention of your personal information
Please note that we retain personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected from you and/or our business customers, and may continue to retain and use your personal information for purposes of our legitimate interests and/or as necessary to comply (or demonstrate compliance with) with our legal/regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our rights.
We hope that we can satisfy any queries that you may have about the way we process your personal information. However, if you have any issues with our compliance, you may contact us at privacy@brex.com. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction if you have any unresolved concerns. You can lodge the complaint in the country where you reside, where you work or where any alleged infringement of data protection law occurred.
18. Additional Disclosures for Individuals Located in Brazil
Controller of Personal Information.
Brex, Inc., 650 S 500 W, Suite 300, Salt Lake City, UT 84101 is the data controller for the personal information covered by this Privacy Policy.
Processing.The Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”) requires a legal basis for our use of personal information. Our basis varies depending on the specific purpose for which we use personal information. We use personal information for the following legal bases:
Performance of a contract
, such as when we provide you with our Services, or communicate with you about them. This includes when we use your personal information to process your order, administer your account, provide you with support, and process payments.
Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers
, such as when we operate, develop, or improve our Services, when we analyze your behavior in the course of your interaction with our Services, when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, and when we advertise or market to you through direct marketing.
Your consent
, when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop processing your data for that purpose.
Compliance with a legal obligation
, when we use your personal information to comply with laws.
These and other legal bases
, depending on the purpose for which we use personal information.
Your Rights. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means;
if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
If you wish to do any of these things, please contact us at the address stated under "
Contact Us
" above, stating the country in which you are located.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. We may transfer personal information from Brazil to other countries that may not have the same level of data protection that applies in your jurisdiction. In these cases, we use a variety of legal mechanisms to ensure that the recipient of your personal information offers an adequate level of protection, or where required, we will ask you for your prior consent.
19. Additional Disclosures for Individuals Located in Canada
Your Rights and Choices
Subject to limited exceptions under applicable Canadian law, you may have the right to access, update, correct inaccuracies in, and withdraw consent (subject to reasonable prior notice and applicable legal and contractual restrictions) to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide our Website, Services or other aspects of our Business. To exercise any of these or other rights applicable to you under Canadian privacy laws, please contact us as set out in the "Contact Information" section below. We may require specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request.
If personal information about you has been processed by us on behalf of a business customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with respect to such personal information, we encourage you to inquire with our business customer directly. If you are a resident of the province of Quebec, please note that we transfer and store personal information outside of the province. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our business customer on whose behalf we process your personal information, and we may refer your request to that business customer. We will assist our business customers in responding to your request.
Governance Policies and Practices
We are committed to protecting personal information and have implemented policies and practices that govern our treatment of personal information, including:
policies and procedures regarding the protection, retention and disposition of personal information, including with respect to the implementation of security safeguards designed to protect personal information against loss or theft and unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, and modification;
a framework that sets out roles and responsibilities of our personnel in connection with the handling of information in our possession and control;
a
Trust Center
with information about the security and privacy of our Business, including our compliance with relevant audit standards and security frameworks;
processes for responding to data subject requests and complaints in a timely and effective manner; and
employee data protection training and awareness.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or the manner in which we or our service providers (including our service providers outside Canada) treat your personal information, to withdraw your consent, or to request access to or correction of your personal information, please submit a request through our
Privacy Center
.