Ground Transportation Privacy Notice
UK / English
Other languages:
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Polsku
Romana
Last Updated: June 26, 2023
This Ground Transportation Privacy Notice (“Notice”) describes how Amazon.com and its affiliates  (collectively "Amazon") collect and process your personal information in connection with the pick-up, transportation, delivery, and related services you or your Transportation Company provide to Amazon (the “Services”).
In this Notice, “Transportation Company” means any third party that employs or otherwise engages you to assist in providing the Services. Examples include Delivery Service Partners (DSPs), Amazon Freight Partners (AFPs), and carriers operating in the Relay Program. If you are not employed or otherwise engaged by a third party to assist in providing the Services, references to a Transportation Company do not apply to you.
If you are performing Services as an Amazon employee, this Notice does not cover how we collect and process your personal information; please refer to the privacy notice applicable to your employment instead.
If you are using an Amazon account for purposes other than providing the Services, such as to shop in Amazon stores, the
Amazon Privacy Notice
will apply unless stated otherwise.
Sections
•
Controllers of Personal Information
•
What personal information about me does Amazon collect?
•
For what purposes does Amazon process my personal information?
•
Does Amazon share my personal information?
•
Does Amazon transfer my personal information outside of the country in which I provide Services?
•
How secure is information about me?
•
How long does Amazon keep my personal information?
•
EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection Laws - Legal Basis
•
What rights and choices do I have about my personal information?
•
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
•
Examples of information collected
•
Camera Technology Notice
•
Photo and Facial Recognition Information Use and Retention Notice
Controllers of Personal Information
If the Services you provide consist of the delivery of items to shippers, delivery recipients, or other customers, the Amazon entity that is the controller of your personal information processed according to this Notice will depend on the country you provide Services in – please
click here
for a list. In addition, that Amazon entity is a joint controller together with your Transportation Company, if applicable, for certain data processing activities described in this Notice, for example activities relating to road-safety devices and applications. To contact the controller with any questions about this Notice, e-mail us at
transportation-privacy@amazon.com
.
If the Services you provide consist of the transport of items from a pick-up location to a warehouse such as a sort center or a delivery station, or transport of trailers within Amazon yards (i.e. shunting services), Amazon EU S.à r.l., located at 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, Luxembourg, 1855, Luxembourg, is the controller of your personal information processed according to this Notice. In addition, Amazon EU S.à r.l. is a joint controller together with your Transportation Company, if applicable, for certain data processing activities described in this Notice, for example activities relating to road-safety devices and applications. To contact Amazon EU S.à r.l. with any questions about this Notice, e-mail us at
transportation-privacy@amazon.com
.
What personal information about me does Amazon collect?
Here are the types of personal information we collect:
•
Information you give us
: We receive and store any information you provide to us in connection with the Services.
Click here
to see examples of information you may provide to us.
•
Information related to your visits to Amazon Sites
: We collect and store certain types of information when you visit Amazon locations in connection with the Services (“Amazon Sites”).
Click here
to see examples of information we collect.
•
Information provided by your Transportation Company
: Your Transportation Company or its service providers may provide documents or other information to us that include your personal information for the provision, administration, or audit of the Services. See examples of information collected
here
.
•
Information automatically collected by Amazon Transportation Technology
: We’ll automatically collect and store certain types of information through Amazon Transportation Technology, including any time you are logged into or using Amazon Transportation Technology. “Amazon Transportation Technology” means any applications we ask you to use in order to perform the Services (including the Amazon application used to provide the Services, referred to as the “Amazon Transportation App”) and any devices Amazon provides or asks your Transportation Company or another third party to provide to you in connection with the Services, including devices installed in the vehicle you operate or trailers and other equipment you may haul. Amazon Transportation Technology may include applications or devices that are developed or managed by a third party (“Technology Partner”).
Examples of information we collect include route data and the following:
o
Usage
: We collect data related to the use or operation of Amazon Transportation Technology, such as when a device is in use, application usage and interaction history, any errors or event failures, security and access logs, and connectivity data.
o
Location data
: We collect and store your location and movement data, which may include GPS data, distance travelled, latitude and longitude coordinates, timestamps, and the location and movement of the vehicle you operate or trailers and other equipment you may haul.
o
Facial recognition information
: We may collect and store facial recognition information, such as a scan of your face geometry, for identification purposes. We will ask for your consent before collecting this information. Click
here
for information about our use of facial recognition technology and to see our Photo and Facial Recognition Information Use and Retention Notice.
o
Camera Technology
: If you provide Services through a DSP or AFP, Amazon or companies that partner with Amazon may install safety camera systems or other camera-based technologies in the vehicles provided to you in connection with the Services (“Camera Technology”).
Click here
for additional information about the use of Camera Technology in your location.
Click
here
to see additional examples of information we collect.
•
Information from other sources
: We may receive and store information about you from other sources, including from Technology Partners, service providers, shippers, customers and other delivery recipients, and government authorities such as law enforcement or local councils enforcing speeding or parking fines or investigating accidents. Click
here
to see examples of information we receive. Our use and sharing of information we receive from a third party is covered by this Notice, but the third party’s practices are covered by its own privacy notice.
For what purposes does Amazon process my personal information?
We process your personal information to help ensure your safety and the safety of others, to facilitate and improve the Services, to develop and improve products and services for our customers, to comply with legal obligations, and to protect Amazon, you, and others.
These purposes include:
•
Confirming your identity and eligibility to provide Services
: We process your personal information to verify your identity and to confirm your eligibility to perform the Services in accordance with the requirements and service standards shared with you or your Transportation Company.
•
Supporting your safety and the safety of others
: We process your personal information to support safety programs and in circumstances where your safety or the safety of others may be at risk. To do this effectively, we may need to process your geolocation when you are at an Amazon Site or when you are on the road performing Services. We may also process data relating to your compliance with health and safety rules or standards to improve safety.
•
Managing our contractual relationship with you or your Transportation Company
: We process your personal information to coordinate, manage, and audit the provision of the Services by you or your Transportation Company. We do this to ensure compliance with contractual obligations, policies, and service standards.
•
Providing support to you, your Transportation Company, shippers, our customers, and other delivery recipients
: We process your personal information to provide support to you, your Transportation Company, shippers, our customers, and other delivery recipients to ensure the effective completion of the Services. This includes to plan routes and track delivery or shipment progress, to manage contacts from you, your Transportation Company, shippers, our customers, and other delivery recipients, to communicate with you via different channels (e.g., by phone, SMS, in app communications, or email), and to manage or enhance our customers’ experience.
•
Developing and improving products and services for you, your Transportation Company, and our customers
: We process your personal information to develop, maintain, operate, and improve products and services that we offer you, your Transportation Company, and our customers. For example, we may process your personal information to improve mapping and routing systems, logistics planning, or alert accuracy of in-vehicle safety devices or apps. We also process surveys and other feedback mechanisms to improve our services and the delivery experience.
•
Identifying and addressing fraud, theft, and other incidents
: We process personal information to detect, investigate, resolve, or report (as appropriate) any fraud, theft, or other wrongdoing or incidents, including missing parcels or freight, accidents, and other on-road incidents.
•
Complying with legal obligations and protecting Amazon, you, and others
: In certain cases, we collect and process your personal information to comply with the law. For instance, we may process or share data related to your compliance with health and safety standards or requirements for operating regulated commercial vehicles. We may also process your personal information to enforce or apply our contract with you or your Transportation Company, or to protect the rights or property of Amazon, you or your Transportation Company, our customers, or others. For example, we may process some of your personal information to support insurance claims or other disputes.
•
Purposes for which we seek your consent
: We may also ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
Does Amazon share my personal information?
We share your personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com and its affiliates that are either subject to this Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Notice.
• Your Transportation Company: We may share some of your personal information with your Transportation Company, including your location, the parcels or freight assigned to you, the status of your progress, accidents or other incidents in which you may be involved, and your compliance with health and safety rules or standards. Your Transportation Company may process this information to support its programs and operations, including for safety purposes and to confirm your eligibility to perform the Services, for employment purposes (if applicable), for incident investigations, or as needed in the course of providing the Services.
• Third-party service providers: We may share your personal information with third parties who provide services to us or to your Transportation Company, such as the Technology Partners that install or manage the Amazon Transportation Technology you use, shippers in order to facilitate your check-in at third-party sites, survey companies, or where legally permissible, background check service providers. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not process it for other purposes except with your consent or as permitted or required by law. Further, they must process the personal information in accordance with this Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
• Business transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, relevant business data (which may include your personal information) is generally one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy notice (unless you consent otherwise).
• Shippers, customers, and delivery recipients: We may share some personal information, such as your first name, photo, and location data, with shippers, customers, or other delivery recipients when you are providing Services to protect your safety and the safety of others, to enable shippers, customers, or other delivery recipients to see the status and location of their shipment or delivery, and to improve the shipping or delivery experience.
• Complying with legal obligations and protection of Amazon, you, and others: We may share your personal information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce or apply our contract with you or your Transportation Company, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon, you or your Transportation Company, our customers, or others. For example, we may release some of your personal information for insurance claims, law enforcement requests, or in connection with investigations or legal proceedings.
• Upon your request or authorization: We may share some of your personal information with other parties when you request or authorize us to do so.
Does Amazon transfer my personal information outside of the country in which I provide Services?
Transfers out of EU or UK. We may transfer your personal information to countries outside the country or region where you perform Services, for example, when we or one of our service providers works with employees or equipment in other countries. Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area or the UK, we ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection. We rely on European Commission adequacy decisions or use contracts with standard safeguards published by the European Commission (you can e-mail us at the contact details listed under “Controllers of Personal Information” for a copy of these) and similar measures under UK laws for such transfers.
How secure is information about me?
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
• We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software.
• We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
• It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your log-in, password, and to the Amazon Transportation Technology. Be sure to use strong passwords and to sign off when you finish using a shared device or are no longer providing Services, when applicable.
How long does Amazon keep my personal information?
We keep your personal information for as long as we need it to fulfill the purposes described in this Notice, or, as may be permitted or required by law such as for tax, accounting, or claims management purposes, or as otherwise communicated to you.
What rights and choices do I have about my personal information?
If you have any questions or objection as to how we collect and process your personal information, please contact us at the contact details listed under “Controllers of Personal Information”.
• You can choose not to provide certain information but then you may not be eligible to perform the Services or take advantage of services Amazon may offer you in connection with the Services.
• You may also receive promotional or marketing emails or other communications that are related to the Services you provide. You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails or communications anytime via the applicable unsubscribe link.
In addition, subject to applicable law, you have the right to request access to, correction, and deletion of your personal data, and to ask for data portability. You may also object to our processing of your personal data or ask that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain instances. If you wish to do any of these things, please contact us at the contact details listed under “Controllers of Personal Information”.
EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection Laws - Legal Basis
The EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK data protection laws require a legal basis for our processing of personal information. Our basis varies depending on the specific purpose for which we process personal information. We use:
• Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
• Performance of a contract when we exercise our rights or carry out our obligations under our contract with you for the Services, or communicate with you about them. This includes when we process your personal information to process payments for your services or communicate with your Transportation Company about your location and route status.
• Our legitimate business interests and the interests of you and our customers, including when we exercise our rights or carry out our obligations under our contract with your Transportation Company for the Services as detailed under “Performance of a contract”; when we improve the Services; when we detect and prevent fraud, theft and abuse in order to protect the interests and security of our customers, ourselves, or others; when we process your geolocation and route data to communicate it to shippers, delivery recipients, or other customers or to locate you in the event of an emergency, to plan delivery routes, provide delivery support, track delivery and shipping progress; when we process data related to your compliance with road safety and health & safety rules and standards; when we communicate with you via phone, SMS, chat for assistance when you provide Services .
• Compliance with a legal obligation when we process your personal information in order to comply with laws or to verify or prove that we have done so. This may include processing or sharing data related to your compliance with health and safety standards, regulations and your handling of Amazon customer data in order for us to comply our legal obligations.
• These and other legal bases depending on the purpose for which we process personal information.
Contact, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy at Amazon in relation to the Services, please contact us at
transportation-privacy@amazon.com
with a thorough description and we will answer your questions or try to resolve the issue for you. Depending on where you live, you may also be able to file a complaint with your local data protection authority. Further, the data protection officer for the above-mentioned data controller can be contacted at
eu-privacy@amazon.com
.
Our business changes constantly and this Notice will change also. You should review this Notice frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Notice applies to all information that we have about you in connection with the Services. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of your personal information collected in the past without your consent.
Examples of Information Collected:
Information you give us
. You provide information to us when you:
• Onboard or register to provide Services, including when you create an account and provide information in the Amazon Transportation App(s);
• Answer in app questions, surveys, or provide other feedback to Amazon; and
• Communicate and interact with Amazon personnel, including Amazon support services. We may record phone calls you make to support services, including when you call an Amazon emergency or operations helpline.
As a result of the above actions, you might supply us with information such as: Your name, phone number, email address, home address, date of birth, drivers’ license and photo ID, national identification number, photos, vehicle information, login credentials, information that we use for payment purposes, feedback on routing and the delivery experience, and information regarding on-road accidents or other incidents.
Information from Amazon Transportation Technology.
Examples of information we may collect and analyze through Amazon Transportation Technology include:
• Route data, including when you pick up and deliver parcels or freight and your progress through delivery/shipment routes, activity classification (e.g. walking, driving), and data collected through device sensors such as position and movement;
• Location data, including information about your geolocation and movement, and the device operating the Amazon Transportation App(s) as required for location-based services;
• Vehicle operation and vehicle health information, including telematics data such as location of the vehicle or trailer/container, distance driven, speed, fuel usage or battery consumption, vehicle orientation, and operation of driver assistance technologies;
• Road safety data, including driving behavior (e.g. harsh braking, cornering, acceleration, speeding), potential traffic violations, seatbelt use, and information related to accidents and other on-road incidents. Where both Amazon and your Transportation Company access this safety data, we will together be controllers of this information. We make reasonable efforts to ensure that we or your Transportation Company can associate your identity with this information only where there is a legal obligation to do so and in limited cases aimed at ensuring your safety; and
• Metrics such as your rate of successful or on time deliveries to enable us to manage your or your Transportation Company’s compliance with agreed service standards.
We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications, web pages, and other Amazon Transportation Technologies to collect browsing, usage, or other technical information in order to enhance your user experience, and understand how drivers and Transportation Companies use Amazon Transportation Technologies so we can make improvements. Where we use such technologies for an Amazon Transportation Technology, we will provide more details in a specific cookie notice, and enable you to manage your settings in the context of the user interface of that Amazon Transportation Technology.
Information from your visits to Amazon Sites.
Examples of information we collect and analyze when you visit Amazon Sites include:
• What time you arrive at and leave an Amazon Site, for example, when collecting parcels or returning any undelivered parcels;
• CCTV or other video footage, including footage from trailers or other equipment provided to you at Amazon Sites; and
• Data from automatic license plate readers.
Information from your Transportation Company.
Examples of information we may receive from your Transportation Company or its service providers, where permissible by local laws, include:
• Information or documents provided by you to your Transportation Company, including work permits, registration with health insurance providers, your residence permit, your declaration that you are medically fit to perform the Services, and your national identification number;
• Personnel administration data, including confirmation of completed safety trainings, pay slips, attendance data, your employment contract or contract for services; and
• Information regarding whether you passed a background check, including a criminal check, and the results of drug or alcohol screening.
Information from other sources.
Examples of information we may receive from other sources include:
• Amazon customer surveys, feedback, and complaints;
• Results of surveys conducted by third parties on our behalf;
• Information, including video recordings, from research studies conducted to develop or improve safety programs, products, and services, including video recordings;
• Information on accidents and alleged traffic and parking violations; and
• Information regarding whether you passed a background check, including a criminal check, and the results of drug or alcohol screening.
CAMERA TECHNOLOGY NOTICE
This
Camera Technology Notice
supplements the Ground Transportation Privacy Notice and describes how we collect and process personal information from Camera Technology used when you are providing Services through a DSP or AFP.
What personal information may the Camera Technology collect?
•
Driver identification information
, such as full name and photo.
•
Video recordings
of the vehicle interior (including occupants of the driver and passenger seats) and external views including to the front, right, left, and the rear of the vehicle.  Video recordings are automatically captured while the vehicle is on and for a short period of time after the vehicle is turned off. If the vehicle is turned on but the vehicle has not moved for a certain amount of time, video camera recordings of the cab interior are automatically turned off. This footage may be uploaded from the Camera Technology to secure servers in the following circumstances:
o	When you tell the camera to record and upload, if this feature is available (for example, you may choose to upload video footage manually to document safety concerns or delivery issues);
o	When the camera detects an accident or potential safety incident, such as a failure to stop at a stop sign or at a red light, unsafe following distance, speeding, distracted driving (e.g. using a handheld device while operating the vehicle), or an emergency braking event;
o	When information useful to improve maps and routing is detected; and
o	If still available, when Amazon or your Transportation Company requests it in compliance with applicable law, such as when the footage could be useful in connection with an investigation. Footage that is not uploaded remains encrypted and is automatically overwritten so that there is never more than a limited amount of footage stored on the Camera Technology.
Neither Amazon nor your Transportation Company will access footage of the cab interior, except when you initiate recording or to the extent required by Amazon or its Technology Partners to verify the accuracy of in-vehicle alerts, or as otherwise permitted under applicable law.
•
Information related to your operation of the vehicle
including:
o	Vehicle location and movements, such as distance driven, speed, acceleration, braking, turns, or following distance;
o	Contextual factors outside the vehicle, such as traffic lights and traffic signs, proximity to other vehicles, or whether the vehicle is in a construction or school zone;
o	Potential traffic violations, such as speeding, seatbelt non-compliance, or failure to stop at a stop sign; and
o	Potentially unsafe driving behaviors, such as distracted or drowsy driving.
How may Amazon and your Transportation Company  process the personal information collected?
We process your personal information for the purposes noted in the Ground Transportation Privacy Notice, including:
• To promote your safety, and the safety of Amazon personnel and others, including by providing real-time in-vehicle alerts when potentially unsafe conditions or behavior are detected, and to support advanced safety features and driver assistance technologies.
• To manage Amazon’s contractual relationship with you or your Transportation Company, including assessing your or your Transportation Company’s compliance with Amazon policies and service standards.
• To support safety programs and operations, such as to generate safety reports that your Transportation Company can use to recognize positive and safe driving practices or to provide feedback and training regarding proper road safety conduct.
• To investigate accidents or other incidents, to support insurance claims or disputes, or to support legal proceedings.
• To troubleshoot and improve Amazon’s services, the delivery experience, or the Amazon Transportation Technology, including to improve the accuracy of mapping, routing, and navigation data or to verify and improve the accuracy and precision of event detection capabilities and in-vehicle alerts.
Who will have access to your personal information from Camera Technology?
•
Your Transportation Company
.  Your personal information may be made available to your Transportation Company, including through a secure portal hosted by us or the relevant Technology Partner. Your Transportation Company may use this information to support its safety programs and operations, for employment purposes (if applicable), for incident investigations, or as needed in the course of providing the Services.
•
Amazon personnel and group companies
.  We may make your personal information available to designated Amazon personnel, including those who are responsible for the safety of drivers, investigation of accidents and on-road incidents, and the accuracy of in-vehicle alerts.  Your personal information may also be disclosed by Amazon to other Amazon affiliates on a need-to-know basis or where such entities otherwise have lawful access to your personal information. All Amazon entities we share your information with are either subject to this Camera Technology Notice or follow practices that are at least as protective as those described in this Camera Technology Notice.
•
Third-party service providers
.  Third-party service providers are permitted to access, process, and retain your personal information only for the purpose of providing services to Amazon or to your Transportation Company or to improve services provided to Amazon or to your Transportation Company as described in this Camera Technology Notice and only in a manner consistent with this Camera Technology Notice.  Our Technology Partners provide safeguards that meet Amazon standards regarding the confidentiality and security of your personal information. For example, they must comply with our data security standards, data protection laws, and international transfer restrictions, may only have access to personal information needed to perform their functions and may not process it for other purposes than providing the agreed services.
•
Insurers, authorities, opposing parties, and professional advisors
. Under appropriate circumstances, such as insurance claims, disputes, investigations, or legal proceedings, your personal information may be disclosed to insurers, courts, governmental or administrative authorities, opposing parties, professional advisors, or as otherwise permitted under applicable laws.
Amazon does not otherwise share personal information collected from Camera Technology with any third parties and does not sell such personal information.
Please refer to the Ground Transportation Privacy Notice for additional information, including how your personal information is secured, how to exercise your rights under applicable laws, and who to contact with privacy questions or concerns.
Photo and Facial Recognition Information Use and Retention Notice
Amazon may require users of the Amazon Transportation Technology to provide a photo for identification purposes. Amazon may derive a scan of your face geometry or similar biometric data for identification purposes (“Facial Recognition Information”) from (i) your provided photos, and (ii) your driver’s license or government-issued ID.  Amazon processes your Facial Recognition Information derived from such photos for identification purposes, including to ensure your log-in credentials are not misused by a third party. We will seek your consent before collecting your Facial Recognition Information. If you choose not to consent or you withdraw your consent to this method of identity verification, Amazon will instead verify your identity through other means and will do so on the basis of Amazon’s legitimate interest in ensuring your safety and that of others, and in preventing fraud. Your photo may also be used on your in-app ID card and to identify you to Amazon personnel, shippers, customers, and other delivery recipients.
This Notice governs our retention of your photos and Facial Recognition Information in connection with your provision of Services (as defined in the Ground Transportation Privacy Notice). Amazon generally retains your Facial Recognition Information only for as long as it takes to complete the verification of your identity, which usually takes a few days. Thereafter, Amazon will promptly delete the Facial Recognition Information.  Amazon will retain your photos while you use the Amazon Transportation Technology and thereafter for so long as permitted by law.
Amazon may disclose your photos to our third-party providers or have such third-party providers collect your photo directly via use of their technology, but such third-party providers will only be permitted to access, process, retain, and share Facial Recognition Information for the purpose of providing services to Amazon or improving services provided to Amazon as described in this Notice and only in a manner consistent with this Notice. Amazon does not otherwise share your photos or Facial Recognition Information with any third parties and does not sell your photos or Facial Recognition Information.
Data controllers for Services consisting of the delivery of items to shippers, delivery recipients, or other customers (Europe)
Country in which you provide services/ are employed
UK
IE
FR
IT
ES
DE
AT
BE
NL
Controller
Amazon UK Services Limited, located at 1 Principal Place, Worship Street, London, EC2A 2FA, UK
Amazon Ireland Support Services Limited, located at Unit 27, 6400 Cork Airport Business Park, Kinsale Road, Cork, Ireland
Amazon France Transport SAS, located at 67 boulevard du Général Leclerc, Clichy, 92110, France
Amazon Italia Transport S.R.L., located at Viale Monte Grappa 3/5, Milano, 20124, Italy
Amazon Road Transport Spain, S.L.U., located at Calle Ramirez de Prado, Num. 5, Madrid, 28045, Spain
Amazon Deutschland Transport GmbH, located at Marcel-Breuer-Str. 12, Muenchen, 80807, Germany or, if different, the entity you or your Transportation Company contracted with to provide Services
Amazon Transport Austria GmbH, located at Julius Raab-Str. 26, Grossebersdorf, 2203, Austria
Amazon Transport Belgium S.R.L., located at Avenue des Arts 27, Brussels, 1040, Belgium
Amazon Transport (Netherlands) B.V., located at Johanna Westerdijkplein 1, 's-Gravenhage, 2521 EN, Netherlands
© 2023, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GX7NJQ4ZB8MHFRNJ:
Main content
Search
ALT
+
/
Basket
shift
+
ALT
+
C
Home
shift
+
ALT
+
H
Orders
shift
+
ALT
+
O
Show/Hide shortcuts
shift
+
ALT
+
Z
To move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows.
Find more solutions
Security and Privacy
›
Legal Policies
›
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: 1 August, 2024
To see prior version, click
here
.
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate
            your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes
            how we collect and process your personal information through Amazon websites, devices,
            products, services, online and physical stores, and applications that reference this
            Privacy Notice (together "Amazon Services").
Controllers of Personal Information
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Europe Collect?
For What Purposes Does Amazon Europe Process Your Personal Information?
What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
Does Amazon Europe Share Your Personal Information?
How Secure Is Information About Me?
What About Advertising?
What Information Can I Access?
What Choices Do I Have?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
EU-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection Laws - Legal Basis
Contacts, Notices and Revisions
Related Practices & Information
Examples of Information Collected
1. Controllers of Personal Information
Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU SARL, and Amazon Media EU SARL, all three at 38
            avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg and Amazon Digital UK Limited of 1 Principal
            Place, Worship Street, London, EC2A 2FA, UK (together "Amazon Europe") are data controllers
            of personal information collected and processed through Amazon Services. Details can
            be found
here
.
2. What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Europe Collect?
We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our
                  products and services.
Here are the types of personal information we collect:
Information you give us:
we receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services.
                        Click
here
to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information
                        but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services.
Automatic information:
we automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of
                        Amazon Services including your interaction with content and services available through
                        Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use cookies and other unique identifiers and
                        we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Amazon
                        Services and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon Europe on other websites.
                        Click
here
to see examples of what we collect.
Information from other sources:
we might receive information about you from other sources such as updated delivery
                        and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and
                        deliver your next purchase more easily. Click
here
to see examples of the information we receive.
3. For What Purposes Does Amazon Europe Process Your Personal Information?
We process your personal information to operate, provide, and improve the Amazon Services
                  that we offer our customers. These purposes include:
Purchase and delivery of products and services.
We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and
                  services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services,
                  and promotional offers.
Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services.
We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyse performance, fix
                  errors, and improve usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services.
Recommendations and personalisation.
We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that
                  might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalise your experience
                  with Amazon Services.
Provide voice, image and camera services
. When you use our voice, image and camera services, we process your voice input,
                  images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide
                  the requested service to you, and improve our Amazon services. For more information
                  about Alexa voice services click
here
.
Comply with legal obligations.
In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws.
                  For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment
                  and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes.
Communicate with you.
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services
                  via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat).
Advertising.
We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products,
                  and services that might be of interest to you. To learn more, please read our
Interest-Based Ads notice
.
Fraud prevention and credit risks.
We process personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to
                  protect the security of our customers, Amazon Europe, and others. We may also use
                  scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for which we seek your consent.
We may also ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific
                  purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal
                  information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and
                  we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
4. What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
We use cookies and similar tools to enhance your shopping experience, provide our
            services, understand how customers use our services so we can make improvements, and
            display ads. Approved third parties also use these tools in connection with our display
            of ads. To enable our systems to recognise your browser or device and to provide Amazon
            Services to you, we use cookies. For more information about cookies and how we use
            them, please read our
Cookies Notice
. You can manage your cookie preferences
here
.
5. Does Amazon Europe Share Your Personal Information?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not
               in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others. Amazon Europe
               shares customers' personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com,
               Inc. and the subsidiaries that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to
               this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described
               in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions involving third parties:
We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by
                        third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products
                        from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application
                        providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services.
                        We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses,
                        such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your
                        transactions and we share customer personal information related to those transactions
                        with that third party.
Third party service providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples
                        include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal
                        mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data,
                        providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid
                        listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, assessing and managing
                        credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers have
                        access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use
                        it for other purposes. Further, they must process the personal information in accordance
                        with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
Business transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or
                        services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred
                        business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy
                        Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely
                        event that Amazon.com, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer
                        information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Amazon Europe and others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate
                        to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements;
                        or protect the rights, property or safety of Amazon Europe, our users or others. This
                        includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection
                        and credit risk reduction.
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about
                        you might be shared with third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose
                        not to share the information.
Transfers out of the European Economic Area and the UK.
Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic
            Area or the UK, we ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this
            Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection. We rely
            on European Commission adequacy decisions or use contracts with standard safeguards
            published by the European Commission (you can ask
Customer Service
for a copy of these) and similar measures under UK laws for such transfers.
6. How Secure is Information About Me?
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by
                        using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling
                        credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the
                        collection, storage and disclosure of personal customer information. Our security
                        procedures mean that we may ask you to verify your identity before we disclose personal
                        information to you.
Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorised access and
                        loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs.
                        Click
here
for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and
                        to your computers, devices, and applications. We recommend using a unique password
                        for your Amazon account that is not utilized for other online accounts. Be sure to
                        sign off when you finish using a shared computer. For more information on how to sign
                        off click
here
.
7. What About Advertising?
Third-party advertisers and links to other websites:
Amazon Services may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and
                        apps. Third party advertising partners may collect information about you when you
                        interact with their content, advertising, and services. For more information about
                        third-party advertising at Amazon Europe, including interest-based ads, please read
                        our
Interest-Based Ads notice
. To adjust your advertising preferences, please go to the
Advertising Preferences page
.
Use of third-party advertising services:
We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more
                        useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share
                        your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead,
                        we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, a device identifier, or a code derived
                        from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email address.
                        For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will share your advertising
                        identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download
                        the app again. While we do not share your specific shopping actions like purchases,
                        product views, or searches with ad companies, we may share an advertising identifier
                        and an estimate of the value of the ads they show you on our behalf so they can serve
                        you with more effective Amazon ads. Some ad companies also use this information to
                        serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more about how to opt-out
                        of interest-based advertising by going to the
Advertising Preferences page
.
8. What Information Can I Access?
You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile
            information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the "Your
            Account" section of the website. Click
here
for a list of examples that you can access.
9. What Choices Do I Have?
If you have any questions or objection as to how we collect and process your personal
            information, please contact our
Customer Service
. Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide you with options
            as to how your information is being used.
As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information but then you
                        might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the
Information You Can Access?
section. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the previous version
                        for our records.
If you don't want to receive e-mail or other communications from us, please adjust
                        your
Customer Communication Preferences
. If you don't want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification
                        settings in the app or your device.
If you don't want to see interest based-ads, please adjust your
Advertising Preferences page
.
The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser
                        or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you
                        receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether. Because cookies allow you
                        to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that
                        you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies,
                        you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or
                        use any Amazon Services that require you to Sign in. For more information about cookies,
                        see our
Cookies Notice
.
You can consent to or withdraw consent from third party advertising cookies
here
.
If you want to browse our websites without linking browsing activity to your account,
                        you may do so by logging out of your account
here
and disabling cookies on your browser.
You can manage the recommendations you receive in our store
here
, remove recommendations you don't want to see
here
(select a recommendations tile for products you have not previously purchased, select
                        View All and Manage, then select the Remove Items toggle), and edit your browsing
                        history
here
.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose,
                        you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop any further processing
                        of your data for that purpose.
You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data processing by updating
                        your settings on the applicable Amazon website (e.g., in "Manage Your Content and
                        Devices"), device, or application. For more information click
here
. Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions
                        (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls
                        are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change
                        your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you
                        contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer as different devices
                        may have different permission settings.
If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in
Seller Central
, update your account information by accessing your
Seller Account Information
, and adjust the email or other communications you receive from us by updating your
Notification Preferences
.
If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the
                        Author Portal and Author Central by accessing your accounts in the
Author Portal
and
Author Central
, respectively.
In addition, subject to applicable law, you have the right to request access to, correct,
            and delete your personal data, and to ask for data portability. You may also object
            to our processing of your personal data or ask that we restrict the processing of
            your personal data in certain instances. If you wish to do any of these things, please
            contact
Customer Service
or, to submit a data subject access request, go to
Request My Data
.
10. Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
Amazon Europe doesn't sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products
            for purchase by adults. If you're under 18, you may use Amazon Services only with
            the involvement of a parent or guardian. For more information on how we handle personal
            information for Amazon Services intended for children under the age of 13, please
            read our
Children Privacy Notice
.
11. How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of Amazon Services,
            for as long as it is required in order to fulfil the relevant purposes described in
            this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law such as for tax and accounting purposes,
            or as otherwise communicated to you. For example, we retain your transaction history
            so that you can review past purchases (and repeat orders if desired) and what addresses
            you have shipped orders to, and to improve the relevancy of products and content we
            recommend.
12. EU-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon.com, Inc. and certain of its controlled US
affiliates
(together, the Amazon Group Companies, or "We") participate in the EU-US Data Privacy
            Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and Swiss-US Data
            Privacy Frameworks* regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
            from European Union and European Economic Area member countries, the United Kingdom,
            and Switzerland. We have certified with the Department of Commerce that we adhere
            to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework
            Principles, see
here
.
If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information
            under the Data Privacy Framework, or about our privacy practices generally, please
            contact us at: eu-privacy@amazon.co.uk. We will respond to your inquiry promptly.
            If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily,
            please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge)
            at
https://www.verasafe.com/public-resources/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/
. If neither Amazon nor our provider resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding
            arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. To learn more about the Data
            Privacy Framework Panel, see
here
.
As explained
here
we sometimes provide personal information to third parties to perform services on
            our behalf. If we transfer personal information received under the Data Privacy Framework
            to a third party, the third party's access, use, and disclosure of the personal information
            must also be in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, and we will
            remain liable under the Data Privacy Framework for any failure to do so by the third
            party unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
You can review our Data Privacy Framework registration
here
. The Amazon Group Companies are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers
            of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). We may be required to disclose personal information
            that we handle under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by
            public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
*
We will not rely on the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework or the UK Extension to the
               EU-US Data Privacy Framework until each enters into force, but we adhere to their
               required commitments in anticipation of their doing so.
13. EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection Laws - Legal Basis
The EU GDPR and UK data protection laws require a legal basis for our use of personal
               information. Our basis varies depending on the specific purpose for which we use personal
               information. We use:
Performance of a contract
when we provide you with products or services, or communicate with you about them.
                        This includes when we use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver
                        products and services, and process payments.
Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers
when we improve Amazon services (including when we use your voice, video, or camera
                        input to improve services), when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to
                        protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, and when we provide you
                        with interest-based advertising.
Your consent
when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific
                        purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal
                        information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and
                        we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
Compliance with a legal obligation
when we use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect
                        seller place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification
                        purposes.
These and other legal bases
depending on the purpose for which we use personal information.
14. Contacts, Notices & Revisions
If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon Europe or want to contact one of our
            data controllers, please
Customer Service
with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you. Further,
            the data protection officer for the above mentioned data controllers can be contacted
            at eu-privacy@amazon.co.uk. You can file a complaint with our principal supervisory
            authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, the
Information Commissioner's Office
, or with another local authority.
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should
            check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current
            Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
            We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our
            policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected
            in the past without the consent of affected customers.
15. Related Practices & Information
Conditions of Use and Sale
Help Desk
Most Recent Purchases
Your Profile and Community Guidelines
16. Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services
You provide information to us when you:
search for products or services in our stores;
place an order through Amazon Services;
download, stream, view, or use content on a device, or through a service or application
                        on a device;
provide information in
Your Account
(and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address or
                        mobile number when shopping with us) or
Your Profile
;
talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service;
upload your contacts;
configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with
                        an Amazon device or service;
provide information in your
Seller Account
,
Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP)
account, Developer account or any other account we make available that allows you
                        to develop or offer software, goods, or services to Amazon customers;
offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;
communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;
upload or stream images, videos or other files to Prime Photos, Amazon Drive, or other
                        Amazon Services;
compile Playlists, Watchlists, Wish Lists or gift registries;
Participate in community features, provide and rate
Customer Reviews
;
specify a Special Occasion Reminder; or
employ Product Availability Alerts, such as Available to Order Notifications.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as: your name;
                  address and phone number; payment information; your age; your location information;
                  your IP address; people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses ; e-mail
                  addresses of your friends and other people; content of reviews and e-mails to us;
                  personal description and photograph in
Your Profile
; voice recordings when you speak to Alexa; images and video collected or stored in
                  connection with Amazon Services, information and documents regarding identity and
                  standing; corporate and financial information; credit history information; VAT numbers;
                  and device log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose
                  to automatically synchronise them with your other Amazon devices.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyse include:
the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet;
login; e-mail address; password;
the location of your device or computer;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback
                        details including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and network
                        details for streaming and download quality, including information about your internet
                        service provider;
device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data,
                        and any errors or event failures;
Amazon Service metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions
                        with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information,
                        location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images
                        and files (e.g., file name, dates, times and location of your images));
version and time zone settings;
purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information
                        from other customers to create features such as Best Sellers;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website
                        (including date and time); cookie number; products and/ or content you viewed or searched
                        for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page
                        interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs),
phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and
images or videos when you shop in our stores using Amazon Services.
We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications
                  and our web pages to collect browsing, usage or other technical information for fraud
                  prevention purposes.
Information From Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties,
                        which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication
                        more easily;
account information, purchase or redemption information and page-view information
                        from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide
                        technical, fulfillment, advertising or other services;
information about your interactions with products and services offered by our subsidiaries;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links);
information about internet-connected devices and services that you've linked with
                        Alexa; and
credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect
                        fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include:
status of recent orders (including subscriptions);
your complete order history;
personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications
                        and personalised advertising preferences, address book and 1-Click settings);
payment settings (including payment card information and gift voucher, gift card and
                        cheque balances);
e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Deliveries, Special
                        Occasion Reminders, and newsletters);
recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations
                        (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);
shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries);
your content, devices, services, and related settings, and communications and interest-based
                        advertising preferences;
content that you recently viewed;
voice recordings associated with your account;
Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal
                        profile).
If you are a seller, you can access your account and other information, and adjust
                        your communications preferences, by updating your account in
Seller Central
.
If you are an author, you can access your account and other information, and update
                        your account, on the
Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP)
or
Author Central
website, as applicable.
If you are a developer participating in our Developer Services Program, you can access
                        your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by
                        updating your account in the Developer Services Portal, developers.amazon.com.
Was this information helpful?
Yes
No
Thank you for your feedback.
Please select what best describes the information:
This information is confusing or wrong
This isn't the information I was looking for
I don't like this policy
Submit
Thanks. While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, 
	we'll use this information to improve our online Help.
‹
All help topics
Legal Policies
Conditions of Use & Sale
Privacy Notice
Amazon Anti-Counterfeiting Policy
Non-Exhaustive List of Amazon Trademarks
Previous versions of Legal policies
Miscellaneous Reporting
Children's Privacy Notice
Fair Use Policy
Human Rights and Environmental Grievances
Communications with Amazon Employees
3rd Party Licensing Notice
Quick solutions
Your orders
                                            Track and return orders
Your orders
Track and return orders
Returns and refunds
                                            Return or exchange items
Returns and refunds
Return or exchange items
Carrier info
                                            Delivery carrier information
Carrier info
Delivery carrier information
Manage Prime
                                            Cancel or view benefits
Manage Prime
Cancel or view benefits
Payment settings
                                            Add or edit payment methods
Payment settings
Add or edit payment methods
Account settings
                                            Change email or password
Account settings
Change email or password
Sub-policy 1
https://logistics.amazon.co.uk/marketing/transportation-privacy@amazon.com:
