IGNrando’ mobile application Privacy policy
Last updated April 14, 2021.
The IGNrando’ mobile application is developed and operated by SAS Ubicarta (“Ubicarta”).
This Privacy Policy applies to the following services operated by Ubicarta (“the service”):
ubicarta.com and any other website owned and / or operated by Ubicarta containing a link to this Privacy policy
The IGNrando’ Mobile Application ’(“the Application”)
1. The information we collect and how it is used
When you contact us or interact with our Service, we collect information that, on its own or in combination with other information, could be used to identify you (“Personal Data”) as follows:
Login details
Information that your device automatically sends to IGN each time you use the application. These data are saved in your device in order to facilitate connection to the services of the site https://ignrando.fr. If you contact us, we may keep a record of this correspondence.
Geolocation data
If you have enabled location services for the app, we may collect accurate information about your location based on city, state, zip code, country, latitude and longitude. Geolocation Data is used to direct you to nearby trails and parks and to provide you with other relevant content and services.
Device data
Include device name and operating system. The information collected may depend on the type of device you are using and its settings.
2. Data retention
We retain Personal Data for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, for as long as we have a legitimate business need or as required by law (for example, for tax purposes. , legal, accounting or other), the longer period being taken into account.
If you have chosen to receive marketing communications from us, we will retain information about your marketing preferences until you opt out of receiving such communications and in accordance with our policies.
In determining the appropriate retention period for your Personal Data, we will take into account the amount, nature and sensitivity of such Personal Data, the potential risk of harm resulting from the unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we use your Personal Data and whether we can achieve those objectives by other means, as well as applicable legal requirements.
3. Updating your information
If you need to change or correct your Personal Data, please contact us at contact@ubicarta.com. We will respond to your request under the conditions provided for by the legislation in force.
4. Children
Our Service is not intended for children under the age of 13. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Ubicarta through the Service, please contact us at contact@ubicarta.com and we will endeavor to remove this information from our databases.
5. Data controller
Ubicarta is responsible for processing your Personal Data.
6. Changes to the Privacy Policy
The Service and our activities may change from time to time. Accordingly, we may change this Privacy Policy at any time. In this case, we will post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by applicable law. By continuing to use our Service or providing us with Personal Data after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you where applicable, you agree to the revised Privacy Policy and practices that are described there.
7. Security
You use the service at your own risk. We adhere to industry standards to protect Personal Data online and offline against loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. However, no transmission over the Internet or by e-mail is completely secure or error-free. In particular, emails that you send to us or that we send to you may not be secure. Therefore, you should use special care in deciding what information you send to us through the Service or by email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing Personal Data to Ubicarta via the Internet. Further, we are not responsible for circumventing any privacy settings or security measures contained in the Service or on third party websites.
8. Contact us
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at contact@ubicarta.com.
Share: