Terms & Conditions
By accessing the website MyMSC.com, you agree to be bound by the
        following
        terms and conditions which includes the Data Privacy Policy (“Terms”).
        You understand, agree
        and acknowledge that these Terms constitute a legally binding agreement
        and that your use of MyMSC.com
        indicates your conclusive acceptance of this agreement.
You acknowledge and agree that MyMSC.com contains proprietary and
        confidential information including
        trademarks, service marks and patents protected by intellectual property
        laws and international intellectual
        property treaties. Materials on this website may not be modified or
        publicly
        displayed, distributed or used
        for purposes other than the intended purpose.
You understand and agree that your use of MyMSC.com is entirely at your
        own
        risk. MSC Mediterranean
        Shipping Company SA (MSC) does not make any express or implied
        warranties,
        endorsements or
        representations whatsoever as to the operation of MyMSC.com. While MSC
        has
        exercised its reasonable
        endeavours to ensure the information, content and materials provided are
        accurate, errors can occur and
        information, content and materials may become outdated; therefore we
        strongly recommend that you
        check items critical to you by contacting your local MSC agency for
        confirmation and/or recheck the
        information, content or materials on this website just before booking.
We do not warrant or offer any assurances that the website is compatible
        with your computer equipment or
        network through which access to the website is gained or that the use of
        the
        website will not lead to viruses
        or similar destructive software. You are responsible for ensuring that
        your
        own equipment has appropriate
        security and virus protection features. You are responsible for
        configuring
        your information technology,
        computer programmes and platform to access this website.
We do not guarantee that this website, or any content on it, will always
        be
        available or be uninterrupted.
        We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any
        part
        of this website for business and
        operational reasons.
If you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any
        other
        piece of information as part of
        our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential
        and
        not disclose it to any third
        party and must only use it for the intended purpose.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password,
        whether chosen by you or allocated
        by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to
        comply
        with any of the provisions of these
        terms of use. If you know or suspect any unauthorized or fraudulent use
        of
        identification code or password,
        you must promptly notify us.
You must not misuse this website by knowingly introducing viruses,
        trojans,
        worms, logic bombs or other
        material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not
        attempt
        to gain unauthorised access to
        this website, the server on which this website is stored or any server,
        computer or database connected to
        this website. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service
        attack or
        a distributed denial-of service
        attack. We will report any breach of this provision to the relevant law
        enforcement authorities and we will
        co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them.
        In
        the event of such a breach, your
        right to use this website will cease immediately.
We and any of our subsidiaries or affiliates shall in no event be liable
        for
        any indirect, incidental,
        consequential, or exemplary damages. This shall include, but not be
        limited
        to damages for loss of profits,
        business interruption, business reputation or goodwill, loss of programs
        or
        information or other intangible
        loss arising out of the use of or the inability to use the service, or
        information, or any permanent or
        temporary cessation of such service or access to information, or the
        deletion or corruption of any content or
        information, or the failure to store any content or information. The
        above
        limitation shall apply whether or
        not we have been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility
        of
        such damages.
We reserve the right to modify these Terms from time to time at our sole
        discretion and without any notice.
        Changes to our Terms become effective on the date they are posted and
        your
        continued use of MyMSC.com
        after any changes to Terms will signify your agreement to be bound by
        them.
Data Privacy Policy
The present Data Privacy Policy (“Policy”) forms part of the Terms. For
        the
        purpose of the Policy, the
        following definitions apply:
“Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or
        identifiable natural person. A natural
        person is identifiable by taking into account all the means reasonably
        likely to be used, such as singling out,
        either by the Data Controller or by another person to identify the
        natural
        person directly or indirectly.
“Data Controller” means the natural or legal person which determines the
        purposes and means of the
        processing of Personal Data.
MSC is committed, as Data Controller, to protect your Personal Data when
        using MyMSC.com.
Your Personal Data will be collected and processed for the time necessary
        to
        provide you with the requested
        services accessible through MyMSC.com. Only authorized personnel of MSC
        will
        have access to your
        Personal Data.
The collection and processing of the following Personal Data is necessary
        for MSC to provide you with the
        requested services:
your contact details which include your first and last name, phone
          number,
          and postal address;
your company name and job position;
your email address;
your booking number;
your container number.
You acknowledge to have been informed that some of the recipients of your
        Personal Data are located in
        third countries which is justified by the structure of the services.
        These
        countries may not have the same
        level of protection as provided by your applicable data privacy law.
You have the right to access and rectify any Personal Data about you via
        MyMSC.com, where available, or by
        filing our dedicated form.
Any questions relating to your Personal Data should be addressed to:
CH001-data.protection@msc.com
.
For legitimate grounds, you may in addition oppose to the processing of
        your
        data or request their deletion.
        In this case, you are aware that your booking could be rejected for lack
        of
        necessary information.
Return to myMSC