Terms of Service
This app is operated by EichGnomies GmbH & Co. KG. Throughout the document, the terms “we”, “us” and
      “our” refer to EichGnomies GmbH & Co. KG. EichGnomies GmbH & Co. KG offers this app, including all information,
      tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance
      of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
By visiting our app / website and / or purchasing something from us, you engage in our
      “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”,
      “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein
      and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site,
      including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or
      contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By
      accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If
      you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access
      the website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance
      is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the
      Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time
      on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of
      Service by posting updates and / or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check
      this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the app or website
      following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
You may also be required to register an account on our App / Website. By registering for an
      account or otherwise using our Service, you represent that you are age 13 or older. If you are
      between the ages of 13 and 17, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed
      to these terms.
1. General conditions
We reserve the right to refuse Service to anyone for any reason at any time.
      You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred
      unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform
      and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information
      is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the
      Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through
      which the Service is provided, without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or
      otherwise affect these Terms.
2. License
Subject to your agreement and continuing compliance with these Terms of Service and any other
      relevant policies, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable,
      revocable and limited license to access and use the Service for your own non-commercial
      entertainment purposes. You agree not to use the Service for any other purpose.
By using our Service you agree to the following restrictions:
You must use our Service for non commercial purposes only.
You must not transfer your account to another person, be it for free or for a charge
You must be at least 13 years of age to use this Service and you must not make this Service
        available for anybody who is younger than 13 years.
In addition the license granted by us to you come with the following limitations
You shall not interact with the Service in any form that conflicts with the spirit of the
        Service as intended by us.
You shall not use any form of cheats, exploits or other methods to access content or perform
        actions in the Service which changes the experience of the Service.
You shall not modify, reverse engineer or otherwise modify the Service provided by us.
You shall not disrupt, compromise or otherwise interfere with the Service.
You shall not interact with the Service in any form which may insult, hurt or otherwise harm
        others.
You shall not collect or publish information which is made available by others as part of
        our Services.
You shall not use our Service in any illegal form or to conduct illegal business of any
        kind.
We deserve the right to determine which behaviour is appropriate and take actions to limit you
      from acting inappropriately with our Service.
3. Suspensions and termination of your account
WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER REMEDIES, WE MAY LIMIT, SUSPEND, TERMINATE, MODIFY, OR DELETE YOUR
      ACCOUNT OR ACCESS TO THE SERVICE IF YOU ARE, OR WE SUSPECTS THAT YOU ARE, FAILING TO COMPLY
      WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR FOR ANY ACTUAL OR SUSPECTED ILLEGAL OR IMPROPER USE OF
      THE SERVICE, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU. AS A RESULT OF ACCOUNT TERMINATION YOU CAN LOSE
      ITEMS, PURCHASES OR ANY OTHER ASSOCIATED SERVICES. WE ARE IN NO WAY OBLIGED TO COMPENSATE YOU
      FOR ANY OF THOSE LOSSES.
In addition we reserve the right to stop the Service at any time without prior notice. At this
      point we are not required to provide refunds for any purchases or otherwise provide
      compensation.
4. Ownership
All rights, title and interest in the Service are owned by use. By using our Service you agree
      to that you have no ownership in any account. We reserve the right to terminate any account
      that has been inactive for 60 days.
5. Modifications to the Service and prices
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
      We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content
      thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change,
      suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
6. Purchases
In our Service you may purchase, with "real world" money, a limited, personal,
      non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to items inside the Service. You are
      only allowed to purchase those items directly through us or our licensed partners.
We reserve the right to change, modify and remove those items at any time without prior
      notice, including those items you might have purchased.
7. Disclaimer of warranties; limitation of liability
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our Service will be uninterrupted,
      timely, secure or error-free.
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service will be
      accurate or reliable.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the Service for indefinite periods of time or
      cancel the Service at any time, without notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the Service is at your sole risk.
      The Service and all products and Services delivered to you through the Service are (except as
      expressly stated by us) provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ for your use, without any
      representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all
      implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a
      particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.
In no case shall EichGnomies GmbH & Co. KG, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents,
      contractors, interns, suppliers, Service providers or licensors be liable for any injury,
      loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages
      of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of
      data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including
      negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the Service or any
      products procured using the Service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of
      the Service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any
      content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the Service or
      any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Service,
      even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the
      exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such
      states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by
      law.
8. Prohibited uses
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited
      from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform
      or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or
      state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our
      intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult,
      harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual
      orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit
      false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious
      code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the
      Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track
      the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape;
      (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security
      features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve
      the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the
      prohibited uses.
9. Behaviour in game
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from
      behaving in any of the following ways when using the app:
Do not use inappropriate language, swear words or otherwise offensive language when chatting
        with other players.
Do not write racists message or otherwise use race or skin color as a foundation for game
        decisions.
Do not use the game to advertise, talk about or interact with illegal
        content in any form.
If you don't adhere to the above rule or any other rules set forth in the Terms of Service,
      we reserve the right to temporarily or even permanently suspend your account and take
      measures to prevent further usage of this app.
If during the game you observe another playing abusing the chat system or any other functions of
      the app, please make sure to report that player via the in
      game reporting function. To report another player please follow the instructions below:
Click on the players icon in the top right corner
Click on the player you would like to report
Click "Report", fill out the required information and finally submit your report
10. Severability
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void
      or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent
      permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from
      these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of
      any other remaining provisions.
11. Entire agreement
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service
      shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
      These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in
      respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us
      and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements,
      communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not
      limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).
      Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against
      the drafting party.
12. Governing law
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be
      governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 91052 Erlangen, Germany.
13. Changes to the Terms of Service
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page.
      We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these
      Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to
      check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or
      the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes
      acceptance of those changes.
14. Contact information
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at
cult@bitdroid.de
.
Last changed: 26.07.2018
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://cult-legal.bitdroid.de/privacy-policy:
Privacy policy
The Cult is an app offered by EichGnomies GmbH & Co. KG. The app can be downloaded free of
      charge.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use,
      and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to
      use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this
      policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the
      Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this
      Privacy Policy.
Personal data
To see what kind of personal data we store, how it is being used and how you can access it,
      please click
here
.
Information Collection and Use
While using our services you have the option to create a personal account. During registration
      you can sign up with either email / password, or by logging in with a social provider such as
      Facebook or Google. During registration the third party provider “Firebase” is used. More
      information about Firebase can be found at
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/
.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
      Links to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Firebase Analytics:
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we
      collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data.
      This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device
      name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the
      time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
      commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission
      over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
      guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be
      directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we
      strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over
      and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any
      third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect
      personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a
      child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our
      servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us
      with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Right to be informed and forgotten
You have the right to contact us and receive any personal information that we have have stored
      for you. You also have the right for that data to be deleted. You can contact us at
cult@bitdroid.de
.
Data transfer
All data between our services is being transmitted using SSL only.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
      periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy
      Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this
      page.
Last changed: 09.05.2018
Datenschutzerklärung
The Cult wird von der EichGnomies GmbH & Co. KG bereitgestellt. Die App kann kostenlos
      heruntergeladen werden.
Diese Seite beschreibt die Verwendung und Verarbeitung von Daten die im Rahmen der Nutzung von
      unseren Diensten anfallen. Datenschutz ist uns sehr wichtig, wir verwenden Ihre Daten
      ausschließlich wie sie hier beschrieben werden.
Persönliche Daten
Wenn Sie mehr darüber erfahren wollen welche persönlichen Daten wir über Sie sammeln und wie
      diese verwendet werden, klicken Sie bitte
hier
.
Anfallende Daten und Verwendung
Im Rahmen der Benutzung der App besteht die Möglichkeit, ein Benutzerkonto anzulegen. Diese
      Konto kann über eine Email-Adresse erstellt werden, oder über ein soziales Netzwerk wie etwa
      Facebook oder Google. Zur Erstellung des Kontos wird ein externer Dienst namens “Firebase”
      verwendet. Mehr Informationen finden Sie unter
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/
.
Des weitere werden teilweise Daten mittels der folgenden Dienste über die Benutzung der App
      gesammelt:
Google Play Services:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Firebase Analytics:
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/
Log Daten
Bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste fallen teilweise Log Daten an, welche auf von uns gemieteten
      Servern gespeichert werden. Diese Daten können Informationen über das von Ihnen verwendete
      Gerät, Ihre IP Adresse, Gerätenamen, Betriebssystem, Versionsnummer oder den Zeitpunkt des
      Zugriffes enthalten, sowie anderen Statistiken.
Sicherheit
Ihre Sicherheit ist uns wichtig und wir geben daher unser Bestes die von uns angebotenen
      Dienste auf eine sichere Art und Weise zu betreiben. Bitte denken Sie daran, keine Art der
      elektronischen Datenverarbeitung ist zu 100% sicher, wir können die absolute Sicherheit Ihrer
      Daten daher nicht garantieren.
Links auf andere Seite
Unsere Dienste können Links auf andere Seiten enthalten. Wenn Sie darauf klicken werden Sie zu
      diesen Seiten weitergeleitet. Wir betreiben diese Seiten nicht, sind daher auch nicht für
      deren Inhalt verantwortlich oder haftbar.
Jugend Datenschutz
Unsere Dienste richten sich nicht an Kinder unter 13 Jahren. Wir sammeln nicht wissentlich
      persönliche Daten von Kindern unter 13 Jahren. Sollten wir erfahren, dass einer unserer Nutzer
      unter 13 Jahre ist, so werden die persönlichen Daten dieses Nutzers löschen. Falls Sie ein
      Elternteil oder Betreuer eines Kindes unter 13 Jahren sind, und erfahren, dass dieses Kind
      unsere Dienste verwendet, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte umgehend.
Auskunftsrecht und Löschung
Sie haben das Recht jederzeit uns zu kontaktieren und sich über die bei uns gespeicherten
      Daten zuinformieren oder diese löschen zu lassen. Zu diesem Zwecke schreiben Sie uns einfach
      eine Email an
cult@bitdroid.de
.
Datentransfer
Der Datentransfer zwischen unseren Diensten erfolgt ausschließlich verschlüsselt über SSL.
Änderungen zur Datenschutzerklärung
Wir behalten uns vor die Datenschutzerklärung in der Zukunft zu ändern. Wir raten Ihnen daher
      sich regelmäßig auf dieser Seite über Neuerungen zu informieren. Änderungen auf dieser Seite
      treten sofort in Kraft.
Letzte Änderungen: 28.11.2018