This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.
Accept
Decline
Skip to main content
twitter
facebook
linkedin
instagram
(+44) 0203 884 9777
Message Us Here
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Close Search
Home
»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the ClubRight Ltd Website Privacy Policy. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
ClubRight Ltd, with registered office at Unit 4 Radford Business Park, Radford Way, Billericay, England, CM12 0DP, is the trader responsible for the services provided on this website. You can contact us at
help@clubright.co.uk
for any enquiries.
This policy together with any other documents referred to in it and any other terms and conditions of use sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
You can download a copy of our privacy policy here:
Download Privacy Policy
Please note that our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
Privacy policy
This privacy policy informs you about how ClubRight Ltd collects and uses your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide when you register for our services, subscribe to our newsletters, or engage with our promotional activities.
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using the site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are under the age of 16, you confirm you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using this site or sending us personal information. We do not knowingly collect data from children.
Controller
ClubRight Ltd is the controller responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “we,” “us,” or “our” in this privacy policy).
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO) to oversee questions related to this policy. If you have any enquiries, please contact us using the information in the contact details section below.
The Types of Personal Data We Collect About You
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. We may collect, use, store, and transfer different kinds of personal data about you, which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data:
Includes first name, last name, any previous names, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth, and gender.
Contact Data:
Includes billing address, delivery address, email address, and telephone numbers.
Financial Data:
Includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data:
Includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data:
Includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, device ID, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data:
Includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses.
Usage Data:
Includes information about how you interact with and use our website, products, and services.
Marketing and Communications Data:
Includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use, and share
aggregated data
such as statistical or demographic data, which is not personal data as it does not directly (or indirectly) reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate individuals’ Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature in order to analyse general trends in how users are interacting with our website to help improve the website and our service offering.
How Is Your Personal Data Collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you, including through:
Your interactions with us:
You may give us your personal data by filling in online forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
Apply for our products or services
Create an account on our website
Subscribe to our service or publications
Request marketing to be sent to you
Enter a competition, promotion, or survey
Give us feedback or contact us
Automated technologies or interactions:
As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our
cookie policy
for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources:
We will receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data is collected from the following parties:
Analytics providers such as Google, UserPilot, Hubspot, and Microsoft Clarity based outside the UK
Advertising networks such as Facebook based outside the UK
Contact, Financial, and Transaction Data is collected from providers of technical, payment, and delivery services
How We Use Your Personal Data
Legal Basis
The law requires us to have a legal basis for collecting and using your personal data. We rely on one or more of the following legal bases:
Performance of a contract with you:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Legitimate interests:
We may use your personal data where it is necessary to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests, for example, to prevent fraud and enable us to give you the best and most secure customer experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights (both positive and negative) before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Legal obligation:
We may use your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to. We will identify the relevant legal obligation when we rely on this legal basis.
Consent:
We rely on consent only where we have obtained your active agreement to use your personal data for a specified purpose, for example, if you subscribe to an email newsletter.
Purposes for Which We Will Use Your Personal Data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use the various categories of your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Purpose/Use
Type of Data
Legal Basis [and Retention Period]
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees, and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Dealing with your requests, complaints, and queries
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and manage our relationship with you and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition, or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting, and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud, and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and online advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, customer relationships, and experiences and to measure the effectiveness of our communications and marketing
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To send you relevant marketing communications and make personalised suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you based on your Profile Data
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to carry out direct marketing, develop our products/services, and grow our business)
To carry out market research through your voluntary participation in surveys
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services and to help us improve and develop our products and services)
Direct Marketing
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and you have not opted out of receiving the marketing.
We may also analyse your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage, and Profile Data to form a view which products, services, and offers may be of interest to you so that we can then send you relevant marketing communications.
Promotional Offers from Us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage, and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services, and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
Third-Party Marketing
We will get your express consent before we share your personal data with any third party for their own direct marketing purposes.
Opting Out of Marketing
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing communications at any time by contacting us at any time.
If you opt out of receiving marketing communications, you will still receive service-related communications that are essential for administrative or customer service purposes.
Cookies
For more information about the cookies we use and how to change your cookie preferences, please see our
cookie policy
.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Change of Purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosures of Your Personal Data
We may share your personal data where necessary with internal or external third parties for the purposes set out in the table
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
above.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International Transfers
We may transfer your personal data outside the UK. When we do, we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your data, including standard contractual clauses approved for international data transfers.
We may use specific standard contractual terms approved for use in the UK, which give the transferred personal data the same protection as it has in the UK.
Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered, or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data Retention
How Long Will You Use My Personal Data For?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
Basic customer information will be retained for 3 months.
In some circumstances, you can ask us to delete your data: see
Request erasure
below for further information.
In some circumstances, we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your Legal Rights
You have a number of rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data:
Commonly known as a “subject access request.” This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you:
This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data in certain circumstances:
This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing, where we may have processed your information unlawfully, or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons, which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data:
Where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) as the legal basis for that particular use of your data (including carrying out profiling based on our legitimate interests). In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your right to object.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party:
We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time:
Where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data:
This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in one of the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law.
Contact Details
We would appreciate the opportunity to directly address any GDPR issues you may have. Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity:
ClubRight Ltd
Name of Contact:
Wayne Heath
Email address:
wayne@clubright.co.uk
Postal address:
Unit 4 Radford Business Park, Radford Way, Billericay, CM12 0DP
Telephone number:
0203 884 9777
You do, however, have the right to approach your local data protection authority. Please see further details below:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House, Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
www.ico.org.uk
Tel: 0303 123 1113
Tel: 029 2067 8400 (calls in Welsh)
Email:
casework@ico.org.uk
No Fee Usually Required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What We May Need from You
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time Limit to Respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Complaints
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK regulator for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the Privacy Policy and Your Duty to Inform Us of Changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on 20 November 2024.
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us, for example, a new address or email address.
Third-Party Links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Designed to Save You Time
Book A Demo Today
Book A Demo
ClubRight Membership Software is the ultimate tool to save you time, delight your customers, and grow your business.
AWARD WINNING MEMBER MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE
Quick Links
Types Of Businesses
Contact Details
(+44) 0203 884 9777
Message Us Here
Company Information
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
Data Protection Policy
About
Jobs
Contact Us
© 2025 ClubRight.
Digital Marketing
by
twitter
facebook
linkedin
instagram
Close Menu
Product
Membership Management
Bookings & Classes
Sales & Marketing
Payments
Access Control
Clubright Connect
Who We Help
Gyms
Health Clubs
Personal Trainers
Gymnastics Clubs
Boutique Fitness
Pilates and Yoga
Martial Arts
Boxing Clubs
Sports Clubs
Customer Stories
Pricing
Switching to ClubRight
Resources
About
New Business Startups
Start Up Resources
Blog
Podcast
Jobs
Login
Book a Demo
twitter
facebook
linkedin
instagram
English
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
Português
Español
Svenska
en
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://clubright.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/Clubright-Privacy-Policy-Nov-2024.pdf:
