Loading...
The purpose of this site is to provide a simple and convenient service to consumers, for home delivery or self-collection, of fresh produce and other products. Interactive menu allows customers to build and submit orders at the click of a button.
In order to place an online order, the user must ‘Sign In’ with a unique “user name” and “password”. The "user name" shall be personal to the member and the same “user name” is not given to two different members. The user can change the password at any time. It is solely the user’s responsibility to select and protect their username and password. Kibsons.com is not liable for any problems, which may arise from the use of a password. Kibsons.com does not share the user information with third party companies.
Once you have selected your order from the menu, you will be given the opportunity to submit your order by clicking on the “Checkout” button. Please note it is important that you check the information you enter and correct any errors before clicking on the “Checkout” button. On receipt of your order, Kibsons.com will begin processing your order and we will send a message on the final page that your order has been received. Certain meat orders may take up to 48 hours for delivery as we may need time for processing. You will notified by email accordingly.
Payment can be made by card payment online. Where any payment you make online is not authorized, you will be returned to the previous page on the website and we shall not be obliged to provide the services.
While every effort is made to ensure that accurate pricing and descriptions are maintained, we reserve the right to cancel any order that is based on inaccurate information and we will notify you immediately of any such cancellation.
Once the order is confirmed, the user may be able to cancel the order within 30 minutes by sending an email to customercare@kibsons.com with the reference number of the order.
Buyers are solely responsible for verifying the accuracy of delivery addresses, and Kibsons.com shall have no liability or responsibility for any erroneous addresses. Please be aware that Kibsons.com will do everything they can to meet the delivery time specified, however delivery times may be affected by factors beyond their control and therefore cannot be guaranteed. We will inform you if we become aware of an unexpected delay.
During any product delivery, if the client is not available in the address specified in the system, the products ordered by the client shall not be delivered to anywhere else. Within the framework of such a case, the member must accept all legal responsibilities arising from ordering a product to an address where he/she does not exist.
All credit/debit cards details and personally identifiable information will NOT be stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties.
(Website) will NOT deal or provide any services or products to any of OFAC (Office of Foreign Assets Control) sanctions countries in accordance with the law of UAE.
Any purchase, dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this website shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of UAE
.
Kibsons.com takes customer satisfaction very seriously. In the case of problems with your order, please send us an email on customercare@kibsons.com and we will assist you. In appropriate cases, if you have already been billed by Kibsons.com, Kibsons.com will issue full or partial refunds. In the following cases: if you did not receive your order or received an incorrect order, you may be issued a full refund; if part of your order is missing, we may issue a partial refund. In every event, we will do our best to ensure your satisfaction. Refunds will be done only through the Original Mode of Payment.
Kibsons.com reserves the right to update the prices at any time. While we will do our best to procure and deliver your order, certain products may be temporarily unavailable or out of stock. In such cases: if you did not receive your order or received an incorrect order, you will be issued a full refund; if part of your order is missing, we will issue a partial refund for the price of the undelivered quantity. In every event, we will do our best to ensure your satisfaction.
We accept payments using Visa and MasterCard credit/debit card in AED.
Please read the following terms of use and disclaimers carefully before using Debit / Credit Cards:
Credit or Debit cards must belong to the user. Otherwise, the user must attain the legal permission from the card owner to perform the transaction.
All credit/debit cards details and personally identifiable information will NOT be stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties.
Customers using the Debit / Credit Cards facility are requested to be available on their respective contact numbers.
The customer is entirely liable for placing an order using the Debit / Credit Cards facility after carefully reading all the terms & conditions.
The customer refund procedure might take up to two working days to process on the Debit /Credit Cards bank payment gateway. The customer has to follow on with the bank in case of any delay in crediting back the customer’s account with the amount previously paid by the customer. We will send an email to the customer that contains a printout of the refund advice printed from Debit / Credit Cards bank payment gateway as reference in case the customer wants to revise the bank with.
To use Kibsons.com website, it is required that you agree and undertake to comply with the Terms of use of Kibsons.com. By ordering a product using this system, the user agrees to be bound by the user agreement of Kibsons.com. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, then you may not use the site. Kibsons.com reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice. You agree that each visit you make to the sites shall be subject to the then-current Terms of Use, and continued use of the site now or following modifications in these Terms of Use confirms that you have read, accepted, and agreed to be bound by such modifications.
The terms and conditions apply to Kibsons.com website and its associated applications on iPhone, iPad, Android, and mobile site platforms.
By using this site, you warrant that any personal information provided by you is true, accurate, current and complete in all respects and that you will notify us immediately of any changes to your personal information by updating your member profile on the site or by contacting us, you agree not to impersonate any other person or entity or to use a false name or a name that you are not authorized to use.
You are not allowed to register multiple memberships for use by the same person. Violation of this clause may result in termination of your membership.
Members' passwords should be kept confidential at all times, and must not be shared or disclosed to anyone. You are responsible for all activities and orders that occur or are submitted through your membership. If you know or suspect that someone has knowledge of your password then you should contact us immediately.
All users who are minors in the jurisdiction in which they reside (generally under the age of 18) must have the permission of, and be directly supervised by, their parent or guardian to use the website. If you are a minor, you must have your parent or guardian read and agree to this Agreement prior to you using the website.
Any comments or feedback that you submit through the website must not:
Attempt to impersonate another user or person;
Use the username of another user;
Use the Kibsons.com service as part of any effort to compete with Kibsons.com or to provide services as a service office;
Attempt to bypass any measures of the website designed to prevent or restrict access to the website, or any portion of the website;
Harass, annoy, intimidate or threaten Kibsons company through any medium of communication or to any of its employees or agents engaged in providing any part of Kibsons Company services to you;
Use the website in a manner inconsistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations;
Any other suspected malicious activities on Kibsons.com website or applications;
The prohibited acts listed in the above paragraphs are non-exhaustive. You will pay Kibsons for all costs and damages which it incurs as a result of you breaching any of these restrictions.
Kibsons will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or location of anyone posting any material in breach of the above paragraph.
Kibsons.com may temporary suspend or completely cease the system operation at any time.
Kibsons.com shall not have any responsibilities against the members of Kibsons.com or any third parties due to the temporarily suspension or completely cessation of the system operation.
This site may be unavailable at certain times to allow for maintenance and upgrades. Although we will endeavor to notify customers in advance of any service unavailability, this cannot be guaranteed and we reserve the right to alter or withdraw the service at any time.
These Website Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with UAE law. Disputes arising in connection with these Website Terms (including non-contractual disputes) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Dubai courts.
We may collect and process the following Information about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Platform, including information provided at the time of registering to use our Platform and other co- registrations (e.g. social media logins), subscribing to our Services, posting material or requesting further services; the Information you provide when you enter a competition or promotion via our Platform, provide reviews, testimonials or feedback on our Platform; Information you provide us, or that we may collect from you, when you report a problem with our Platform; a record of correspondence if you contact us; general, aggregated, demographic and non-personal Information; if you download or use our mobile application, we may have access to details about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device; details of transactions you carry out through our Platform and of the fulfilment of your orders; details about your computer, including but not limited to your IP address, operating system and browser type, as well as information about your general internet usage (e.g. by using technology that stores information on or gains access to your device, such as cookies, tracking pixels, web beacons, etc., (together, "Cookies")); your email address from a third party if you indicate that you have consented to that third party sharing your Information with us; and any other Information we consider necessary to enhance your experience on the Platform.
We may use Information held about you in the following ways:
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes; to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results and other personalised content; to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and another entity using our Platform or between you and us; to improve our Services and to deliver a better and more personalised service to you; to ensure that content from our Platform is presented in the most effective manner for you and the device you use to access our Platform; to notify you about changes to our Services; for any other reason which we deem necessary to enhance your experience of the Platform; to administer and manage our incentives programs and fulfil your requests for incentives,and/or to allow you to participate in sweepstakes and to notify you if you are a sweepstakes winner.
The Information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the UAE. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the UAE who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. We will store your Information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise permitted or required by law. Your Information may be transferred, stored, processed and used by our affiliated companies and/or non-affiliated service providers in one or more countries outside your originating country. Your payment details may be transferred to and stored with our affiliated companies in order to, among other things, process your payment details and provide support services to you.
Support