^
Privacy Policy
Last Revised:  28 August 2020
Žaidimų studija UAB
, its subsidiaries and affiliates, 
        and Cute & Tiny Baby Games, represented by Zaidimu studija UAB  
        (“Zaidimu studija” or “we”) are committed to protecting your Personal Data.
         We offer services and games that can collect information from you and 
         your children, so we have prepared a document called the Privacy Policy.
          In this Privacy Policy, we will explain what we do with the Personal 
          Data that you provide to us or which we can collect from you in the 
          provision of services to you.
This Privacy Policy is in compliance with the US Children's Online 
          Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the European General Data Protection 
          Regulation (GDPR).
Content
1. WHO WE ARE
2. WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
3. WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
4. HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA
5. HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
6. ON WHAT LEGAL BASIS WE USE PERSONAL DATA
7. WHAT ARE COOKIES
8. HOW CAN WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
9. OUR THIRD-PARTY DATA CONTROLLERS AND PROCESSORS
10. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
11. HOW LONG WILL WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
12. WHERE WE STORE AND HOW WE TRANSFER YOUR DATA
13. WHAT RIGHTS DO YOU HAVE
14. HOW TO CONTACT US
1. WHO WE ARE
Žaidimų studija UAB is a company with its registered office at M. Daukšos 3-7 Vilnius,
           Lithuania. We are the Personal Data controllers responsible for your Personal Data.
            A Personal Data controller is the person who decides for what purposes 
            Personal Data will be used. Our contact details are as follows:
Žaidimų studija UAB
M. Daukšos 3-7 Vilnius, Lithuania
Phone: +37037300833
Email: info@zaidimustudija.lt
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to exercise 
          your rights, contact us by email at info@zaidimustudija.lt.
2. WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
While you visit our websites at www.zaidimustudija.lt/, cutetinygames.com/
           or you play Zaidimu studija or Cute & Tiny games ("Services" or "Games"),
            we may collect information about you ("Personal Data").
We care about your Personal Data protection, so we have developed this Privacy Policy.
          By this Privacy Policy, we want to clearly and comprehensively explain 
          what data we collect, how we use, disclose and transfer it.
From time to time, we may change the terms of this Privacy Policy, so 
          do not forget to read this Privacy Policy on a regular basis to understand 
          how we use your Personal Data.
3. WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
Personal Data refers to any information about a person which can identify
           that person.
We may collect, use, store and transfer various Personal 
           Data we have grouped into these categories
Contact Information.
You can provide us with your Contact Information,
           such as your phone number and email when you contact us with a question or request.
If the child who lives in the USA and who is younger than 13 years old 
           has contacted us through email, and we communicated with the child more 
           than once, we will ask the child to provide us with the child's parent 
           or guardian's email. Then we will send the parent or guardian a notice
            telling that his/her child has contacted us. If we do not obtain 
            parental consent after a reasonable time from the date of the data 
            collection, we will delete such data from our records.
Location Data.
We do not collect data about your exact location
           (address) in any case. We can collect data about your location, i.e. 
           city or country. We collect this data automatically when you use our 
           Services or play our Games.
Technical Data.
We may collect such information as your IP address,
           advertising ID, and other technologies on the devices that you use in 
           our Services or play our Games. We can also collect non-personal Technical 
           Data about the mobile operating system, mobile browser type, screen 
           resolution, device vendor, language. We collect this data automatically
            when you use our Services or play our Games.
Usage Data.
We can collect statistics on how you use our Services
           or play our Games. This information does not contain information that 
           will help us identify you. We need this information so that we can provide
            you with the Services, improve their quality, adapt them to your needs.
We do not collect or store any financial data because the processing 
          of your financial data is done by your chosen payment service provider, 
          such as iTunes, Google Play, etc.
We do not collect and do not intend to collect "special categories of 
          data", such as any information about health, race, religion, political 
          opinions or philosophical beliefs, sexual beliefs or orientation.
We do not collect any data that is not necessary for the provision of our services.
4. HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA
We use several methods to collect Personal Data discussed further:
Personal Data is provided directly by you.
You provide us with your data
         when you contact us by email, social networks or phone, ask to answer your question.
We collect Personal Data automatically.
When you use our Services,
           e.g. visit our website, play our games, we can automatically collect 
           technical information about your IP address, promotional identifiers, 
           equipment, browsing actions and models you use, as well as statistics. 
           We collect this Personal Data using cookies, automated event logs and 
           other similar technologies.
We collect Personal Data from third parties.
We may receive 
          Personal Data about you from third-party sources, i.e. from other companies 
          and persons (see section Our third-party data controllers and processors).
5. HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your Personal Data as permitted by law. Usually, we 
          will use your Personal Data in the following circumstances:
In order to fulfil our obligations when you use our website or our mobile 
          applications, e.g. to ensure that the Services are provided, to improve 
          the Services, to identify subscribers and manage subscriptions, to personalize 
          the content you use, to respond to your requests and inquiries. Also, in 
          order to fulfil our legal obligations, we may ask for the child's parent 
          or guardian's email when we must obtain the consent of parents or guardians 
          to use the child's Personal Data (email and name).
When it is necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations or safeguard 
          our legitimate interests, we use your Personal Data, e.g. to provide you 
          with contextual advertising, to analyse your behaviour using our Services, 
          to ensure the security and integrity of our Services.
We may also use your Personal Data to enforce or defend our rights, 
          protect your interests, prevent and/or detect fraud or deceptive behaviour.
We will not use your data to provide you with behavioural advertising, 
          as well as re-marketing, profiling and automated decision making.
6. ON WHAT LEGAL BASIS WE USE PERSONAL DATA
Generally, we collect and process your personal information only in order 
          to fulfil our obligations to you, use it for legitimate interests and 
          protect your rights (support for the internal operations), or if we 
          have your consent to do so. Below, we provide you with information on 
          the purposes and grounds for usage of your Personal Data.
Activity
Data type
Legal basis for data processing
according to GDPR / COPPA
Manage and protect our website and our mobile applications
Contact Data
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (GDPR)
Technical Data
(b)	Necessary for support for the internal operations (COPPA)
Usage Data
Provide Services, improve Services, customize the Services for your individual needs
Technical Data
(a)	Necessary for fulfilling our contractual obligations (GDPR)
Usage Data
(b)	Necessary for support for the internal operations (COPPA)
Identify games subscribers and manage games subscriptions (only if you get subscription plan)
Contact Data
(a) Necessary for fulfilling our contractual obligations (GDPR)
Usage Data
(b) Necessary for fulfilling our contractual obligations (GDPR)
Submit contextual advertising to you, analyse your behaviour using our Services
Technical Data
a)	Necessary for our legitimate interests and for fulfilling our contractual obligations (GDPR)
Usage Data
b)	Necessary for support for the internal operations (COPPA)
Reply to your applications, requests, notifications
Contact Data
a)	Necessary for fulfilling our contractual obligations and for legitimate interests (GDPR)
(email, phone)
If a child under the age of 13 years old in the USA or under the age of 16 years old in the EU has 
                        contacted us through email, and we need to communicate with the child more than once to resolve the query,
                         we will ask the child to provide us with the child's parent or guardian's email. Then we will send the 
                         parent or guardian a notice telling that his/her child has contacted us. If we do not obtain parental 
                         consent after a reasonable time from the date of the data collection, we will delete such data from our
                          records.
Get the child's parent's or guardian's consent
Contact Data
a)	Necessary to comply with our legal obligations (GDPR)
(email)
b)	Exception to prior parental consent (COPPA)
We will use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we have 
            collected them, unless we reasonably believe that we must use it for 
            another purpose that is compatible with the original purpose.
Please note that where we must process Personal Data when required 
            by law, we may process your Personal Data without your knowledge or consent.
7. WHAT ARE COOKIES
When you use our services, we may use industry-wide technologies such as 
          cookies and/or other technologies, hardware-based device identifiers, 
          flash cookies, operating system-based identifiers and web beacons.
Cookies are small text files that we place in visitors’ computer browsers 
          to store their preferences.
The cookies are created for each session, they do not include or collect 
          any information about you other than your session key, and they are removed 
          as soon as the session ends (usually done automatically by your web browser).
You can disable cookies on your device or set your device to alert you 
          when cookies are being sent to your device.
If you do not accept, block or erase cookies, or change the settings, 
          your online experience may be limited.
We may also use certain third-party cookies (e.g. Google Authentication). 
          These are a different kind of cookie that is stored on your computer by 
          third parties. This kind of cookie is only read (and is not altered by 
          the Service) each time you use our Services. Third party cookies store 
          only Usage Data, such as the different pages you have visited strictly 
          within the Service (such the “About” page, the “Contact Us” page, the 
          duration of your browsing session, etc.).
8. HOW CAN WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share your personal information with these persons:
(a) Companies of our group, third-party service providers and partners 
          providing data processing services (e.g. to ensure the provision of 
          our Services, to provide services or to improve our Services security), 
          as well as to those who otherwise process Personal Data for the purposes 
          specified in this Privacy Policy. Here is a list of our current service 
          providers and partners (see section Our third-party data controllers 
          and processors).
b) To any competent law enforcement authority, regulatory authority, 
          government agency, court, or other third party, if we consider that 
          disclosure is necessary (i) in accordance with applicable laws or 
          regulations, (ii) to exercise or to protect our rights, or (iii) to 
          protect our or any other person's interests;
(c) A potential or actual buyer (and its representatives and advisers) 
          involved in the purchase, merger or acquisition of a proposed or 
          actual any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer that 
          it will have to use your Personal Data only for the purposes specified 
          in this Privacy Policy;
(d) Any other person with your consent to disclose information.
9. OUR THIRD-PARTY DATA CONTROLLERS AND PROCESSORS
KIDOZ
KIDOZ is an advertising service provided by KIDOZ Ltd. KIDOZ uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of processing:
legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Place of processing: US
Privacy policy: http://kidoz.net/website-and-kidoz-sdk-privacy-policy
Address: KIDOZ, PO BOX 8517, Poleg Industrial park, Netanya, Israel
Phone: +972-9-7716444
Contact: support@kidoz.com
Chartboost (Chartboost, Inc.)
Chartboost is an advertising service provided by Chartboost, Inc. Chartboost uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of processing:
legitimate interest (support for internal operations).
Place of processing: US
Privacy policy: https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Address: 85 2nd Street, Suite 100, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
Contact: privacy@chartboost.com
SuperAwesome Trading Ltd.
SuperAwesome is a contextual advertising service provided by SuperAwesome Trading Ltd. SuperAwesome uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of processing:
legitimate interest (support for internal operations).
Place of processing: UK
Privacy Policy: https://www.superawesome.tv/privacy-policy
Address: Trading Ltd, 22 Long Acre, London WC2E 9LY, United Kingdom
Phone: + 44 203 668 6677
Contact: privacy@superawesome.tv
Flurry, Inc.
Flurry Inc. is an analytics service provided by Oath (Americas) Inc. Flurry may still be implemented in some Cute & Tiny and Zaidimu studija games games on Amazon Appstore and Apple App Store but 
          not actively used. We have been using Flurry’s Restricted Feature Set (RFS) for apps directed to children. Flurry stopped data collection for RFS apps on August 19, 2019 
          and deleted historical data on August 31, 2019 (more information: https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/docs/analytics/lexicon/restrictedset/).
Legal basis of processing:
legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Place of processing: US;
Privacy Policy: https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/
Address: 701 First Avenue Sunnyvale, CA 94089, US
Contact: support@flurry.com
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of processing:
legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Place of processing: US
Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Address: 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, California 94043, US
Phone: 650-253-0000
AdMob by Google (Google Inc.)
AdMob is a mobile advertising platform which allows developers to monetize their app(s) by displaying in-app ads from other advertisers.
           AdMob allows to set TFUA (Tag for Users under the Age of Consent in Europe) on ad requests. All ad requests that include TFUA disables ads 
           personalization for users under the age of consent and collection of data by third party partners. Admob uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of processing:
legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Place of processing: US
Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Address: 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Contact: https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/7575787?visit_id=636888632405295138-51672301&hl=en&rd=2
SafeDK Mobile Ltd.
SafeDK is an online data marketplace of software development kits provided by SafeDK Mobile Ltd. SafeDk uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of processing:
legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Privacy Policy - https://dashboard.safedk.com/privacy
Address: 6 Hahoshlim St., Herzliya 4672406, Israel
Phone: +972 52-282-9573
Contact: contact@safedk.com
IronSource Mobile Ltd.
ironSource Mobile Ltd. is a network that connects app developers with advertisers, and helps app developers to serve ads on their apps, a mediation platform that helps app 
          developers to manage all the ad providers with which they have a direct relationship and a marketing platform that helps advertisers to create and optimize advertising campaigns. 
          ironSouce uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of processing:
legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Place of processing: US
Privacy Policy: https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Address: 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
Contact: dpo@ironsrc.com
Vungle Limited
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform for clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Vungle uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of processing:
legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Place of processing: US
Privacy Policy: https://vungle.com/privacy/#section-1
Address: Clover House, 147-149 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1R 3AB
Contact: privacy@vungle.com
AdColony, Inc.
AdColony is an advertising service provided by AdColony, Inc. AdColony uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of processing:
legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Privacy Policy: https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Address: 11400 W. Olympic Blvd, 12th Floor Los Angeles, CA 90064
Contact: privacy@adcolony.com
Unity Technologies ApS.
Unity Ads is an advertising service provided by Unity Technologies ApS. Unity Ads uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of processing: legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Privacy Policy: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Address: Unity Technologies Finland OY, Kaivokatu 8 B, 00100 Helsinki, Finland
Contact: DPO@unity3d.com
Unity Analytics (Unity Technologies)
Unity Analytics is a data platform that provides analytics. Unity Analytics uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of processing: legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Privacy Policy: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Address: 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States
Contact: DPO@unity3d.com
Firebase by Google (Google Inc.)
Firebase is a mobile analytics platform which allows developers to analyse crash reporting and retention. Firebase uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of processing:
legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Place of processing: US
Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Address: 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Contact: https://firebase.google.com/support/troubleshooter/contact/
AppLovin Corporation
AppLovin is an advertising service provided by AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation. AppLovin uses Personal and Non-Personal Data only for internal purposes.
Legal basis of processing:
legitimate interests (support for internal operations).
Privacy policy: https://www.applovin.com/terms/
Address: 849 High St., Palo Alto, California, 94301, United States
Contact: care@applovin.com
10. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We have implemented security measures to ensure that your Personal Data 
          is not lost, used or accessed without authorization, altered or disclosed. 
          We restrict access to your Personal Data to those employees, representatives 
          and other third parties who need to know your details. They will process 
          your Personal Data in accordance with our instructions and will be 
          subject to the confidentiality obligation.
We have put in place procedures to combat any alleged breach of Personal 
          Data security and we will inform you and all authorities of the breaches 
          that we are required to notify about.
11. CHANGES TO  THE PRIVACY POLICY
We will only store your Personal Data to the extent required by the 
          purposes of this Privacy Policy and to meet any legal, accounting or 
          reporting requirements.
In order to determine the appropriate period of Personal Data storage, 
          we will assess the amount, nature and sensitivity of Personal Data, 
          the potential risk of harm resulting from the unauthorized use or disclosure 
          of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we process your Personal Data, 
          and whether we can achieve these objectives by other means and applicable 
          legal requirements.
You can request to delete your data by emailing us at: info@zaidimustudija.lt.
12. WHERE WE STORE AND HOW WE TRANSFER YOUR DATA
Your data is stored on rented and properly protected servers in Lithuania 
          operated by company called “Interneto vizija” UAB (see their Privacy Policy).
However, your Personal Data may be transferred and processed in a country 
          other than where you live. Personal Data protection in these countries 
          may be different from the one in which you live.
Our service providers and partners operate globally. This means that 
          when we collect your Personal Data, we can process it in any other country. 
          Nevertheless, we will ensure that appropriate measures are taken to protect 
          your Personal Data as provided for in this Privacy Policy.
This means that all our service providers and partners must process their 
          Personal Data in such a way as to comply with the European Union's General 
          Data Protection Regulation and other legislation.
13. WHAT RIGHTS DO YOU HAVE
You have these Personal Data protection rights:
You have the right to request access to your Personal Data.
This 
            allows you to obtain a copy of your Personal Data.
You have the right to request the change of Personal Data that we 
            have about you.
This allows you to correct any incomplete or inaccurate 
            data that we have.
You have the right to request the deletion of your Personal Data.
This allows you to request that we erase or remove your Personal Data.
You have the right to restrict or suppress processing
of your Personal 
            Data where you have a particular reason for wanting restriction. This 
            means that you can limit the way that we use your data in certain circumstances.
You have the right to object to processing of your Personal Data where 
            we are relying on legal basis of legitimate interests.
This allows you 
            to ask to stop processing your Personal Data in certain circumstances.
You have the right to cancel the consent to process your Personal 
            Data at any time
when we process your data because you have given the consent
You have the right to appeal our actions to the Personal Data protection 
            authority
regarding the collection and use of Personal Data. For more 
            information, contact your local data protection authority.
14. HOW TO CONTACT US
You can contact us at any time with any of your Personal Data protection 
          queries at:
Žaidimų studija UAB
M. Daukšos 3-7 Vilnius, Lithuania
Phone: +37037300833
Email: info@zaidimustudija.lt
We will respond to all your requests within the shortest possible time.