Global Polish
line-payment1
line-payment2
サービス運営方針
利用規約
服務條款
隱私權政策
個人情報保護方針
服務作業政策
Terms of Services
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY RIGHTS_CCPA
Service Operation Policy
gdpr
Self-Exclusion Policy
Responsible Gaming Policy
Privacy Policy_DOTISOFT
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May. 22. 2024
This privacy policy applies to services provided by PLAYLINKS Corp.("PLAYLINKS", below) and contains the following information. This privacy policy will describe how PLAYLINKS collects and uses the personal information of users and what actions PLAYLINKS takes to protect personal information. Users may withdraw consent at any time if they do not want their personal information collected, used, provided, or destroyed. However, if users withdraw, they may be unable to use all or part of the service. Also, the information collected is the minimum information required to provide the service.
1. Collection of Information
PLAYLINKS collects various data to provide better services to users, including basic information such as users' mobile devices and records of service use and, more specifically, information is collected as follows.
Information from platform provider.
To optimize the service, PLAYLINKS receives the user's member number(ID), social media account, name(given name, surname), nickname, profile information(profile picture or URL with profile picture), and friend information(friend list and profile picture) used in the platform provider's service from the platform provider(facebook, google, apple etc.) or app store provider(apple app store, google play etc.) when the user downloads the application and uses the service.
Social Network Service.
When you log in to the website operated by PLAYLINKS using your Facebook ID, we collect your Facebook ID and Name. With your consent, we may also collect your profile image.
Information collected when you use the service.
Information on service usage methods, including the device used, service usage time, usage records, type and price of content purchased, and event participation may be collected during service use. This includes the following data.
-
Device information:
Mobile device type and model, operating system type and version, browser type and version, device identifier(universally unique identifier) and other device data.
-
Log information:
Time connected to the service, Internet Protocol addresses, and service usage records are automatically collected when the service is used.
-
Purchase information
: If the user purchases content via in-app purchases through Apple or Google, the content purchase time, content type, price, settlement currency and order number are automatically recorded.
-
Local storage:
Mechanisms such as the application data cache are used to collect data and save it locally on the user's device.
If the user does not register as a member on the platform provider or does not use a social media account for the service but rather uses a guest account to access the service, PLAYLINKS cannot identify the user solely through data collected while using the service and can only identify users with an account on the platform provider's service or a social media account.
2. Use of Information Collected
PLAYLINKS uses information provided by the platform provider or collected or recorded while using the service for the purposes of service provision, maintenance, security, updates, and development and provision of new services. Data is also used to provide more relevant customized services (including advertisements) to users.
PLAYLINKS may display on the service the user nicknames, profiles, and friend information provided by the platform provider and users may change the display of this information at any time by using the application's feature enabling users to change the display on the platform provider and/or social media website.
If users make service-related inquiries via telephone or email, PLAYLINKS may keep records of communication with users to provide answers to those inquiries. Furthermore, PLAYLINKS may use user emails to provide users with information relevant to service usage. Moreover, PLAYLINKS may use information collected(excluding information of EEA user’s) or provided to update the service environment or quality for users, and PLAYLINKS's automated system may analyze users' records of service usage and/or payments to provide individual users with valuable features such as targeted advertisements.
If PLAYLINKS uses collected or provided user data for purposes other than those declared in the Privacy Policy, it will declare these purposes to users in advance and receive prior consent.
Data collected or provided by PLAYLINKS is processed by Amazon Web Services (AWS region: California, Verginia USA) with safety measures and user data may be processed at the other AWS region(Seoul, South Korea) to provide better service or implement the service contract to users.
PLAYLINKS may offer paid products or contents within our services. In such cases, we may utilize third-party services (payment providers) for payment processing.
PLAYLINKS does not store or collect your payment card information. This information is directly provided to third-party payment processors, subject to their own privacy policies.
Xsolla (for users playing on the web): https://xsolla.com/privacypolicy/?lang=en
PLAYLINKS utilizes collected cookie information solely for the purpose of verifying whether a user attempted to log in to the website operated by PLAYLINKS via their Facebook ID.
3. Shared Information
PLAYLINKS does not share data with companies or people outside PLAYLINKS with the following exceptions. This data may be shared in the following cases.
If the user agrees.
PLAYLINKS may share data with companies or people other than PLAYLINKS with user consent. However, if such data must be shared, prior consent shall be obtained from users.
When external processing is required.
PLAYLINKS may entrust data processing to its partners or reliable companies in compliance with physical and technical frameworks that follow internal policies (self-regulatory frameworks). In such cases, PLAYLINKS bears all liability for the companies to which data processing is entrusted.
If required by law.
If PLAYLINKS deems it necessary to access, use, store, or publish information for the following purposes, PLAYLINKS will share information with external companies, organizations, or individuals.
- If data is requested through legal proceedings, regulations, or relevant laws, or by an investigative or regulatory agency with legal power.
- If needed to detect, prevent, or resolve fraud, technical, or security problems.
- If needed to protect users or the public from elements threatening user or public rights, assets, or public safety.
PLAYLINKS may share anonymous data or data that does not allow users to be identified with its partners. Furthermore, if PLAYLINKS is subject to acquisition, merger, or sale of assets (collectively referred to as "M&A" below), it may transfer data to the company undertaking the M&A while maintaining the confidentiality of the information, and in such cases, it will notify users before user data is transferred to the company undertaking the M&A.
4. Collection and Use of Cookies
PLAYLINKS may collect non-personal aggregated information through 'cookies.'
Cookies are very small text files sent by the server that operates the company's website to the user's browser and are stored on the user's computer hard drive.
Installation, Operation, and Refusal of Cookies: You can refuse the storage of cookies through the options settings in the Privacy menu of your web browser.
Learn how to adjust cookie settings for each browser:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
5. Information Security
PLAYLINKS's information security management system has been certified safe and reliable by the Korean government and works to protect the data in PLAYLINKS's possession from illegal access, modification, release, or deletion. In particular, PLAYLINKS periodically reviews the privacy lifecycle and continuously makes necessary updates by applying the latest technology to collect, store, and use personal data to ensure users can safely access the system. This includes using SSL (secure socket layer) and taking physical and technical protective measures to detect unauthorized access to the service system. Furthermore, access authority is limited to the minimum number of employees necessary according to internal policies(self-regulatory frameworks).
6. Updating and Deleting Information
Updating information provided by the platform provider.
Users may request updates of their own data from the platform provider at any time while using the service. Users who are nationals of EU member nations may additionally request access, rectification, adaptation or alteration, transfer or movement of their data, and may restrict or oppose processing or profiling (collectively referred to as "processing", below).
PLAYLINKS has no authority to process data provided to the platform provider by the user. Therefore, if users request processing of their own data provided to PLAYLINKS by the platform provider, PLAYLINKS will inform users that it has no authority to process user data and instruct them to request data processing from the platform provider and/or social media provider
Updating information collected while using the service.
Users may request updating or processing of their own data from PLAYLINKS while using the service (restricted to nationals of EU member nations) and, unless data must be kept for reasonable business purposes or legal purposes, PLAYLINKS will attempt to fulfill this processing request without delay. Furthermore, this requested user data processing will be provided free of charge so long as it does not require excessive effort to comply, and PLAYLINKS may request verification of user identity before updating or processing the data.
However, the user request may be denied if it is unreasonably repeated, if it requires excessive technical effort to comply (e.g. if a new system must be developed or existing practices must be fundamentally changed), if the request impinges upon others' rights or freedoms, or if the request is extremely impractical. In such cases, the user may lodge an objection or file a civil complaint with the privacy protection agency in the user's country of residence in accordance with PLAYLINKS's CS procedure for rejection of processing.
Information Delete
: Users may directly request the company to delete their personal information that were collected.
(Click here for more information)
However
,
to protect user data from accidental or malicious deletion and for maintenance and management of the service, copies of user data may not be immediately deleted from service servers even after a user deletes his or her data from the service. Furthermore, data may not be deleted from backup systems for a certain period of time to comply with laws in the user's country of residence and/or the country of PLAYLINKS's business jurisdiction. In such cases, this data will be deleted without delay once the storage period required by relevant laws has elapsed.
6. Cooperation with Regulations and Regulatory Agencies
PLAYLINKS periodically reviews compliance with its Privacy Policy in accordance with internal policies (self-regulatory frameworks) and strives to protect user data by applying the latest technology. It complies with several regulatory frameworks including EU and American privacy shield frameworks.
Should a complaint be raised through PLAYLINKS's user CS procedure, the user will be contacted and further steps taken. Users from EU member nations may also request details regarding execution of the Privacy Policy from the representative listed below. Furthermore, should PLAYLINKS be unable to resolve any issue related to processing of user data with the user directly, it will cooperate with the privacy protection authority of the country of jurisdiction to resolve this problem.
[EU Representative contact information]
Representative :
VeraSafe Netherlands B.V.
Address : Keizersgracht 391 A 1016 EJ Amsterdam The Netherlands
contact form:
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representative/
telephone : +420 228 881 031.
[UK Representative contact information]
Representative : VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd.
Address : 37 Albert Embankment London SE1 7TL United Kingdom
contact form :
https://verasafe.com/public-resources/contact-data-protection-representative
telephone : +44 (20) 45322003.
7. Privacy Policy Applicability & Changes
The Privacy Policy does not apply to other sites (including advertisements) linked to the service or sites that may be included in the service.
Furthermore, the Privacy Policy is subject to occasional change. If changes are made to the Privacy Policy, these changes will be announced to users beforehand, and if these changes are significant, they will be announced via email or push notifications etc.
8. California Privacy Rights
California Residents’ Rights
: If you are a California resident, you may have certain additional privacy rights. California consumers have a right to knowledge, access, and deletion of their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act(CCPA). California consumers also have a right to opt out of the sale of their personal information by a business and a right not to be discriminated against for exercising one of their California privacy rights. We do not sell your personal information and does not discriminate in response to privacy rights requests. Visit our
Your California Privacy Rights
page for more information.
9. Help Center
PLAYLINKS does its utmost to protect and safeguard user data. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or use of user data or would like to know more, please contact our Help Center indicated below.
[Help Center]
Address: 10F. 216, Hwangsaeul-ro, Bundang-gu, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, Republic of Korea
Phone: +82- 31-702-8818
E-mail: cs@playlinks.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representative/%C2%A0:
Home
Public Resources
Contact an Organization Participating in the Data Protection Representative Program
This page is available in multiple languages
English
Čeština
Deutsch
Español
Français
Nederlands
Polski
Your Inquiry
* Indicates required field
Name of the VeraSafe Client Your Inquiry Is Directed To
*
HTML
Note: We can only handle inquiries related to foreign organizations that have actually appointed VeraSafe to act as their Data Protection Representative. We have no way to prevent an organization from falsely claiming that VeraSafe is their Data Protection Representative.
Provide a Detailed Description of Your Inquiry
*
Your First Name
*
Your Last Name
*
Your Email Address
*
Any Other Contact Information You Wish to Share
We will process your personal data as described in our
Privacy Policy
Submit
If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty.
A quick summary of how your inquiry will be handled:
As you’re likely aware, the purpose of this form is to help make it easier for you to get in touch with non-EU and/or non-UK organizations that process your personal data. Given that, any data you submit on this form will be transferred to the foreign organization that you identify in the “Name of the organization that your inquiry relates to” field, above, with the aim of helping resolve your concern. Note that you likely won’t hear any response to your inquiry from VeraSafe directly. Unless the foreign organization specifically authorizes us to respond to you directly, the foreign organization will be fully responsible for handling your inquiry on their own, without any involvement from VeraSafe. In our role as a representative working on behalf of foreign organizations, we can facilitate communication between you and the foreign organization but we don’t have any way to resolve your inquiry ourselves. We want to help you, but we have no power to force any foreign organization to respond to your inquiry, even if we (you and us) both think they should.
Since VeraSafe has a legal obligation to relay your inquiry to the foreign organization you identify above, your rights to request that we not use your data for this purpose are quite limited. Likewise, please be aware that we have a legal obligation to document how we handle your inquiries, which may prevent us from erasing your personal data upon your request. If you do not want VeraSafe to process your personal data, you must not submit such personal data to us in any way. You can always direct your concern to the foreign organization directly (instead of VeraSafe), and you have no obligation to send your inquiry to VeraSafe.
Examples of inquiries that are not likely to be accepted using this form:
Customer service issues
Inquiries that don’t provide enough information or context
Complaints that involve any threats, abusive language, or delivering legal notices
Requests for legal advice
Issues un-related to data protection
Inquiries directed to organizations that have not appointed any VeraSafe entity or affiliate as their Data Protection Representative
Examples of inquiries that are likely to be accepted using this form:
Substantive privacy concerns
Inquiries from regulatory agencies
Requests to exercise privacy rights
Sub-policy 1
https://corp.playlinks.com/privacy-rights:
GAMES
STORY
About us
Announcement
Press
Benefit
CAREER
BLOG
SUPPORT
ENGLISH
Global Polish
line-payment1
line-payment2
サービス運営方針
利用規約
服務條款
隱私權政策
個人情報保護方針
服務作業政策
Terms of Services
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY RIGHTS_CCPA
Service Operation Policy
gdpr
Self-Exclusion Policy
Responsible Gaming Policy
Privacy Policy_DOTISOFT
Your California Privacy Rights
Right to Opt-Out :
We use and share your personal information only in accordance with this privacy policy. We do not believe this use and sharing is a sale under the CCPA. We have not sold your personal information in the last 12 months and we currently do not have any plans to sell your personal information in the future.
Do Not Track :
CCPA requires us to inform you how we respond to web browser Do Not Track(DNT) signals. Because there is no industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we do not respond to DNT signals at this time.
Exercising your rights :
If you want to exercise your California privacy rights or if you have any questions regarding our practices, please e-mail us(helpcenter@playlinks.com).