Our Privacy Policy
Contents
Introduction
Part 1: General terms
Find out about:
Types of personal information we may collect
Why, when and how personal information is collected and held
Why we need your personally identifiable information
Use of your personal information
Disclosing your personal information
Communicating with you and direct marketing
How you can access your personal information
How you can correct personal information
Disclosure overseas
Privacy Policy Updates
How you can contact us
Part 2: Health insurance services
Find out about:
The types of personal information we may collect
When we collect personal information
Use of your personal information
Disclosing your personal information
Couples and family health insurance policies
Corporate health insurance policies for religious organisations
Part 3: Amplar Health services
Find out about:
Types of personal information we may collect
When we collect your personal information
Use of your personal information
Disclosing your personal information
Part 4: Wellbeing programs
Find out about:
Types of personal information we may collect
When we collect personal information
Use of your personal information
Disclosing your personal information
Other important information
Part 5: All other services
Find out about:
The types of personal information we may collect
When we collect your personal information
Use of your personal information
How we disclose personal information
How we handle personal information as a contracted health service provider
Glossary of terms
Introduction
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect and handle your personal information. It also describes your rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you.
This Privacy Policy applies to everyone who has a current or past relationship with Medibank Group Companies. This includes:
private health insurance members of Medibank,
customers or individuals who contact us regarding any products and services offered by Medibank Group Companies, and
individuals whose personal information we have collected in the course of our functions and activities, such as service providers, contractors and prospective employees.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to ahm. ahm has its own privacy policy available on the ahm website:
https://ahm.com.au/privacy-policy
How to read this policy
This Privacy Policy is structured in five Parts:
Part 1 sets out general terms that apply to the provision of products and services by Medibank Group Companies that are covered by this Privacy Policy,
Part 2 sets out provisions that apply to the provision of health insurance services by Medibank (but not ahm),
Part 3 sets out provisions that apply to the provision of health services with Amplar Health,
Part 4 sets out provisions that apply to the provision of Wellbeing Programs by Medibank Group Companies, and
Part 5 sets out provisions that apply to the provision of other services by Medibank Group Companies.
Back to top of page
Part 1: General terms
Section 1: Types of personal information we may collect
The types of personal information we may collect about you include:
(a) identifying information such as name, date of birth and employment details,
(b) contact information such as home address, home and mobile phone numbers and email address, and in some cases your work contact details,
(c) financial information such as bank account and credit card details,
(d) information about involvement in other programs that you participate in or memberships you may have,
(e) if you visit our website, your IP address and IMEI information,
(f) information about your health,
(g) information about your usage of our website and apps, and
(h) other personal information described in Parts 2 to 5 (as applicable).
The personal information we collect depends on your relationship with us. It can be information we use to identify and contact you, and manage your account (if any). Some of the information can be sensitive, like details about your health.
Section 2 : Collecting personal information
Why we collect personal information
We collect personal information:
(a) to enable us and our third party suppliers and partners to provide or offer to provide you with products and services. These products and services include Insurance and Health Products,
(b) where we are required to do so by law, or
(c) where you provide personal information to us as a service provider, contractor, or prospective employee, for the purposes for which you provided us with the information, and any related purposes.
When we collect personal information
We may collect personal information at various times, including when you:
(a) contact us by phone, mail, email or online or visit us in person,
(b) start or complete a request for quote, an application form or other type of form in relation to our products and services,
(c) make a claim, or
(d) visit our website or when you input or allow collection of information through our apps.
How we collect and hold personal information
We may collect personal information about you directly from you or from other sources such as:
(a) an employer, educational institution, government agency or adviser (or their authorised representatives) who has dealt with you,
(b) persons who are authorised to share personal information with us. These include people you have authorised to deal with us in relation to your arrangements, such as attorneys you have appointed under a power of attorney, your guardian, or your other agents or representatives,
(c) Medibank Group Companies who have provided you with health services or other services,
(d) if you are a health service provider, from relevant government or industry services, databases and directories,
(e) service providers that assist us to provide goods or services or to operate or administer our business (for example, by assisting us with marketing, planning and product or service development),
(f) third parties who we partner with or use to offer or provide you with products and services,
(g) CCTV cameras at our offices and retail centres,
(h) publicly available sources or networking services. We may do this to offer you our products and services or to verify identity or other information provided by you,
(i) by using cookies to understand how you use our website and apps. We only use cookies if the privacy settings you have chosen on your device allow it to accept our cookies. You can access the content on our website without accepting cookies, but will find navigation and returning to our website easier if you accept cookies,
(j) information sources, service providers or organisations that we use to prevent or minimise the risk of fraud, and
(k) other sources described in Parts 1 to 5 (as applicable).
We collect personal information so that we can provide products and services to our customers and members. We also collect it when required by law and for any other purpose you have provided information to us for. We do this at different times and in several ways.
Section 3: Why we need your personally identifiable information
Where it is lawful and practicable for us, you can choose not to identify yourself when dealing with us and to use a pseudonym. However, in many situations, we need your identity details. For example, we need your name and date of birth if you want to have private health insurance coverage with us that receives the applicable government rebate. We also need to verify your identity to set up and allow you to access your policy, membership and records.
If you do not provide or allow us to have your personal information when we need it, we may be unable to provide you with some or all of the products and services you require. If you ask us, we will tell you what personal information we need to provide you with a particular product or service.
In some limited circumstances, you may be able to choose whether to identify yourself when you deal with us.
Section 4: Use of your personal information
We may use personal information for any of the following purposes:
(a) to manage our relationship with you, to identify and communicate with you, or to provide you with products, services or information that you have requested,
(b) to manage and resolve any legal, clinical or commercial complaints or issues,
(c) to analyse, investigate, pursue and prevent suspected fraudulent or criminal activities,
(d) where we record your calls, to identify you and manage our relationship with you. We may also use call recordings, for training, coaching and development purposes unless you ask us not to at the time of the call,
(e) to improve our voice-imprinting IVR systems and our voice recognition software,
(f) to comply with our legal obligations or enforce our legal rights, or as otherwise required or authorised by law,
(g) subject to section 6, to promote and market Insurance and Health Products to you or to keep you informed of special offers from Medibank Group Companies and third parties,
(h) to manage, review, improve and develop our membership offerings, products and services or our business and operational processes and systems. This includes obtaining feedback, and undertaking business intelligence, analytics and research activities and projects or partnering with third parties to assist us to do so,
(i) to assist you with assessing your suitability for insurance products or health related services,
(j) to undertake other general functions and activities relating to the operation of our business and assets. This includes training, coaching, development, and audit, or
(k) other purposes described in Parts 2 to 5 (as applicable).
We use your personal information in a number of ways. This includes what we need to do to manage our relationship with you, and what’s required by law.
Section 5: Disclosing your personal information
In collecting and using personal information, we may disclose personal information:
(a) to your agents, advisors or other persons whom you have authorised, or who are responsible for you,
(b) to our agents, service providers and professional advisors,
(c) to payment system operators and financial institutions,
(d) to government agencies,
(e) to other health funds, service providers or organisations who assist us in the detection and investigation of fraud,
(f) to other parties to whom we are authorised or required by law to disclose information,
(g) on a de-identified basis, to third parties that we partner with to provide or improve our products and services. We will only disclose your identifiable information to them with your consent,
(h) to potential or actual buyers of parts or all of our assets or businesses, or
(i) to anyone else described in Parts 2 to 5 (as applicable).
There’s a range of people and organisations we may share your personal information with. We share personal information only as legally permitted.
Section 6: Communicating with you and direct marketing
Service-related communications
We will communicate with you using the contact details that we have collected for you. In some circumstances and for some products and services, we will require an email address to communicate with you.
If you provide us with an email address, we will send most service-related communications to you by email. Service-related communications are the essential things you need to know about our products and services. For example, in relation to your insurance cover, service-related communications include annual tax statements, changes to premiums and account notices.
Marketing communications
If you consent to receive marketing communications from us, or where we are permitted to do so by law, we may contact or approach you directly to promote and market health services to you and keep you informed of special offers from relevant Medibank Group Companies and third parties. We may do this via various channels (for example, by mail, SMS, phone, email and MMS messages, through targeted marketing on social media platforms, in app or push notifications).
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications at any time by:
(a) submitting a ‘unsubscribe’ request via the link in our communications,
(b) updating your communication preference settings on our relevant app(s), or
(c) letting us know through our details set out in section 11.
However:
(d) you will still receive the service-related communications described in section 6,
(e) you will need to opt-out separately from direct marketing from each of Medibank Group Companies and from direct marketing in our lifestyle and wellbeing apps,
(f) we may be required to share your details with our marketing partners and service providers to ensure that they do not direct market you, and
(g) if you have provided us, our marketing partners or service providers with several different email addresses or contact details, you will need to let us know which of the email addresses or contact details that the opt-out will apply to.
We send both service-related and, from time to time, marketing communications. You can decide whether to receive marketing communications or not.
Section 7: How you can access your personal information
You can ask us for access to the information we hold about you at any time. To enable us to assess and respond to your request promptly, please call or email us through the communication channels in section 11 and provide us with all necessary information about your records. To protect you and us from fraud and misuse of your information, when you contact us to seek access to your personal information, we will need to be reasonably satisfied it is you or a person you have authorised. To do this, we may:
require you to verify your identity (such as by using two factor authentication or provide us with your certified ID), or
use a third party and secure service or your IMEI or IP address to assist us to verify your identity.
We will endeavour to respond in a reasonable time, usually within 30 days of receipt of your request.
We may charge a reasonable fee for providing your personal information. We will let you know in advance of charging any fee to confirm that you still wish to proceed with your request. In some circumstances, we may refuse to provide you with access to your personal information. If we do this, we will write to you to let you know.
Your information belongs to you, and you can ask us for it anytime. When you request it you will need to confirm your identity, and give us a reasonable time to get it back to you.
Section 8: How you can correct personal information
To enable us to provide the best services to you, it is important that the information we hold about you is up to date. Please let us know when your details change.
If you believe any information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please let us know through the communications channels described in section 11. We will take reasonable steps to update any personal information about you that is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading.
In some circumstances, we may refuse to correct your personal information. If we do this, we will write to you to let you know.
It’s important to make sure that the details we have for you are correct.
Section 9: Disclosure overseas
We may disclose your personal information to organisations located outside of Australia from time to time in the ordinary course of our business, functions or activities. Most of these overseas organisations are service providers or their related entities which provide support and assistance to us in delivering our products and services to you and are likely to be located in the following countries:
Canada
Fiji
France
Germany
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Japan
Mauritius
Netherlands
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore
South Africa
United Kingdom
United States
Vietnam
We may also disclose your personal information to an overseas organisation if you have a corporate health insurance product and we are instructed by your employer to disclose your information to that overseas organisation in order to administer your policy.
We may sometimes share your personal information with organisations overseas that support and help us.
Section 10: Privacy Policy Updates
We will review and update this privacy policy from time to time where necessary to reflect changes in applicable laws or in our privacy management practices. Where we make a material change to our privacy policy, we will notify you in writing or through our website.
The most up-to-date version of our privacy policy can always be found on our website,
medibank.com.au
.
Our privacy policy online is always up to date, and you can check it anytime. We’ll let you know if there are any plans to make a change that could be negative to you.
Section 11: How you can contact us
Contact details for specific privacy queries
Medibank:
Contact us via Live Messaging
Call us on
132 331
, or
Visit one of
our stores
.
Amplar Health:
Email us at
MHSPrivacyInbox@medibank.com.au
and ensure that you state the programme (or product or service) you are enrolled in or receiving.
Wellbeing Programs (including Live Better):
Access the “About Me” page in Medibank’s lifestyle and wellbeing apps (for in app preferences only)
For other matters, email us at
privacy@medibank.com.au
, or
If you are a provider:
Call us on
1300 130 460
.
General privacy queries or complaints
If you have any concerns or queries about the manner in which your personal information has been handled, please contact our Privacy Officer at:
Group Privacy Officer
Medibank Private Limited
GPO Box 9999 (Your Capital City)
or
privacy@medibank.com.au
If you wish to make a formal complaint, please provide your complaint in writing to our Group Privacy Officer and provide all information relevant to your complaint. We will receive and be able to action your request faster if you email it to us using the details above.
If we have not responded to you within a reasonable time or if your complaint is not resolved to your satisfaction, you are entitled under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) to make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. You can do so
here
.
How to contact us.
Back to top of page
Part 2: Health insurance services
This Part applies to everyone who has, or has applied for, private health insurance with Medibank (but not ahm). It applies in addition to Part One.
Section 12: The types of personal information we may collect
The types of personal information we may collect about you includes:
(a) the types of personal information described in section 1,
(b) identification information (such as driver’s licence number and Medibank member card number),
(c) your power of attorney (if you have one),
(d) government-issued identifiers including Medicare number, and
(e) sensitive information, including:
(i) information about your health, health services provided to you and your claims, and
(ii) other sensitive information, such as your race and ethnicity where we are required to collect it.
In addition to the information in Section 1, if you’re a Medibank health insurance member we will also collect specific information relevant to your health insurance membership. This includes claim and identification information.
Section 13: When we collect personal information
We may collect personal information about you:
(a) in the circumstances set out in section 2,
(b) from an agency or organisation on whose behalf we are providing you with services or products (for example, where we act as their agent),
(e) from another health fund and your co-insured, if you have requested a transfer of your health insurance between that fund and us,
(f) from a third party such as a hospital, dentist, nurse, doctor, optometrist, community worker or other health service provider who has treated you, or who has been engaged to provide you with clinical or non-clinical care,
(f) from a third party from whom we need information relating to a health insurance claim that you have made, or
(g) if you are covered by a couples or family health insurance policy with us, in the circumstances set out below in section 16.
We collect personal information at different times and in several ways. This includes when you fill out one of our application forms, contact us, or make a claim. We collect this information from you, and people you have authorised. We may also do so from sources like hospitals, health providers, or health agencies.
Section 14: Use of your personal information
We may use personal information about you:
(a) in the circumstances set out in section 4, or
(b) to process your policy application and manage your policy, including to process and audit payments and claims.
We use your personal information in a number of ways. This includes what we need to do to manage our relationship with you as our Medibank health insurance member, and what’s required by law.
Section 15: Disclosing your personal information
We may disclose personal information about you:
(a) in the circumstances set out in section 5,
(b) with your consent, to Medibank Group Companies for the purpose of:
(i) assisting us to ascertain if your existing cover is adequate for your current and foreseeable future needs, or
(ii) offering ancillary services, health management programs and services which may be of benefit to you,
(c) if you have registered with a Wellbeing Program that provides you with rewards or benefits based on eligible Medibank health insurance claims, to the Medibank Group Company that operates that Wellbeing Program,
(d) to health service providers to provide clinical or health services that you have requested. These providers include doctors, hospitals, physiotherapists, nurses, dietitians, cardiac rehabilitation nurses, speech therapists, podiatrists, and other clinicians,
(e) if you have OSHC or a visitors cover product, to your educational institution, migration agent or broker,
(f) if you purchase an insurance product from us as an authorised representative of a third party general insurer, we will disclose your application information to the general insurer. However, we will not, without your consent:
(i) disclose information about your private health insurance policy (except the fact that you or a co-policy holder are a member of Medibank) and claims history; or
(ii) refer to your other personal information held by us, such as your membership or claims information, in acting as an authorised representative of that general insurer,
(g) if you have a corporate health insurance product, to your employer (or their authorised representatives),
(h) if you are covered by a couples or family health insurance policy with us, in the circumstances set out below in section 16, or
(i) if you are a member of a religious order and covered by a corporate health insurance policy for your religious order, in the circumstances set out below in section 17.
There’s a range of people and organisations we may share your personal information with. We do this to provide you with our health insurance service. We also do it to provide any associated services you have subscribed to as part of your Medibank health insurance membership.
Section 16: Couples and family health insurance policies
Collection of personal information
If you are a partner or dependent child covered by a couples or family health insurance policy, we may also collect information about you from the policy holder who set up the policy. If you are 16 years or older, that policy holder must ensure that they have the authority and consents from you to provide your information to us.
Disclosure of personal information
If you are a person covered by a couples or family health insurance policy, we may also disclose:
(a) claims and general policy information to the policy holder. However, if you are aged 16 years or older, we will not disclose information about your health insurance claims (except claims payments) without your consent unless we are permitted or required by law to do so (such as on a transfer certificate if you move to another health insurer),
(b) personal information about you as part of administering the policy and paying benefits, or
(c) if you or the main policy holder has requested a transfer certificate, to your co-insured. Please note that we are required by law to state in the transfer certificate if anyone covered by the policy has exercised their lifetime mental health waiver.
If you choose to pay for another policy holder’s health insurance policy, you acknowledge that:
(a) even though you are responsible for payment, we are not permitted to disclose information about their policy, claims or personal information to you, and
(b) if you notify us that you will cease making payments for that policy, we will contact the policy holder to advise them that their policy will be or is un-financial due to a cancelled payment or failed debit.
Divorce or separation
Under our fund rules, if the policy holder and their partner under a couples or family health insurance policy separate or divorce, the partner must be removed from that policy and take out a separate health insurance policy. This is also intended to protect the privacy of both the policy holder and their ex-partner. In this regard, we cannot provide information to either the policy holder or their ex-partner as about the other’s health insurance policies. We also cannot provide information either of them about whether or not any dependent children are covered under the health insurance policies of the other.
Family Violence
If you are a victim of family violence or stalking, or have concerns about your personal safety, we encourage you to let us know to discuss further privacy protections that we may be able to provide you.
We may collect or share information with the person who holds the policy. If you’re over 16, you will need to provide permission for some of this.
If you separate or divorce, you and your ex-partner will need to take out separate policies.
Section 17: Corporate health insurance policies for religious organisations
If you are a member of a religious order and covered by a corporate health insurance policy for your religious order, we will disclose your personal information to the person responsible for administering that policy for your religious order, for the purposes of processing your policy application and managing your policy. This includes:
(a) sharing information about:
(i) premiums (including any Australian government rebate which may apply),
(ii) personal information such as name, address, date of birth of all members under the policy,
(iii) details of your insurance cover, or
(iv) details about your claims, and
(b) allowing your religious order’s administrative person to make changes to your health insurance policy, including:
(i) suspending your policy,
(ii) closing your policy,
(iii) changing the scale of your policy,
(iv) changing the cover of your policy,
(v) administrative changes, such as ordering new cards, or
(vi) directing where claims benefits are to be paid.
We share your personal information with the policy administrator. This is so that we can process your application and manage your policy.
Back to top of page
Part 3: Amplar Health services
This Part applies to everyone who has, or has applied for, health services with Amplar Health.
This includes the following services:
(a) virtual health services,
(b) allied health services (for example, physiotherapy, occupational therapy, and podiatry services),
(c) at-home health services, and
(d) advice and coaching.
This Part applies in addition to Part 1.
Section 18: Types of personal information we may collect
The types of personal information we may collect about you includes:
(a) the types of personal information described in section 1,
(b) identification information for identity verification, such as driver’s licence and Medibank member card,
(c) government-issued identifiers including Medicare numbers,
(d) sensitive information, including:
(i) information about your health, health history, health services provided to you and your claims,
(ii) biometric information and templates,
(iii) other sensitive information – such as your race and ethnicity where we are required to collect it, and
(e) information about your activities, including sporting and other lifestyle interests.
In addition to the information in Section 1, if you receive services from Amplar health we will also collect specific information that’s relevant to our providing these services.
Section 19: When we collect your personal information
We may collect personal information about you:
(a) in the circumstances set out in section 2,
(b) from an agency or organisation on whose behalf we are providing you with services or products (for example, where we act as their agent),
(c) from a third party such as a hospital, dentist, nurse, doctor, optometrist, community worker or other health service provider who has treated you, or that we have engaged to provide you with clinical or non-clinical care,
(d) from a third party from whom we need information relating to a health insurance claim that you have made,
(e) from an agency, organisation or provider that has referred you to us for clinical or non-clinical care,
(f) from another person covered by your policy, or
(g) your health fund who funds your health service.
In addition to the information in Section 2, we may collect information from sources like hospitals, health providers, health agencies, or health program funders.
Section 20: Use of your personal information
We may use personal information about you in the circumstances set out in section 4.
Section 21: Disclosing your personal information
We may disclose personal information about you:
(a) in the circumstances set out in section 5,
(b) to Medibank Group Companies for the purpose of:
(i) providing you with health services you have requested,
(ii) ensuring you are eligible for services and that our records for you are accurate, or for updating your policy if necessary,
(iii) with your consent, assisting us to ascertain if your existing cover is adequate for your current and foreseeable future needs, or
(iv) with your consent, offering ancillary services, health management programs and services which may be of benefit to you,
(c) to the funders of services provided to you,
(d) to health service providers to provide clinical or health services to you. These providers include doctors, hospitals, physiotherapists, nurses, dietitians, cardiac rehabilitation nurses, speech therapists, podiatrists, and other clinicians, or
(e) to service providers to provide non-clinical services to you. The providers include gardeners, cleaners, transport providers, accommodation providers and carers, as relevant to the services provided to you.
In addition to the information in section 5, we may share information about you with other sources like Medibank Group Companies, health program funders, and health service providers.
Back to top of page
Part 4: Wellbeing programs
This Part applies to everyone who has registered for a Wellbeing Program.
It applies in addition to Part One.
Section 22: Types of personal information we may collect
The types of personal information we may collect about you includes:
(a) the types of personal information described in section 1,
(b) phone type, browser type, operating system, and IP address,
(c) any information about your lifestyle, activities, interests, diet, exercise, biometrics, health goals or other health related information that:
(i) you input into our Wellbeing Program apps,
(ii) you authorise our rewards partners to provide to us in connection with our Wellbeing Programs, or
(iii) you authorise your credit, debit or loyalty card provider to provide to us in connection with our Wellbeing Programs,
(d) if you have registered with a Wellbeing Program that provides you with rewards or benefits based on eligible Medibank health insurance claims, information about those eligible claims, and
(e) information from apps or devices (such as wearable devices or phones) that you allow our lifestyle and wellbeing apps to access, including:
(i) biometric information and templates, such as voice recognition information, and
(ii) activity and health information.
If you subscribe to any of our Wellbeing Programs, we will collect personal information to bring you our wellbeing program. Some of the information can be sensitive, like details about your health and lifestyle. We also collect information about the technology you’re using to access our apps.
Section 23: When we collect personal information
We may collect personal information about you:
(a) in the circumstances set out in section 2,
(b) when you subscribe to or use one of our lifestyle and wellbeing apps,
(c) from our rewards partners when you authorise them to provide us information in connection with our Wellbeing Programs,
(d) from your credit, debit or loyalty card provider, when you authorise them to provide us information in connection with our Wellbeing Programs,
(e) if you have registered with a Wellbeing Program which rewards you based on your eligible Medibank health insurance claims, when you make any eligible claims, or
(f) from our partners whose apps and devices you connect to our lifestyle and wellbeing apps.
In addition to the information in Section 2, we may also collect your information from sources like our apps, and authorised partners and providers.
Section 24: Use of your personal information
We may use personal information about you for any of the following purposes:
(a) to provide you with any Wellbeing Programs that you have registered for,
(b) to manage our relationship with you, to identify and communicate with you, or to provide you with products, services or information that you have requested,
(c) to manage and resolve any legal or commercial complaints or issues,
(d) to analyse, investigate, pursue and prevent suspected fraudulent or criminal activities,
(e) where we record your calls, to identify you and manage our relationship with you. We may also use call recordings, for training, coaching and development purposes unless you ask us not to at the time of the call, or
(f) to improve our voice-imprinting IVR systems and our voice recognition software,
(g) to comply with our legal obligations or enforce our legal rights, or as otherwise required or authorised by law,
(h) subject to section 6, to promote and market Insurance and Health Products to you or to keep you informed of special offers from Medibank Group Companies and third parties,
(i) to manage, review, improve and develop our Wellbeing Program membership offerings, products and services or our business and operational processes and systems. This includes obtaining feedback, and undertaking business intelligence, analytics and research activities and projects or partnering with third parties to assist us to do so, or
(j) to undertake other general functions and activities relating to the operation of our business and assets. This includes training, coaching, development, and audit.
We will not link your Wellbeing Program to any Medibank private health insurance account you may have with us unless you consent to us doing so.
We use your personal information in a number of ways. This includes what we need to do to bring you our wellbeing programs, and what’s required by law.
Section 25: Disclosing your personal information
We may disclose personal information about you:
(a) in the circumstances set out in section 5,
(b) if you have registered with a Wellbeing Program that provides you with rewards or benefits based on eligible Medibank health insurance claims, to Medibank for the purposes of that Wellbeing Program,
(c) to our third party Wellbeing Program providers and suppliers to the extent necessary for them to facilitate or manage the operation of the Wellbeing Program,
(d) to our rewards partners in any Wellbeing Program and any third party credit card linking solution provider, to the extent necessary to facilitate your participation in the Wellbeing Program and to allow you to earn or redeem rewards,
(e) to our activity tracking partners, or
(f) to other Wellbeing Program users and your competition or team members, where you choose to enable this functionality in the Wellbeing Program app.
There’s a range of people and organisations we may share your personal information with. We do it so that we, and our rewards partners, providers and suppliers, can provide you with products and services. We also share personal information where required by law.
Section 26: Other important information
If you link any of our Wellbeing Program apps to your wearable fitness devices:
(a) you may be asked to agree to the app provider’s privacy policy, and we will not be responsible for the collection and use practices of the app provider in respect of your personal information, and
(b) please visit the app provider’s website to understand their privacy practices and options they may make available to you in relation to their collection and use of your personal information.
Back to top of page
Part 5: All other services
This Part applies to everyone who obtains services or products from Medibank Group Companies that are not covered by Part Two, Part Three or Part Four.
That includes travel, pet, life and funeral insurance products, as well as non-Medibank branded services that we provide as a contracted health service provider. This Part applies in addition to Part One.
Section 27: The types of personal information we may collect
The types of personal information we may collect about you includes:
(a) the types of personal information described in section 1 ,
(b) identification information such as driver’s licence number and Medibank member card number,
(c) government-issued identifiers including Medicare number, and
(d) sensitive information, including:
(i) information about your health, health services provided to you and your claims,
(ii) biometric information and templates, such as voice recognition information, and
(iii) other sensitive information - such as your race and ethnicity where we are required to collect it.
In addition to the information in Section 1, we may also collect other identification information, government-issued identifiers, and sensitive information.
Section 28: When we collect your personal information
We may collect personal information about you:
(a) in the circumstances set out in section 2,
(b) from another person covered by your policy (or person setting up a policy to cover you),
(c) from an agency or organisation on whose behalf we are providing you with services or products (for example, where we act as their agent),
(d) from another insurance company and your co-insured, if you have requested a transfer of your insurance between that fund and us, so as to facilitate that transfer, or
(e) if you purchase a travel or life insurance product from us, from a third party such as a hospital, dentist, nurse, doctor, optometrist, community worker or other health service provider who has treated you, or that has been engaged to provide you with clinical or non-clinical care under the product.
We may collect your information at different times, from different sources.
Section 29: Use of your personal information
We may use personal information about you:
(a) in the circumstances set out in section 4,
(b) to process your policy application and manage your policy, including to process and audit payments and claims, or
(c) to verify your identity, if you are the power of attorney of a person that has, or has applied for, private health insurance with Medibank.
In addition to the circumstances in Section 4, we may use your personal information to manage your policy and policy information, or verify your identity.
Section 30: How we disclose personal information
We may disclose personal information about you:
(a) in the circumstances set out in section 5,
(b) with your consent, to Medibank Group Companies for the purposes of:
(i) assisting us to ascertain if your existing cover is adequate for your current and foreseeable future needs,
(ii) offering ancillary services, health management programs and services which may be of benefit to you,
(c) if you purchase a travel or life insurance product from us, to health service providers to provide clinical or health services to you under that product. These providers include doctors, hospitals, physiotherapists, nurses, dietitians, cardiac rehabilitation nurses, speech therapists, podiatrists, and other clinicians,
(d) to other persons covered by your policy as part of administering the policy and paying benefits,
(e) to your educational institution, migration agent or broker if you have a visitors cover product,
(f) if you purchase an insurance product from us as an authorised representative of a third party general insurer, we will disclose your application information to the general insurer. However, we will not, without your consent:
(i) disclose information about your private health insurance policy (except the fact that you or a co-policy holder are a member of Medibank) and claims history, or
(ii) refer to your other personal information held by us such as your membership or claims information in acting as an authorised representative of that general insurer, or
(g) to your employer (or their authorised representatives) if you have a corporate insurance product.
In addition to the circumstances in section 5, we may share your personal information with Medibank Group Companies, health service providers, and other people on the policy.
Section 31: How we handle personal information as a contracted health service provider
We may provide non-Medibank or non-Amplar Health branded services as a contracted health service provider. In this situation, we will handle personal information in accordance with the contract we have with the third party who is providing you with the relevant services. That organisation’s privacy policy will apply to the services you receive. We will not disclose information we collect to other Medibank Group Companies.
If you call a non-Medibank branded telehealth line (that we provide as a service provider to other entities and government departments):
(a) your information is segregated and not included or compared with our data about you as a Medibank member or prospective member, and
(b) we will not share your personal information between Medibank Group Companies.
When we provide health services on behalf of another organisation, we keep to that organisation’s privacy policies. We don’t share your personal information with any Medibank Group Companies.
Back to top of page
Glossary of terms
ahm
The health insurance services business carried on by Medibank under the brand ‘ahm’ (including ahm health insurance, ahm OSHC and ahm by Medibank’) and Medibank’s subsidiary, Australian Health Management Group Pty Ltd (ABN 96 003 683 298).
Amplar Health
The business of providing health services carried on by members of the MHS Group. See more at https://amplarhealth.com.au/.
IMEI
International Mobile Equipment Identity number.
Insurance and Health Products
Insurance, health-related services or products or offerings from us or our partners.
Live Better
The Wellbeing Program known as ‘Live Better by Medibank’ (
https://www.medibank.com.au/livebetter/
).
Medibank
Medibank Private Limited (ABN 47 080 890 259).
Medibank Group Companies
Medibank, MHS Group, and Medibank Private Employee Share Plan Trust (ABN 53 501 924 436).
MHS
Medibank Health Solutions Pty Limited (ABN 99 078 934 791), formerly Health Services Australia Pty Ltd.
MHS Group
MHS and each of the following subsidiaries:
(a) MHSI Pty Ltd (ABN 57 659 284 607),
(b) MH Operations Pty Ltd (ABN 15 659 287 680),
(c) Integrated Care Services Pty Ltd (ABN 71 059 950 695), trading as Amplar Preventative Health,
(d) Medibank Health Solutions Telehealth Pty Limited (ABN 40 069 396 792), trading as Amplar Virtual Health,
(e) MH Solutions Investments Pty Ltd (ABN 52 642 022 124),
(f) Medi Financial Services Pty Ltd (ABN 94 138 752 815),
(g) Live Better Management Pty Ltd (ABN 93 003 457 289), and
(h) MH Investment Holdings Pty Ltd (ABN 18 169 818 884) and the following subsidiaries:
(i) Amplar Home Health Pty Ltd (ABN 59 008 193 100), formerly Home Support Services Pty Ltd and
(ii) Healthstrong Pty Ltd (ABN 61 155 277 919) trading as Amplar Allied Health.
OSHC
Overseas student health cover.
we, us or our
Medibank and/or one or more Medibank Group Companies, where the context requires.
Wellbeing Program
A Medibank Group Company lifestyle and wellbeing program (such as Live Better) which may be delivered through an application (app) or through other means.
Back to top of page
Did you find this information useful?
Yes
No
Leave your details and a Medibank expert will be in touch to take you through your options. In
providing your telephone number, you consent to Medibank contacting you about health
insurance.
Your name
.
Phone number
I am a Medibank member
Submit
We'll have someone call you soon to help with any questions you have.
Ok
What program are you interested in?
Special Pandemic Support
COVID-19 Monitoring at Home
COVID-19 Recovery at Home
Do you have current Hospital cover with Medibank?
Yes
No
Sorry, only members with current Hospital cover are
eligible to participate in these programs
Eligible Medibank members with Extras cover are able to
access a range of telehealth services included on their
cover - you can find out more
here
. Alternatively, if you would like to talk to one of our
team about your cover, we're here on
132 331
.
Next
Your membership details
Please provide your details so we can know how to contact you.
Medibank policy number
First name
Date of birth
Your contact details
Contact number
Email address
By clicking Submit, I understand that Medibank or its
subsidiaries may contact me to discuss my eligibility for the
Covid-19 Heath Assist program(s), and will disclose my
personal information within the Medibank Group of companies
and to third party service providers. Please see Medibank’s
privacy policy for further information about how Medibank will
handle my personal information, and how to contact Medibank:
https://www.medibank.com.au/privacy/
Submit
Back
Thank you for expressing your interest in one of our COVID-19
Health Assist programs.
If you are eligible, one of our health professionals will call you
in 2-3 business days to discuss your situation and help to enrol
you in the relevant program.
There is no cost to participate, however some referred services
may incur an out of pocket cost.
Back to homepage
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://ahm.com.au/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
log in
log in
health insurance
travel insurance
car insurance
home insurance
health
Find cover
Compare hospital
Compare extras
Compare packages
Pregnancy
Tax & hospital cover
Overseas students
(opens in a new tab)
Latest offers
No gap dental
Youth discount
National Pickleball League
new!
Feel good Fridays at HOYTS
Specsavers
See all perks
travel
car
home
life
income
pet
(opens in a new tab)
help
contact us
Privacy policy
Your right to privacy is one of the most important things to us at ahm.
Introduction
General Terms
Health Insurance Services
All Other Services
Contents
Part 1: General terms
Find out about:
Types of personal information we may collect
Why, when and how personal information is collected and held
Why we need your personally identifiable information
Use of your personal information
Disclosing your personal information
Communicating with you and direct marketing
How you can access your personal information
How you can correct personal information
Disclosure overseas
Privacy Policy Updates
How you can contact us
Part 2: Health insurance services
Find out about:
The types of personal information we may collect
When we collect personal information
Use of your personal information
Disclosing your personal information
Couples and family health insurance policies
Corporate health insurance policies for religious organisations
Part 3: All other services
Find out about:
The types of personal information we may collect
When we collect your personal information
Use of your personal information
How we disclose personal information
How we handle personal information as a contracted health service provider
Introduction
Who we are
We are Medibank Private Limited ABN 47 080 890 259 (Medibank) trading as ahm, and our subsidiaries including:
Australian Health Management Group Pty Ltd ABN 96 003 683 298 (ahm)
References to ‘us’, ‘we’ or ‘our’ include Medibank, trading as ahm.
In this privacy policy you will see the terms ‘personal information’ and ‘sensitive information’ used. These terms have the following definitions:
‘personal information’ means information that identifies you or can be used to identify you, or from which you are reasonably identifiable.
‘sensitive information’ is a sub-set of personal information and includes information about your health, health services provided to you and your claims. Sensitive information is more protected under Privacy Laws than are other forms of personal information.
In this privacy policy, and unless otherwise stated, all references to ‘personal information’ include ‘sensitive information’.
This privacy policy applies to:
All current and past members of ahm whose personal information we have collected
All individuals whose personal information is collected in relation to the products and services offered by ahm
All individuals whose personal information is collected by us in the course of our functions and activities, such as service providers, contractors and prospective employees.
For the privacy policy that applies to personal information collected in relation to the products and services offered by the Medibank Group of Companies outside of the ahm brand, please refer to
https://www.medibank.com.au/privacy/
(opens in a new tab)
.
Part 1: General terms
Section 1: The types of personal information we may collect
The types of personal information we may collect depends on our relationship with you, and may include:
identifying information such as name, date of birth and employment details;
identification information for identity verification, such as your driver’s licence and ahm member card;
contact information such as home address, home and mobile phone numbers and email address, and in some cases your work contact details;
government-issued identifiers including Medicare numbers;
financial information, such as bank account and card details;
sensitive information, including:
information about your health, health services provided to you and your claims;
biometric information and templates, such as voice recognition information;
lifestyle, diet, exercise and health related information that you self input into our wellbeing apps;
other sensitive information – such as your race and ethnicity where we are required to collect it;
information about your activities, including sporting and other lifestyle interests;
information about involvement in other programs you participate in or memberships you may have;
your ahm membership number, if you sign up for other ahm products or services;
your IP and/or IMEI information to detect unauthorised access to your membership and identify potential fraud and criminal behaviour; and
information about your usage of our website and apps for the purposes of analytics (including when you use our website and apps and what you do, and the information you input, while using them), and subject to your marketing preferences – to target marketing to you (based upon your demographic information and use of our app and website). To gain this information we will use cookies, if the privacy settings you have chosen on your device allow it to accept our cookies. You can, if you wish, access the content on our website without accepting cookies, but will find navigation and returning to our website easier if you accept cookies.
The personal information we collect depends on your relationship with us. It can be information we use to identify and contact you, and manage your account (if any). Some of the information can be sensitive, like details about your health.
Section 2: Why, when and how personal information is collected and held
Why we collect and use your personal information
We collect your personal information to enable Medibank Group Companies and our third party suppliers and partners to provide you with products and services, including insurance, health-related services, partner offerings and information on other products and services (collectively Insurance and Health Products). We may also be required by law to collect some personal information.
Where you provide personal information to the Medibank Group Companies as a service provider, contractor or prospective employee, we collect your personal information to enable us to fulfil the purpose and related purposes for which you provided the information.
How we collect your personal information
We will only collect personal information about you by lawful and fair means.
We may collect personal information from you at various times, including:
when you open and start to complete – or complete – an application form or other type of form in relation to our products and services;
when you contact us in person, by phone, mail, email or online;
when you make a claim;
when you visit premises from which we operate; and
when you visit our website or subscribe to or use one of our lifestyle and wellbeing apps.
We may collect your personal information from you, from another person covered by your policy, from a person authorised to provide us with your personal information on your behalf, or from an agency or organisation on whose behalf we are providing you with services or products (as agent for a principal).
We may also collect information about you from other sources, such as:
a third party such as a hospital, dentist or optometrist or other health service provider who has treated you;
an employer, educational institution, government agency or adviser who has dealt with you (or their authorised representatives);
for overseas customers, your migration or other agent;
Medibank Group Companies who have provided you with services including health-related services;
a service provider engaged by us – or a third party who partners with us – to assist us in providing goods or services or administering our business (such as mailhouses, printing, and IT service providers and platforms, or marketing, planning and product or service development)
if you are a health service provider, from relevant databases and directories;
publicly available sources or networking services (including for the purpose of contacting you to offer our products and services, and you can let us know your preferences in relation to such contact, or to confirm information provided by you – such as publicly available job history (eg via LinkedIn), or to verify identity and prevent fraud);
CCTV cameras in operation at our offices and retail centres;
the main policy holder (or person setting up a policy to cover you) at the time that they incept (set up) the policy; and
another health fund and your co-insured, if you have requested a transfer of your health insurance between that fund and us, so as to facilitate that transfer.
We also obtain information from other sources where:
we provide products and services on behalf of or in conjunction with others, including business partners
we need information from third parties relating to a product or service we provide to you, or relating to a health insurance claim
we need information to prevent or minimise the risk of fraud
you have consented to third parties sharing it with us, such as people you have authorised to deal with your policy.
Where we engage with you multiple times over a short period in relation to the same matter, we may not provide you with a separate notice about privacy each time we engage with you.
How we hold your personal information
We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
We aim to store your information securely and have a range of security controls in place (including physical, technical and procedural safeguards) designed to protect your personal information.
Our employees and contractors regularly receive targeted privacy training.
We take reasonable steps to make sure that the personal information about you – that we collect, use and disclose – is accurate, complete, up to date and relevant.
When and how we dispose of your personal information
We seek to keep your personal information for only as long as it is required in order to provide you with products and services or to legitimately comply with our business and legal obligations and requirements. When it is no longer needed for these purposes, we may destroy or permanently de-identify this personal information. Consequently, if you request access to your old personal information, we may not be able to provide you with your records where they have been destroyed or de-identified.
De-identifying your information
Where both possible and in our view – appropriate, where using your personal information, we will seek to de-identify it, so that your identity is not readily ascertainable from the de-identified information or from triangulating your de-identified information with other sources of information.
We collect personal information so that we can provide products and services to our customers and members. We also collect it when required by law and for any other purpose which you have provided us with the information. We do this at different times and in several ways.
Section 3: Identifying yourself, and why we need your personally identifiable information
You generally have the right not to identify yourself when dealing with us and to use a pseudonym, where it is lawful and practicable for us to allow it. However, in many instances we will need your identity details. For example, we will need your name and date of birth, if you want to have private health insurance coverage with us that receives the applicable government rebate.
If you do not provide or authorise the provision of personal information we request, we may be unable to provide you with some or all of our products and services or the products and services of our partners. If you ask us, we will tell you what personal information we must have in order to provide you with a particular product or service, and what requested personal information is optional for that product or service.
Subject to the applicable Privacy Laws, by becoming or remaining a member of one of our policies or by otherwise providing personal information to us, you confirm that you have consented to us collecting, using and disclosing your personal information, however collected by us, in accordance with this privacy policy (as amended and notified to you from time to time).
In some limited circumstances, you may be able to choose whether to identify yourself when you deal with us.
Section 4: Using your personal information
We may use your personal information for these purposes, including to:
process your policy application and manage your policy;
manage our relationship with you;
identify and communicate with you;
provide you with requested information, products or services;
process and audit payments and claims;
analyse, investigate, pursue and prevent suspected fraudulent activities;
manage and develop Insurance and Health Products;
assess your suitability for and contact you about Insurance and Health Products that we believe may be of benefit to you;
partner or work with third parties to improve our membership offering and value;
manage and develop our business and operational processes and systems;
where permitted under law, conduct marketing – including targeted electronic marketing (such as emails, or advertisements on websites and social media platforms that you access);
obtain feedback, and engage in analytic and research activities (inclusive of a wide range of analytics and customer behavioural research projects);
manage and resolve any legal, clinical or commercial complaints or issues;
perform other functions and activities relating to our business;
in the case of your voice recording, use your voice to help us improve our voice-imprinting IVR (as an antifraud and detection) and refine our voice recognition software;
comply with our legal obligations or enforce our legal rights; and
as otherwise required or authorised by law, including the Privacy Laws.
We will use your personal information, including call recordings for training, coaching and development purposes unless you ask us not to.
We use your personal information in a number of ways. This includes what we need to do to manage our relationship with you, and what’s required by law.
Section 5: Disclosing and sharing your personal information
In pursuing the purposes for which we may collect and use your personal information, we may disclose your personal information to persons or organisations in Australia and overseas including:
Medibank Group Companies for the purpose of:
assisting you to ascertain if your existing cover is adequate for your current and foreseeable future needs;
offering ancillary services, health management programs and services which may be of benefit to you (for example, if you advise us that you will be having an operation, we may supply, and you consent to us supplying, information to a Medibank Group Company so they can offer rehabilitation and nursing services to assist you in your recovery and promote a positive outcome from your surgery);
ensuring that our customer records for you between ahm and Medibank are consistent, and accurate;
our agents and service providers;
our professional advisors;
health service providers;
other persons covered by your policy as part of administering the policy and paying benefits;
potential or actual buyers of our assets or business, including only some assets or parts of our business;
payment system operators and financial institutions;
your agents and advisors or other persons authorised by, or responsible for, you;
government agencies;
your educational institution, migration agent or broker if you have overseas student health cover (OSHC) or a visitors cover product;
third party insurers whom we are authorised to represent if you purchase other insurance products through us;
third parties and other members of the Medibank Group with whom Medibank partners or works with – to improve your opportunities or improve your wellbeing and/or the value you get from your membership;
other health funds, service providers or other third parties who assist us in the detection and investigation of fraud;
in relation to a transfer certificate requested by you or the main policy holder – your co-insured (please note that a transfer certificate will show if anyone covered by the policy has exercised their lifetime mental health waiver, as we are required by law to include this detail);
your employer (or their authorised representatives) if you have a corporate insurance product; and
other parties to whom we are authorised or required by law to disclose information.
The collection, use and disclosure of your information should you subscribe to one of our lifestyle and wellbeing apps
Where you have subscribed to one of our health and well-being applications (app) and consented by agreeing to the terms and conditions of the app, then in addition to the general purposes of use and disclosure of your information set out in this privacy policy:
we will collect, use and disclose your self-inputted personal, biometric, health, exercise and diet information and automatically inputted information from connected apps and devices for the purposes of that app in helping you to achieve your wellbeing goals;
to facilitate the operation of the app, the app provider will also handle your information on our behalf and necessary information about you will be provided to rewards partners to allow you to redeem your rewards;
you can choose how much information you disclose to us, and separately to other app users and your competition or team members, within the privacy settings and social posting functions of the app – at any time, but you must provide some personal information such as your email address, phone type, browser type, operating system and IP address to be able to use the app;
you can choose to use a pseudonym in using the app (but you may not be able to claim full rewards with a pseudonym);
If you link any of our lifestyle apps to your wearable fitness devices:
you may be asked to agree to the app provider’s privacy policy;
we are not responsible for the collection and use practices of the app provider in these circumstances, in respect of your personal information;
please visit the app provider’s website to understand their privacy practices and options they may make available to you in relation to their collection and use of your personal information.
There’s a range of people and organisations we may share your personal information with. We share personal information only as legally permitted.
Section 6: Protecting your personal information
If your personal information is hacked or inadvertently disclosed
If we become aware that we have inappropriately used or disclosed your personal information, or that the security of your personal information has been compromised (a data breach), and we are unable to rectify the data breach without any potential adverse effect on your privacy, we may contact you to inform you, and to work with you to minimise or mitigate the consequences of the data breach. Pursuant to the Notifiable Data Breaches scheme (under Part IIIC of the Privacy Act 1988), we may be required to notify you of a data breach as soon as we practicably can if we consider you are reasonably likely to be at risk of serious harm (including financially or to your mental or physical wellbeing). Where reasonably practicable we will give you details of the data breach and, where possible, steps you could take to lower the risk of harm to you. We may make a public notification for a data breach affecting a large number of customers, before we contact you directly or in place of direct contact.
Protect yourself and your PIN
If you have a private health insurance policy with us, we encourage you to add a unique personal identification number (PIN) to your membership – to give you additional privacy protection.
Please protect your PIN by:
keeping your PIN confidential,
not writing it down or keeping a record of it with your membership card or policy documents,
not choosing an easy to guess PIN (such as your date of birth), and
not disclosing your PIN to other people covered by your policy or authorised to transact on your policy (as they need to have their own PINs).
If you think that your PIN has been compromised please let us know and change your PIN as soon as possible.
If we become aware that we have inappropriately used or disclosed your personal information, or that the security of your personal information has been compromised (a data breach), and we are unable to rectify the data breach without any potential adverse effect on your privacy, we may contact you to inform you, and to work with you to minimise or mitigate the consequences of the data breach.
Section 7: Communicating with you and direct marketing
How we communicate with you
To keep you informed quicker, where you provide us with an email address, we send most service-related communications to you by email. Service-related communications are the essential things you need to know about your cover, like annual tax statements, changes to premiums and account notices. In some circumstances and for some products, including some ahm products, we require an email address to communicate with you as a term and condition of the product. You can otherwise choose how we communicate with you by contacting us as follows:
ahm:
Access the Settings page within the ahm Online Member Services facility; or
Call us on
1300 506 982
or
(+61) 3 8329 1520
9am – 6pm Monday to Friday (AEDT); or
Email us at
info@ahm.com.au
(opens in your email client)
MHS:
Please contact
MHSPrivacyInbox@medibank.com.au
(opens in your email client)
and ensure that you advise the programme (or product or service) you are enrolled in or receiving and the MHS company providing it.
Apps:
Access the about me page in Medibank’s lifestyle and wellbeing apps (for in app preferences only – you will need to contact us by one of the other channels above for non-app related communications preferences)
Direct marketing
From time to time, where permitted under law, we may collect and use your personal information so that we can promote and market Insurance and Health Products to you and keep you informed of special offers from Medibank Group Companies and third parties. We may contact you in relation to these promotions and offers by direct mail, SMS and MMS messages, targeted marketing on social media platforms, in app and push notification, by phone and email.
You can opt out of marketing by contacting us. However, if you opt out of marketing you will still receive service related communications from us. If you opt out of marketing, please be aware that your details may still be shared with our marketing partners and/or mailhouses for the purposes of ensuring that they do not market to you. For example, we may partner with a provider to market our products to their customers using their customer lists, but will provide a list of our ‘opted out’ customers to wash against their customer list securely, so as to ensure that customers who have opted out of our marketing, do not receive marketing. If you have signed up to receive marketing from us or from our marketing partners and/or mailhouses via different email addresses, you may still receive marketing at any email addresses for which you have not opted out, as the above process will only identify where opted out email addresses are identical. Therefore, please tell us all email addresses you wish to opt out of receiving marketing to - in order to stop receiving marketing from us or on our behalf to those email addresses.
If you want to change your communications preferences, please let us know. Please be aware that if you are an ahm customer, we require you to have an email address registered with us for service communications.
To opt out of marketing or change your communications preferences please contact us as set out below. Please note that if you opt out of marketing from Medibank Group Companies, this will not opt you out of in-app marketing in or related to our lifestyle and wellbeing apps, and vice versa. If you wish to opt out of marketing in our lifestyle and wellbeing apps you will need to do so in the privacy settings of the relevant app (set out below).
ahm:
Access the Settings page within the ahm Online Member Services facility; or
Call us on
1300 506 982
or
(+61) 3 8329 1520
9am – 6pm Monday to Friday (AEDT); or
Email us at
info@ahm.com.au
(opens in your email client)
MHS:
Please contact
MHSPrivacyInbox@medibank.com.au
(opens in your email client)
and ensure that you advise the programme (or product or service) you are enrolled in or receiving and the MHS company providing it.
Apps:
Access the about me page in Medibank’s lifestyle and wellbeing apps (for in app preferences only – you will need to contact us by one of the other channels above for non-app related communications preferences)
We send both service-related and, from time to time, marketing communications; you can decide whether to receive marketing communications or not.
Section 8: How you can access your personal information
You can ask us for access to the information we hold about you at any time. We will endeavour to respond in a reasonable time, being within 30 days and as soon as is reasonably possible.
We will generally not charge a fee for accessing your personal information. We will only charge a fee to access information in exceptional circumstances, and where your request is particularly onerous. We will let you know in advance of levying any fee to confirm that you still wish to proceed with your request.
When you contact us to seek access to your personal information, we will need to be reasonably satisfied it is you, and not an unauthorised person.
We may require you to substantiate your identity to protect you from fraud and privacy breaches perpetrated by third parties pretending to be you.
We may also use a third party and secure service to confirm your identity (such as two factor authentication), and your IMEI or IP address in some circumstances, to reduce the risk to you of identity theft and reduce fraud risk to us.
We may not always give you access to certain information you have requested, such as where:
we no longer hold or use the information and have destroyed or de-identified it
providing access would be unlawful
we are required or authorised by law to deny access
providing access would unreasonably impact on the privacy of others
we cannot be satisfied that you are who you say you are (we cannot adequately identify you).
It would assist us to ensure we properly understand your request, and allow us to respond more promptly, if requests are made in writing and include as much detail as possible.
You can ask us for any personal information we hold about you anytime – you will need to verify your identity and identify which records you wish to obtain, and give us a reasonable time to get it back to you.
Section 9: Correcting your personal information
To enable us to provide the best services to you, it is important the information we hold about you is up to date. Please contact us when your details change.
If you believe any information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date, please let us know. We will take reasonable steps to amend any personal information about you which is inaccurate or out of date.
You can get in touch with us at Medibank and ahm to request the above any time you wish to do so.
In some circumstances, we may refuse to correct your personal information. Where this happens, we will provide you with reasons for this decision (except to the extent that it would be unreasonable to do so), seek alternatives and take any further legally required steps.
It’s important to make sure that the details we have for you are correct. You can correct them at any time; just contact us and follow our instructions.
Section 10: Disclosure overseas
We may need to disclose your personal information to organisations located outside of Australia from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Most of these overseas organisations are services providers or related entities which provide support and assistance to us in delivering our products and services to you. You consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of your personal information outside of Australia as set out in this privacy policy.
On occasion, we may also disclose your personal information to overseas organisations where you instruct us or expressly consent to us doing so. In such cases, we may not be able to ensure adequate protection in relation to those organisations’ management of your information.
If you have a corporate health insurance product, there may be occasions where we are instructed by your employer to disclose your information to an overseas organisation in order to administer your policy.
Please see below in this policy a list of countries to which your personal information may be disclosed, although your personal information may be disclosed to other countries outside of that list where our service providers or other relevant third parties, or their (or our) computer systems may be located from time to time.
Countries to which we may disclose your personal information
Listed below are the countries to which we may disclose personal information about you in the course of our functions and activities. This list does not include countries where you may have specifically instructed us to send your information or expressly consented to us sending your information. We may also disclose personal information about you to recipients in other countries from time to time that are not on this list, where our service providers or relevant third parties, or their (or our) computer systems and/or IT services may be located.
India
New Zealand
United States
Japan
Ireland
Fiji
France
Indonesia
United Kingdom
Germany
Singapore
Canada
South Africa
Vietnam
Mauritius
The Philippines
The Netherlands
This list is updated from time to time. You can visit our website at any time to view the latest version (listed in the most up to date version of this Privacy Policy).
We may sometimes share your personal information with organisations overseas that support and help us.
Section 11: Privacy policy updates
We aim to be as transparent as possible in this privacy policy about what we do with your personal information. Consequently, we review this privacy policy annually and update it. The most up-to-date version of our privacy policy can always be found on our website
ahm.com.au/privacy-policy
. Where we make a material change to our privacy policy, we will notify you in writing or through our website. After receiving any such notification, your next claim under your policy will be deemed to be your acceptance by conduct of – and consent to – any notified material changes.
Our privacy policy online is always up to date, and you can check it anytime. We’ll let you know if there are any plans to make a change that could be negative to you.
Section 12: How you can contact us
If you have any concerns or queries about the manner in which your personal information has been handled, please contact our Privacy Officer whose contact details are provided below.
If you wish to make a formal complaint, please provide your complaint in writing to our Privacy Officer, and detail information relevant to your complaint. Please note that we will receive and action your request faster if you email it to us using the details below.
Medibank and ahm: Group Privacy Officer, Medibank Private Limited, post - GPO Box 9999 (Your Capital City) or e-mail -
privacy@medibank.com.au
(opens in your email client)
We will consider your complaint promptly and contact you to seek to resolve the matter.
Generally, we will contact you to acknowledge receipt of your complaint and let you know who is managing your query within 5 business days of receiving it. We will attend promptly to your complaint and will aim to respond to your concerns or otherwise keep you informed of our progress within 30 days.
If we have not responded to you within a reasonable time or if your complaint is not resolved to your satisfaction, you are entitled under the Privacy Act to make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner and can find more information on the Commission’s website
oaic.gov.au
(opens in a new tab)
.
How to contact us.
Part 2: Health insurance services
This Part applies to everyone who has, or has applied for, private health insurance with ahm. It applies in addition to Part One.
Section 13: Couples and family health insurance policies
Collecting your personal information
If you have a couples or family health insurance policy with us, we will collect information about dependants (partner and children) from the policy holder who sets up the policy, with the policy holder’s consent.
You may not realise it but your kids have a legal right to privacy once they turn 16. That’s why ahm needs the contact details of your children once they turn 16, so we can make sure they’re OK with you still viewing their claims history. If your child doesn’t consent, they you’ll no longer be able to see their claims history. You can find out more in the
Member Guide
or by
getting in touch with us
.
If you are a policy holder and provide us with information about your partner or a dependant who is 16 years or over, you need to:
get their consent to give us their information;
tell them you have given us their personal information;
tell them that our privacy practices are set out in this privacy policy and how they can access this privacy policy; and
tell them they are entitled to access their information by contacting us.
If you are a policy holder and provide us with information about your partner or a dependant who is 16 years or over, by providing that information you acknowledge that you are creating or that you have created the policy on behalf of your co-insureds, and you warrant that:
you have their authority to agree to the relevant terms including consenting to the uses set out in this privacy policy on their behalf;
you have made them aware of the information set out in this privacy policy and informed them of how they can obtain access to this privacy policy; and
you have their consent to provide the information to us - and for us to use that information for the purposes set out in this privacy policy - and as otherwise permitted by law, including the Privacy Laws.
If a policy holder lodges a claim on your behalf, we act in reliance on the above warranties given by the policy holder, and accordingly assume you have given your consent to the policy holder to provide all the information we need to process your claim.
Using and disclosing your personal information
If you are a policy holder’s partner or dependant 16 years or older, we will not disclose information about your health insurance claims (except claims payments) without your consent unless required by law to do so (such as on a transfer certificate if you move to another health insurer).
All claims payments and general policy information will be sent to the policy holder.
The policy holder can:
change details on the policy
change level of cover
add and remove persons from the policy
receive benefits on behalf of dependants
terminate the policy.
The policy holder can authorise their partner or dependant (16 years of age or over), to operate the policy. If the policy holder gives such authority, the authorised person will have the same level of access as the policy holder and so will be able to receive and view all personal information in connection with the policy that the policy holder can see, including in respect of claims made by the policy holder and co-insureds (where that information was available to the policy holder). However (with the exception of Overseas Visitors Cover products) the authorised person cannot:
terminate the policy
remove the policy holder from the policy
The policy holder may grant this authority. The authority will remain in place until the policy holder contacts us to revoke it.
Your kids and privacy:
You may not realise, but your kids have a legal right to privacy once they turn 16. That’s why ahm needs the contact details for your children once they turn 16, so we can make sure they’re okay with you viewing their extras claims history. If your child doesn’t consent, then you’ll no longer be able to see their extras claims history. You can find out more in the
Member Guide
or by
getting in touch with us
.
Relationship breakdowns
If the policy holder and their partner become divorced or separated, we require that the partner be removed from the policy and take out a separate policy under our fund rules, and to prevent privacy breaches. Please inform us promptly if this occurs so that we can take steps to enforce these processes.
If your child is insured or not-insured under the policy of your ex-partner, we cannot confirm this with you, or provide details about your ex-partner’s policy to you.
You may opt to pay for another person’s policy, but absent them giving you authority, this does not permit us to otherwise disclose information about the policy to you. You can however, contact us to cease your payments, but need to be aware that if you do this, we will contact the policy holder to advise them that their policy will be or is un-financial due to a cancelled payment or failed debit.
If you have a couples or family health insurance policy with us, we will collect information about dependants (partner and children) from the policy holder who sets up the policy, with the policy holder’s consent.
You may not realise it but your kids have a legal right to privacy once they turn 16. That’s why ahm needs the contact details of your children once they turn 16, so we can make sure they’re OK with you still viewing their claims history.
Section 14: Domestic and family violence
We may be able to offer additional privacy protections if you are a family violence victim or identity theft victim. If you are a victim of family violence, stalking or identity theft, or believe your identity may have been compromised and/or have personal safety concerns, we encourage you to let us know to discuss further privacy protections that we may be able to provide you.
Section 15: Corporate health insurance policies for religious organisations
If you are a member of a religious order and covered by a corporate health insurance policy for your religious order, pursuant to the authority you have provided, we will share your personal information with the person responsible for administering that policy for your religious order, for the purposes of processing your policy application and managing your policy. This includes:
Sharing information about:
premiums (including any Australian government rebate which may apply)
personal information such as name, address, date of birth of all members and dependants under the policy
details of your insurance cover
details about your claims
Allowing your religious order’s administrative person to make changes to your health insurance policy, including:
Suspending your policy
Closing your policy
Changing the scale of your policy
Changing the cover of your policy
Administrative changes, such as ordering new cards
Directing where claims benefits are to be paid.
We share your personal information with the policy administrator. This is so that we can process your application and manage your policy.
Part 3: All other services
This Part applies to everyone who obtains services or products from Medibank Group Companies that are not covered by Part Two. That includes car insurance, home and contents insurance and travel insurance. This Part applies in addition to Part One.
Section 16: Access to limited personal information about you, when you obtain general insurance products through us
Medibank is an Authorised Representative for some general insurance companies. Where you seek a general insurance product from us as an Authorised representative, we will disclose your application information to the relevant general insurer. However we will not disclose information about your private health insurance policy (except the fact that you or a co-policy holder are a member of Medibank) and claims history to the general insurer, nor in acting as an Authorised Representative will we refer to your other personal information held by us such as your membership or claims information.
Section 17: Car insurance, Home and Contents insurance
Medibank is the promoter of ahm car and ahm home & contents insurance. Medibank Private Limited ABN 47 080 890 259 (MPL) is an Authorised Representative, AR 000286089, of Open Insurance Pty Ltd ABN 23 166 949 444 AFSL 451712 (Open). Open issues the insurance on behalf of the insurer. The insurer is The Hollard Insurance Company Pty Ltd ABN 78 090 584 473, AFSL No. 241436 (Hollard).
For ahm car insurance, Open collects your personal information in accordance with its
privacy policy
. Open will ask for your name, contact details (address, email and phone number), ahm membership number, date of birth, gender, payment details, car details and driver’s licence details. Open assesses your application. If your application is approved, Open is responsible for the administration of your ahm car insurance policy. Please contact Open directly for any enquiries about your ahm car insurance policy cover, claims and complaints.
For ahm home and contents insurance, Open collects your personal information in accordance with its
privacy policy
. Open will ask for your name, contact details (address, email and phone number), ahm membership number, date of birth, gender, payment details and details of your home and contents. Open assesses your application. If your application is approved, Open is responsible for the administration of your ahm home & contents policy. Please contact Open directly for any enquiries about your ahm home and contents policy cover, claims and complaints.
Open shares your personal information with Medibank for marketing and customer service purposes.
Open also shares your personal information with Hollard for marketing and insurance purposes. View more in
Hollard’s privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
.
Section 18: Travel insurance
Medibank Private Limited ABN 47 080 890 259 (MPL) is an Authorised Representative, AR 286089, of Travel Insurance Partners Pty Limited ABN 73 144 049 230 AFSL 360138. MPL issues the insurance on behalf of the insurer. The insurer is Zurich Australian Insurance Limited ABN 13 000 296 640 (Zurich). MPL collects your personal information including name, date of birth, payment details and travel details. MPL assesses your application. If your application is approved, MPL provides your personal information to Travel Insurance Partners, a subsidiary of Zurich which is responsible for the administration of your travel insurance policy.
Section 19: Members of the MHS Group
For the purposes of the definition of “MHS Group” used in this Privacy Policy, the members of the MHS Group are:
Australian Health Management Group Pty Limited (ahm) (ABN 96 003 683 298),
Medibank Health Solutions Pty Limited (ABN 99 078 943 791) (formerly Health Services Australia Pty Ltd) and the following subsidiary companies -
MHSI Pty Ltd (ABN 57 659 284 607),
MH Operations Pty Ltd (ABN 15 659 287 680),
Integrated Care Services Pty Ltd (ABN 71 059 950 695), trading as Amplar Preventative Health,
Medibank Health Solutions Telehealth Pty Limited (ABN 40 069 396 792), trading as Amplar Virtual Health,
MH Solutions Investments Pty Ltd (ABN 52 642 022 124),
Medi Financial Services Pty Ltd (ABN 94 138 752 815),
Live Better Management Pty Ltd (ABN 93 003 457 289), and
MH Investment Holdings Pty Ltd (ABN 18 169 818 884) and the following subsidiaries:
Amplar Home Health Pty Ltd (ABN 59 008 193 100), formerly Home Support Services Pty Ltd and Healthstrong Pty Ltd (ABN 61 155 277 919) trading as Amplar Allied Health.
Back to Top