Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
2
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
ar_debug
Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
appsflyer.com
onelink.me
2
af_id [x2]
Sets a unique ID that allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour on the website and the app for statistical purposes.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Appsflyer
4
Learn more about this provider
AF_BANNERS_SESSION_ID
Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant.
AF_SESSION
Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website.
AF_SYNC
Used by Vimeo to track usage of their embedded video player.
afUserId
Used by Vimeo to track usage of their embedded video player.
Google
2
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_#
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Taboola
7
Learn more about this provider
#:session-data
Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
eng_mt
Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website.
receive-cookie-deprecation
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
t_gid
This cookie assigns a specific visitor ID, when the visitor interacts with ads or content from the website - this allows the website to target the visitor with similar ads or content.
t_pt_gid
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
taboola global:user-id
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
taboola_session_id
This cookie is used to collect information on a visitor. This information will become an ID string with information on a specific visitor – ID information strings can be used to target groups with similar preferences, or can be used by third-party domains or ad-exchanges.
Unclassified
0
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/13/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Earn 4.78% AER (variable) with the Plum Cash ISA (Ts&Cs and ISA rules apply).
Learn More
Privacy Policy
Plum Fintech Limited and Saveable Limited (we, our, us, Plum) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (Privacy Notice) describes how we collect, use, process, and disclose your information, including personal information, as you use, and access the Plum app. This Privacy Notice is designed to help you understand what kind of personal data we collect, and how we process and use this data. It also sets out your rights in relation to how we look after your personal data.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) the data controller is Plum Fintech Limited and Saveable Limited, both registered at Floor 2, 2-7 Clerkenwell Green, EC1R 0DE, London. If you have any further questions, you can reach our Data Protection Officer on
dpo@withplum.com
.
Highlights from this policy
We process data collected from you, your bank, and third parties, to make Plum work for you, and comply with regulatory obligations. In short, most importantly we use:
Your personal details
(names, address, date of birth), to comply with our obligations to know our customer
Your bank transaction data (but not your bank logins!)
to make Plum work, that is to give you insights and recommendations and to determine how much to save for you
Data about your use of Plum
to help us make Plum better
We share your data with other companies to fulfil our contract with you, for our legitimate interests or comply with regulation:
E-Money Providers
E-Money Providers (Modulr FS Limited, PayrNet Limited) — who maintain the e-wallet which holds your funds and enable you to use the Plum card.
Account Aggregation Providers
(TrueLayer LTD) — who securely connect your bank account to Plum
Direct Debit Provider
(GoCardless Ltd) — who manages your direct debits
KYC Provider
(Onfido Ltd) — who helps us check the identity information you give us
Screening Provider
(ComplyAdvantage) — who provides screening (sanctions, PEPs, adverse media) services
Investment Providers
(Investec Bank Plc, Quai Investment Services Limited, Alpaca Securities LLC) — who make your investing possible.
Data analytics and research partners
who performs statistical analysis on anonymised transactional data
Other selected service providers
(as these will be communicated to you from time to time subject to GDPR rules).
GDPR gives you the right to see, erase, or challenge the data we hold about you (among other rights). Our support team can help with this. Read the full Privacy Policy for further details on how we use your information.
Information we collect about you
You may give us information about yourself by accessing our website
withplum.com
, by using the app service or by corresponding with us by e-mail, in-app or otherwise.
Information you give us on sign up
This is information necessary to provide the basic Plum Service (means the products and services made available to you by or through Plum, or through third party provider(s) to fulfil the contract between us) and to comply with regulatory obligations to 'Know Your Customer' (KYC):
First and last name
Email
Address
Date of birth
Nationality
Source of funds/source of wealth (as may be required during the KYC process)
Certain additional information may be collected depending if you have asked for certain services to be offered or provided to you, e.g. occupation, name of employer.
Information you may provide us upon request
This is information we require to unlock additional features upon your request and to fulfil the associated contract, or information we might request from you to perform our regulatory obligations:
Identity documents and address proof
— for example, a picture of your passport or driving licence
National insurance number
— in order to operate an investment account for you
Phone number and previous addresses
Information we automatically collect from your use of Plum
When you use Plum, or visit our website, we automatically collect information, including personal information, about the parts of the Plum Service you use, and how you use them. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between us, to enable us to fulfil our regulatory requirements, and given our legitimate interest in being able to provide the Plum Service:
Information about your device
— your visits to and use of the site or the Plum Service (including without limitation your IP address, geographical location, browser/platform type and version), internet service provider, operating system
Information about your use of the product
— length of visit, page views, website navigation and search terms that you use, referral source/exit pages.
Information we receive from third parties
We receive the following personal information about you from our third party service providers who assist us in providing some or all of the Plum Service:
Your bank
(through our Aggregation Partners) — bank account number, sort code, balances, and transaction data, in order to fulfil the contract with you
Our KYC providers
— in order to perform money-laundering, sanctions, PEPs and other checks.
Public and Commercial Sources
— in order to perform our KYC obligations, we might collect information from public sources such as sanctions lists or credit reference agencies
How we use the information we collect from you
We only process your information where we have a lawful basis for doing so.
To provide and improve the Plum product
— we process the information we collect given our legitimate interest in improving the Plum Service, and in order to fulfil the contract we have with you:
Provide you with access to Plum, and to enable your interaction with Plum
Provide customer service
Provide you with insights, and balance updates (if you've opted into this)
Provide you with recommendations for products we feel may be of interest or benefit to you
Send you support messages, updates, security alerts, and account notifications
Comply with the applicable laws and regulations;
To administer our site and the Plum Service and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes
To prevent misuse and fraud, and ensure compliance with regulatory obligations
— we process the information we collect given our legitimate interest to protect us from fraud, and to comply with our regulatory obligations:
Detect fraud
To verify your identity, and check it against sanction lists
To keep our platform secure
Others we share your data with
Service providers
— In order to fulfil the contract we have with you, we use certain trusted service providers. These providers will each handle your personal data in accordance with their own Privacy Policy. The most important service providers are highlighted below:
Aggregation Providers (TrueLayer LTD)
— We use account aggregation providers to help us to provide the Service by securely accessing your bank account information ("Account Aggregators"). By using the Account Aggregator's service, you agree and grant them permission to aggregate your personal data, which may then be stored outside of your own country subject to constraints provided by GDPR.
E-Money Providers (Modulr FS Limited, PayrNet Limited)
— E-Money Providers help us to provide the Plum Service by providing you with an e-wallet and Plum card. We will share data with E-Money Providers to fulfil the contract we have with you, and the contract you have with them. E-Money Providers might pass your data on to its own sub-contractors and partners when this data is necessary to fulfil its legal and regulatory obligations as an issuer of electronic money.
Payment Services Provider (GoCardless LTD)
— GoCardless LTD provides you with a direct debit service which is necessary to fulfil the contract we have with you. We will share personal information required to set up a direct debit payment to enable your Plum savings.
Screening Provider (Comply Advantage)
— Plum will share your personal information (address, names, date of birth, national insurance number if provided), with ComplyAdvantage for sanctions, PEP and adverse media checks.
KYC Provider (Onfido LTD)
— Plum will share your personal information (address, names, date of birth, national insurance number if provided), with Onfido LTD in order to verify your identity, and cross-check your identity against sanction list, in order to comply with our regulatory obligations.
Investment Providers (Investec Bank Plc, Quai Investment Services LTD, Alpaca Securities LLC)
— if you choose to sign up to Plum Interest Pockets, 'Funds' investments, and/or stock trading, Plum will share your personal information, with these providers in order to fulfil our contract with you, and for them to provide their services to you and to comply with their regulatory obligations.
Customer Services Support (Intercom R&D Unlimited Company)
— Data shared with Plum will be made available on platforms that we use for communication with you though our Customer Support team.
Plum Partners
— We also share your information with our partners when you have asked for certain services to be offered or provided to you. The providers include services such as switching broadband, energy, life insurance or taking out a loan.
Government Entities
— In order to comply with our regulatory obligations to report trading activities and/or activity suspected to be money laundering we might share your information with government entities responsible for this. We may be required by the Financial Conduct Authority or the Financial Ombudsman to share personal data with them.
Other Plum users
— in providing a referral programme there is a legitimate interest in sharing your Plum name with the person who invited you, to let them know the invite was successful and in order to fulfil the invite terms.
Aggregated Data
— we may also share aggregated information (information about our users that we combine together so that it no longer identifies or references an individual user) and non-personally identifiable information for industry and market analysis, demographic profiling, marketing and advertising, and other business purposes. This is not considered personal data under GDPR as it can’t be used to directly or indirectly identify you. We may share anonymised transactional data for commercial purposes.
Business Transfers
— in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. If Plum Fintech Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
Co-branded and Promotional
— From time to time we may work with other partners to offer you co-branded services or promotional offers, and we will share some of your personal data with those partners.
Retention Periods
We generally retain your information for as long as it is necessary for the performance of the contract we have with you, or to comply with our regulatory obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information you can send a request to
dpo@withplum.com
. Please note that if you request erasure of your personal data, we will keep relevant personal information for at least 5 (five) years to comply with our regulatory obligations as specified below.
Your Rights under GDPR
A great thing about the GDPR is that consumers have much more control over how companies like Plum use your data. See below how you can assert those rights with Plum.
Getting a copy of your data
— you have the right to get a copy of the data we hold about you. This is free of charge. To do this, please reach out to
dpo@withplum.com
, or talk to our support team by typing 'chat to human' in the Plum App.
Rectification of inaccurate or incomplete information
— you have the right to ask us to update any information we hold which may be inaccurate, and which you can't change yourself through the Plum App.
Erasure of data or the right to be 'forgotten'
— you have the right to ask us to erase personal information we hold on you, and close your Plum account. In order to exercise this right and request the erasure of your personal data, you should reach out to
dpo@withplum.com
, or talk to our support team by typing 'chat to human' in the Plum App. If you do this, we will maintain personal information we hold on you which is necessary to comply with our regulatory obligations, or to reduce fraud. In particular, under the anti-money laundering rules we are obliged to keep the following records for five (5) years from the date on which your last transaction has completed or the business relationship with Plum has come to an end:
The full name(s) and email(s) you’ve used to sign up to Plum;
Residential address and date of birth;
Your bank account number and sort code and the history of Plum transactions only (deposits, withdrawals, investments, divestments and bonuses); and
Any identity document copies including driver’s license or passport.
Withdrawing consent, and restricting processing
— to withdraw consent or restrict processing you may contact customer support. If you withdraw consent to share your financial transaction data, we will be unable to provide the Plum Service to you. Some information you have provided us will be retained after you withdraw consent to comply with regulatory obligations as explained above.
Lodging complaints
— you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's office for any processing carried out by Plum. You can contact the ICO
ico.org.uk
or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
Marketing
We may send you certain direct marketing communications if it is in our legitimate interests to do so for marketing and business development purposes, or you have provided us with your consent to do so.
You can withdraw this consent by contacting us in app or by email at
complaints@withplum.com
.
Where we store your data
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any transmission of information to our partners (including information to facilitate payments) are encrypted using TLS technology, the current standard in secure communications over the Internet. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. Information we deem sensitive (like your bank account number and sort code and your national insurance number if provided) are stored using state-of-the-art symmetric encryption (AES). We will only send your data outside of the European Economic Area ('EEA') to comply with a legal obligation, or when we work with third parties in providing you the Plum service. If we do transfer your personal information outside the EEA to our suppliers, we will make sure that it is protected to the same extent as in the EEA.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail or by any instant messaging service we use to provide the Plum Service. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
It is important that you read the Privacy Policies of our third party service providers and partners.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
dpo@withplum.com
.