Privacy Policy for Elli Charging (Elli App)
Last updated: December 2024
Contents
A. Data
Controller, Joint Controllership
2
B. General
information on using the app
2
I. General information
2
II.
Search and find charging stations and share with Google/Apple maps
3
III. Tracking Tools
3
IV. Attribution tools
3
V. Analytics tools
4
VI. Feature
management with LaunchDarkly
5
VII. Remote logging
5
C.
Processing of Your Data Upon Conclusion of the Agreement
6
I. Elli user account
6
II. Charging service
(public charging)
6
a. Provision of a charging
card
6
b. Selecting a
tariff, payment method
7
c.
Processing of your data for purposes of payment settlement
7
d. Managing your payment
method
8
D.
Processing of Your Data Within the Scope of Charging Sessions
8
I. Use of the charge service
8
II. Invoicing and
settlement of accounts
9
III. Direct debits and
chargebacks
9
IV.
Charge at Home (only available for chargers with connectivity features)
10
a. Linking the charger
10
b. Linking the vehicle
11
c.
Linking other devices (with connectivity features if applicable)
12
E. Link to Power Supply
Contract
13
F. Contact and Customer
Support
13
G. Data
Processing for Purposes of Analysis
13
I. Product
development and business planning
14
II.
Processing of your data for purposes of fraud prevention
14
H. Data Processing
by Service Providers
15
I. Retention Obligations
16
J. Your rights
16
K. Your contact persons
17
Thank you for using our Elli Charging mobile application (“app”).
This information applies to the following services and functions,
provided they are available in a country, an app version and depending
on the mobile device and vehicle model.
Please find below information about the data controllers and their
responsibilities (
Section A
), how your data is collected,
processed, and utilized in connection with the use of the app for
information purposes (
Section B
) and in connection with the use
of Elli Charging (
Sections C–I
), as well as about your rights and
contact persons (
Sections J and K
).
A. Data
Controller, Joint Controllership
If you use the Elli Charging service (“Charging Service”), your data
is being processed by Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH,
Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32, 10178 Berlin, email:
info@elli.eco
, entered in the Commercial
Register of the District Court of Charlottenburg under No. HRB 208967 B
(“Elli Germany”) and Volkswagen Group Charging CZ s.r.o., Ve svahu
482/5, Podolí, 147 00 Praha 4, Czech Republic (which Volkswagen Group
Charging GmbH has appointed to provide the charging service within the
Czech Republic) (“Elli Czechia”) under joint responsibility (joint
controllership).
Elli Germany and Elli Czechia have entered into an agreement on the
joint processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 26(1) of the
GDPR in order to define their respective responsibilities. This document
provides you with key information contained in this agreement.
Under the agreement, Elli Germany shall be responsible for the
processing of personal data in connection with the provision of the
Charge Service. Elli Czech Republic receives and processes your personal
data only if you use the Charge Service within the Czech Republic for
the purposes of settlement of accounts, invoicing, and payment
settlement as described in
Section C
.
In the agreement it is also determined that Elli Germany is
responsible for providing the information referred to in Articles 13 and
14 GDPR and for processing any assertion of rights by costumers. You
find more information on your rights and point of contact in
section
J and K
.
Elli Czechia and Elli Germany, known as “Elli,” are hereinafter
referred to as “Elli,” “we,” or “us.”
B. General
information on using the app
I. General
information
Unless you register or otherwise provide us with information, we
collect the data described below, which is technically necessary for us
to offer you the functions of the App and to ensure the stability and
security of the App:
Operating system;
Date and time of the inquiry;
Device type;
Amount of data transferred in each instance.
We process this information to enable a technically functional app
(e.g. by adapting the app to the needs of your device type). In
addition, this information is processed to optimize the Elli-App and to
guarantee the stability and security of the app and our information
technology systems. The automatically collected data is not personal
related and does not allow any inference to you, it is stored for 30
days and then properly deleted, unless longer storage is required or
justified by law.
II.
Search and find charging stations and share with Google/Apple
maps
If you wish to use the search and find function for charging
stations, the Google Maps (Google Inc.) map service is integrated on
your device. This map service allows you to view charging stations. If
you use this service, once enabled, your location is sent to the map
service at the time of your query. Please note that this map service is
provided to you by Google under its own responsibility. We are not
responsible for data processing by Google. Privacy information for the
Google Maps service may be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
.
You can also share the charging stations described above on your
device with the map service that is available or installed on your
device (e.g., Apple Maps, Google Maps, etc.). If you use this function,
the relevant map service will process your location at the time of
sharing as well as shared destinations (e.g., an available charging
station including its address). Please note that the map services are
provided under the responsibility of the respective provider. We are not
responsible for data processing. You can find information on data
protection with regard to the map service in the privacy policy of the
respective provider; this information is available at
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/maps/terms-de.html
for Apple Maps and at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
for Google Maps, for example.
If you use one of the two aforementioned services, we will store the
corresponding data for technical reasons only temporarily. The legal
basis for this data processing is your use of the corresponding services
(Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b, GDPR). As soon as you log off, your
personal data is deleted. After one year of non-use at the latest, they
are deregistered for security reasons and have to register again. In
this case too, the temporarily stored data will be deleted.
III. Tracking Tools
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH uses
Microsoft App
Center
and
Google
Firebase
to
collect anonymous data on the use of the software for the purpose of
improving the software, the components configured with it and the
services. Documented are the frequency of use of the software,
individual functions, malfunctions of the software, model, version and
status information of the component as well as model, operating system,
language and country of the device. No personal data will be transmitted
to Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH.
IV. Attribution
tools
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH uses the
Adjust
analytics platform for app attribution, to improve the user experience,
and to optimize the scaling of the app. We collect and process the
following data for this purpose:
Attribution data
User IDs generated by us
Device-specific data (e.g., model, device advertising ID,
language, device location)
Vehicle information (e.g., make, model)
Authentication media
Information about charging activities (e.g., charging logs,
charging sessions)
Subscription information
The associated data processing is carried out on the basis of your
consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR). You can withdraw your consent granted to
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH at any time free of charge. Go to “Your
rights” in this Privacy Policy for further information on exercising
your rights.
For this purpose, we use the processor Adjust GmbH ("Adjust") based
at Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin.
V. Analytics tools
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH uses the
Amplitude
analytics platform for app analytics to gain insights into the use of
the app and its features. This allows us to improve your experience by
implementing updates or new features tailored to your needs.
The analytics platform is provided by Amplitude, Inc. (“Amplitude”),
located at 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, U.S.,
whose services we employ as our processor.
We collect and process the following data for this purpose:
Elli user ID in pseudonymized form
App events
Device-specific data (e.g., device ID, model, language, device
location, settings)
IP address
Vehicle information (e.g., make, model, vehicle identification
number, state of charge)
Authentication media
Information about charging activities (e.g., charging logs,
charging sessions, charging station search)
Charger-specific data (e.g., model)
Subscription and account information
Amplitude is not able to establish the identity of an individual
user. We do not receive any data on individual users from Amplitude,
only statistics and analyses in an overall context, which are made
available to us in aggregated form via the user interface provided by
Amplitude. We make no attempt to identity or track the behavior of
individual users.
The associated data processing is carried out on the basis of your
consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR). You can withdraw your consent granted to
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH at any time free of charge.
Go to “Your rights” in this Privacy Policy for further information on
exercising your rights. We will also delete your personal data after
three (3) years at the latest or when the purpose no longer exists. Data
is transferred to the USA when data is processed by Amplitude Amplitude
is certified under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which serves as
an adequacy decision of the EU as a guarantee for third-country
transfers. Beyond that, we have also concluded standard contractual
clauses with Amplitude. You can request information on the content of
these clauses from the contacts listed in this Privacy Policy.
You can find additional information on data processing in Amplitude’s
privacy policy:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
VI. Feature
management with LaunchDarkly
We use the
LaunchDarkly
feature management platform
in order to use feature flags in the app. This enables us to selectively
enable and test various features in the app and thereby improve your
experience and the quality of the app.
We collect and process the following data for this purpose:
User profile data (e.g., e-mail address, user ID,
country)
App and device-specific data (e.g., app version, brand, operating
system).
The associated data processing is carried out on the basis of your
consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR). You can withdraw your consent granted to
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH at any time free of charge. Go to “Your
rights” in this Privacy Policy for further information on exercising
your rights. We will also delete your personal data after three (3)
years at the latest or when the purpose no longer exists.
For this service, we use the platform of Catamorphic Co. dba
LaunchDarkly, who provides the service (“LaunchDarkly”), located at 1999
Harrison St., Suite 1100, Oakland, CA 94612 U.S., whose services we
employ as our processor. Your data will be transferred to the U.S. for
this purpose. To this end, we have concluded EU standard contractual
clauses with the service provider, which act as a guarantee for this
transfer of data. You can request information on the content of these
standard contractual clauses at any time from the contacts listed in
Section K
.
VII. Remote logging
We log your use of the app by means of the remote logging function
provided as a
Google Cloud
service. Along with that, we
also log other problems beyond crashes, bugs, or residual currents. This
allows us to investigate potential problems across all devices and
troubleshoot them more quickly. Our aim in using remote logging is to
ensure that you can use the app free of error at all times and that all
content is made available to you free of any problems. We use the Google
service for this purpose, which is why the following personal data is
transmitted to Google:
Operating system (iOS, Android, etc.)
User Agent
Language settings
Your client ID
Your user ID
The client ID is randomly generated when the app is downloaded and
saved on the backend. If you delete the app and download it again, a new
client ID will be generated.
Processing is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest in
the functionality of our service and our app environment (Art. 6(1)(f)
GDPR). Your data will be deleted once the purpose ceases to apply. You
can read about your right to object and how to assert it in
Sections
J and K
.
For this service, we employ the services of Google Ireland Limited
(“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, which uses
Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, U.S.
(“Google LLC”) as a sub-processor. This means that data may be
transferred to the USA.   For more information on this, please read
Google’s privacy policy:
https://cloud.google.com/terms/cloud-privacy-notice?hl=en
.
The EU standard contractual clauses used by Google can be viewed under
the following link:
https://cloud.google.com/terms/eu-model-contract-clause
C.
Processing of Your Data Upon Conclusion of the Agreement
I. Elli user account
To use our service via the app, you need an Elli user account. You
can register directly in the Elli app in order to create and manage a
profile.
When you use our services, we process the data from your user account
(your personal contact and identification data, such as your name and
postal/e-mail address) for purposes of fulfilling the agreement (Art.
6(1)(b) GDPR).
We use
Auth0
(10800 NE 8th Street, Suite 700,
Bellevue, WA 98004, U.S.) to provide your account and login with your
ELLI ID, whereby your data is processed in the USA. Use includes the
storage of personal contact and identification data, such as name,
postal address, and e-mail address.
To this end, we have concluded EU standard contractual clauses with
the service provider, which act as a guarantee for this transfer of
data. You can request information on the content of these standard
contractual clauses at any time from the contacts listed in
Section
K
.
II. Charging
service (public charging)
a. Provision of a
charging card
You need an RFID charging card (“charging card”) to start and stop a
charging session. This is made available to you by
Identa
Ausweissysteme GmbH
, Steinkirchring 16, 78056
Villingen-Schwenningen, Germany, on our behalf. In order to send you the
charging card, our processor Identa Ausweissysteme GmbH is sent your
contact details (first/last name and address). We receive the RFID
assigned to your order and the charging card number from Identa
Ausweissysteme GmbH so that we can assign the charging card to your user
profile. You have the option of adding an additional shipping address
used in the delivery of the charging card, which we will also send to
Identa Ausweissysteme GmbH. The processing of data required for this
purpose is carried out within the scope of fulfilling the agreement
(Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR).
An RFID is stored on the card, which is used to assign it to your
user account. The charging card number is printed on the card.
Furthermore, no personal data, in particular your name or address, is
stored in digital form on the card.
b. Selecting a
tariff, payment method
To use the Elli charging service, select a tariff (“charging tariff”)
and your preferred payment method. For purposes of concluding the
agreement, we process your first and last name, your postal/e-mail
address, and, if you entered this information, your tax identification
number. You can view and manage the tariff you selected in your user
profile. You can also edit the payment method and billing address saved
by you. Data is processed for the purpose of fulfilling the agreement
(Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR).
c.
Processing of your data for purposes of payment settlement
We process the following personal data for purposes of payment
settlement:
Credit card payment:
First and last name
Credit card details (credit card number, CVC code (card
verification code), and expiration date)
Street address
Email address
Paypal:
First and last name
Street address
Email address
Payer ID
We collect the payment data in order to transfer it to the payment
services. In addition to this, we also transfer the postal and e-mail
address you provided to us to the payment services. The processing of
data required for this purpose is carried out within the scope of
fulfilling the agreement (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR).
For payment settlement, we employ the services of
J.P. Morgan
Mobility Payments Solutions S.A.,
161 Rue du Kiem L 8030
Strassen, Luxembourg, as the payment service provider. J.P. Morgan
Mobility Payments Solutions S.A. uses your data for this specific
purpose in connection with the payment service and is independently
responsible for data processing. When you make payments, you are
therefore subject to the privacy policy of J.P. Morgan Mobility Payments
Solutions S.A., which you can view by following this link:
https://www.wallet.volkswagenpayments.com/documents/file_data_privacy_customer_de-de.pdf
.
When you register for the charging service and enter your payment
details for the first time, the payment service will carry out a check
to validate and authenticate them. The results of the check are sent to
us by the payment service as a success or error message. We will inform
you of the results of the check in the app. If we are required to
request for further identification from you on behalf of the issuer of
your credit card or PayPal, this may, for example, be done in the form
of a text message or an e-mail code that you receive from the issuer of
your credit card or PayPal and enter for authentication either in the
app or on a website of the issuer of your credit card or PayPal, to
which we will redirect you. Your payment details are saved in a payment
storage system by the payment service provider so that you do not have
to re-enter your payment details each time you carry out a charging
session. If the payment service responsible for processing your payments
changes, the data will be transferred from the outgoing payment service
to the payment service who will be responsible for processing in the
future.
In the event of non-payment, Elli reserves the right to employ the
services as a collection agency to take over the outstanding claim on
our behalf within the scope of a dunning process. For this purpose, it
may be necessary to transmit further customer-relevant data to our
service provider
atriga GmbH
. atriga GmbH uses your
data for this specific purpose as part of the claims process and is
independently responsible for processing the data.
Your personal data will be handled by atriga GmbH in accordance with
the applicable privacy policy. For more information please go to
https://www.atriga.com/datenschutz/
.
d. Managing your
payment method
You can change the payment method you entered at registration later
under “Payment method” in your user account. As part of this process,
the same data that is transferred during registration is transmitted to
our payment service provider (J.P. Morgan Mobility Payments Solutions
S.A., 161 Rue du Kiem L 8030 Strassen, Luxembourg):
First and last name
Credit card details (credit card number, CVC code, and expiration
date)
Street address
Email address
The data required for this purpose is processed in order to fulfill
the agreement (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR).
D.
Processing of Your Data Within the Scope of Charging
Sessions
I. Use of the charge
service
You use your charging card to start or stop charging sessions at the
charging station or right in your app. To manage the charging session
using your app, first select a charging station in the app. Your RFID,
the charging card number, and the contract number are transmitted to the
charging station for authentication purposes. The charging session
begins once your user ID has been authenticated. To ensure the proper
functioning and handling of the charging tariff and the relevant
charging sessions, we process your personal data as well as technical
data in connection with the electricity supply agreement of the relevant
charging tariff (including charging statistics and information on the
charging process (e.g., charging volume, duration and/or start and end
of a charging session), your vehicle identification number (only the
first eight digits) along with the location of the charging station used
(address of the charge point (EVSE))). The processing of data required
for this purpose is carried out within the scope of fulfilling the
agreement (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR). Depending on the charging station you
use, we employ the services of
IONITY GmbH
, Moosacher
Straße 84, 80809 Munich, Germany as the processor.
In order to offer you an end-to-end charging service, we also work
with providers who perform data processing under their own
responsibility. In such cases, we transmit your tariff ID which cannot
be used to identify you as a person. For more information on data
protection, refer to the relevant provider’s website. The following
providers are part of our charging network:
Hubject GmbH
, EUREF-Campus 22, 10829 Berlin (
www.hubject.com
)
GIREVE
, 108-110 Avenue du Général Leclerc, 78220
Viroflay, France
(
www.gireve.com
)
Stromnetz Hamburg
GmbH, Bramfelder Chaussee 130,
22177 Hamburg
(
www.eround.de
)
e-clearing.net GmbH
, Krefelder Straße 195, 52070
Aachen (
www.e-clearing.net
)
II. Invoicing
and settlement of accounts
Data processing for purposes of settlement of accounts and invoicing
is carried out by Elli Czechia if you use charging stations within the
Czechia, or by Elli Germany if you use charging stations outside the
Czechia. On the basis of the charging plan and charging history data, we
calculate the cost of the charging session using the charging plan you
selected for purposes of settlement of accounts and invoicing.
III. Direct debits
and chargebacks
Data processing for purposes of direct debits and chargebacks is
carried out by Elli Czechia if you use charging stations within the
Czechia, or by Elli Germany if you use charging stations outside the
Czechia.
We send the debit order along with the amount and a posting text that
is to appear on your account statement to the relevant payment service.
This text contains the accounting period and account number.
If your account cannot be debited, for example, due to insufficient
funds on the payment method or because the payment method has expired
and is no longer valid, we will be notified of this by the payment
service provider. The reason for the error and your ID number generated
by us will be transmitted to us. In the event of a chargeback that you
did not personally initiate, e.g., if a direct debit was charged back
due to insufficient funds, you authorize us once more to debit your
account. In the event that you initiate a chargeback or we issue you a
refund, the charges for the amount in question will be reversed by the
payment service. For this purpose, we transmit the following data to the
payment service:
The amount
The reason for the chargeback
Your user ID
The transaction ID generated by us and assigned to the charging
session
The processing of data required for this purpose is carried out
within the scope of fulfilling the agreement (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR).
IV.
Charge at Home (only available for chargers with connectivity
features)
Please note that the use of Charge at Home services and associated
online services (e.g., optimized charging at home charging stations on
the basis of: power generated by solar panels based on real-time data;
power generated by solar panels based on forecast data; European Power
Exchange prices; flexible electricity tariffs) requires that the
electrical installation, configuration, and connection of a charger be
carried out in advance and, depending on the services used, other
devices equipped with connectivity features.
a. Linking the
charger
We process the following device-specific technical data, which is
regularly transmitted to our IT systems in encrypted form, in order to
ensure that your charger is up-to-date and able to communicate,
including the Wi-Fi connection or LTE mobile communications standard
(so-called connectivity features), as part of the electrical
installation and configuration process:
Device ID
Brand
Generation
Device type
Software version (technical data)
If you want to use optional online services, you will need to
authorize your charger and link it to your existing user account via a
pairing code. You can then access charging statistics and information on
your charging history at any time, manage and remotely control your
charger (e.g., manage access options), and manage RFID charging cards
(e.g., enable or disable them for use at the charger). Within the scope
of using optional online services, we process the following personal and
other technical data in order to provide and render the following
services:
customer and user ID (data shared from your user account and
e-mail addresses of the users you optionally unlocked);
charger ID and charger management status (e.g., administration
authorizations);
RFID of the charging cards you activated;
charging statistics and information on the charging process
(e.g., charging volume, duration and/or time, the starting and stopping
of a charging session, charging ID);
Connection status and time stamp from the most recent time
communication was established (history and logging data)
the location and description of the location of your charging
station (address of the charge point (EVSE)) and of other technical
equipment (address of the solar panels to determine the geo-location
within a radius of up to 100 meters) (optional).
We process your personal data in order to fulfill the agreement (Art.
6(1)(b) GDPR) for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose
specified above. In this Privacy Policy, go to
Section I
for
further information on the retention obligations for your data and to
Section J
for more information on exercising your rights.
b. Linking the
vehicle
We process the following device-specific technical data, which is
regularly transmitted to our IT systems in encrypted form, in order to
ensure that it is possible to communication with your vehicle during the
electrical installation and configuration process:
Vehicle identification number (VIN)
Brand
Generation
Model type
Software version (technical data)
If you want to use optional online services, you will need to
authorize your vehicle and link it to your existing Elli user account by
way of a user account with the manufacturer of your vehicle. You can
then access charging settings and information on the state of the charge
at any time as well as manage and remotely control your vehicles (e.g.,
manage access options). You also have the option of redirecting the Elli
app to your user account with the manufacturer of your vehicle, logging
in with this account, and registering the link with your Elli user
account in this account. To create and manage a profile in order to use
the optional online services, you will need a user account with the
relevant manufacturer of your vehicle. Please note the detailed privacy
policy that applies for your vehicle manufacturer. This can be viewed on
the website of your vehicle manufacturer, in the information and
directions on use, or on other media provided by your vehicle
manufacturer as the responsible service provider. We process the data
from your user account with the manufacturer of your vehicle (your
personal contact and identification data, such as your name, address,
and e-mail address) for the purpose of fulfilling the agreement (Art.
6(1)(b) GDPR) for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose
specified above.
Within the scope of using optional online services, we therefore
process the following personal data in order to provide and render the
service described above: customer and user ID (data shared from your
user account and e-mail addresses of the users you optionally unlocked).
In addition, we also receive the following categories of data from your
vehicle manufacturer (e.g., Volkswagen AG) for the same purpose in
conjunction with the vehicle identification number (VIN) and your
customer ID number:
Vehicles linked to the customer ID number, including vehicle
specifications and saved charging settings (e.g., software version,
connection status/state of the charging cable, battery, charging
power)
Charging settings (e.g., charging mode/strategy, located on the
HMI operator’s control panel on vehicle, standardized machine
communication)
Changing vehicle settings relating to charging sessions (e.g.,
subsequent configuration changes made by the user)
Please note the relevant privacy policy that applies for your vehicle
manufacturer. This can be viewed on the website of your vehicle
manufacturer, in the information and directions on use, or on other
media provided by your vehicle manufacturer.
If you want to use optional online services for intelligent charging
functions (e.g., Elli Smart Charging services), your current charging
settings may result in the optional online services not running
optimally caused by certain vehicle modes and entries you made on the
HMI vehicle control panel (charging configurations). If this is the
case, we will need to carry out initial changes to the charging
configuration of your vehicle. At the same time, you have the option of
changing the charging configuration of your vehicle at any time to fit
your requirements. If you made changes that once again affect your
further use of the optional online services, we will notify you of this
in the app. Please note that the optional online services may then only
be used to a limited extent or they may no longer be used at all.
We process your personal data in order to fulfill the agreement (Art.
6(1)(b) GDPR) for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose
specified above. In this Privacy Policy, go to “Retention Obligations”
for further information on the retention obligations for your data and
to “Your Rights” for more information on exercising your rights.
c.
Linking other devices (with connectivity features if
applicable)
We process, for example, the following device-specific technical
data, which is regularly transmitted to our IT systems in encrypted
form, in order to ensure that other devices (e.g., Modbus energy meters,
smart meters/intelligent metering systems, home energy management
systems) are able to communicate and are up to date as part of the
electrical installation and configuration process:
Device ID
Brand
Generation
Device type
Software version (technical data)
If you want to use optional online services, you will need to
authorize your other devices and link them to your existing Elli user
account by way of device-specific firmware/a device-specific web
configuration. You can then access information about power
generation/consumption (e.g., power consumed from solar panels/from the
grid) at any time, remotely control your devices (e.g., manage access
options, prioritize/deprioritize the supply of power to devices), as
well as manage them (e.g., enable or disable electrical meters/measuring
systems for use with the charger).
Within the scope of using optional online services, we process the
following personal data in order to provide and render the following
services:
Customer and user ID (data shared from your user account and
e-mail addresses of the users you optionally unlocked)
Device ID and device management status (e.g., administration
authorizations)
Statistics and history data on power generation/consumption
(e.g., amount of electricity, power output, duration and/or time,
starting/stopping of electricity flows, transaction ID)
Connection status and time stamp from the most recent time
communication was established (history and logging data)
Tariff information (e.g., power supply contract number/ID)
(optional)
We process your personal data in order to fulfill the agreement (Art.
6(1)(b) GDPR) for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose
specified above. In this Privacy Policy, go to “Retention Obligations”
for further information on the retention obligations for your data and
to “Your Rights” for more information on exercising your rights.
E. Link to Power
Supply Contract
If you want to use optional online services that are directly linked
to a power supply contract, you will need to link your electricity
supplier with your existing Elli user account in the relevant customer
portal of the electricity supplier using your registration data.
Within the scope of using optional online services, we process, for
example, the following personal data in order to provide and render the
following services:
Customer number
Contract number
Meter number
Electricity meter readings
We process your personal data in order to fulfill the agreement (Art.
6(1)(b) GDPR) for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose
specified above. In this Privacy Policy, go to “Retention Obligations”
for further information on the retention obligations for your data and
to “Your Rights” for more information on exercising your rights.
F. Contact and Customer
Support
You have the possibility to contact us and send us a request. In the
event that you do so, we process the information and data you provide
(including personal data) in a ticket in order to contact you and
process your request (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR).
We employ the services of processors in order to process your
personal data, in particular with reference to customer inquiries and
support and for our CRM system.  We have concluded corresponding data
processing agreements with our service providers. If your data is
transferred to a third country, the transfer of said data is secured by
means of suitable guarantees given by third countries, such as by way of
an adequacy decision or standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU
Commission. We would be happy to provide you with further information on
this. To do so, use the contact options listed in
Section K
.
We will delete your data as soon as we have responded to your request
to your satisfaction, provided there are no other retention periods
(e.g., retention periods under tax law) to the contrary.
G. Data
Processing for Purposes of Analysis
We employ the services of cloud service providers as our processors
for the following data processing operations, and have entered into
relevant data processing agreements. The necessary procedures are in
place (adequacy decision or standard contractual clauses) should your
personal data be transferred to a third country. You can request further
information on this at any time via the contacts specified in
Section
K
.
I. Product
development and business planning
Purpose of processing:
To guarantee and improve product quality, research and
development regarding new products and services
To identify and solve, among other things, technical issues in
the service (bugs)
For business planning, process mining, internal reporting, and
forecasting
Categories of personal data for this purpose:
User and usage data
Logs on the use of the charge points showing the customer’s
individual charging sessions
Charger data, its usage & location data, information
regarding the software version & software updates, additional data
on the software version
All data collected during the charging session
Purchase, shipping, and payment information
Customer Support processes
Data on the use of apps and online stores
Vehicle identification number (VIN), truncated to remove the
final six digits (vehicle model ID)
Subscription and tariff information
Invoices
The data is processed exclusively pseudonymously for this purpose.
Pseudonymization involves the removal of all direct personal identifiers
(e.g., name, e-mail address, telephone number). Indirectly traceable
identifiers (pseudonyms) are retained. Data is not analyzed in the
analytics systems of Elli until it has been pseudonymized. At no time is
a direct reference to a specific person re-established. The results of
the analysis (in particular, metrics and KPIs) are fully anonymous. The
processing of pseudonymous data is necessary because there are
interactions between the user account and the relevant services. In such
cases, the use of the pseudonym is absolutely necessary in order to link
the data from the user account and the linked services on which the
analysis is based. The data processed for purposes of analysis will be
deleted after thirty-six (36) months (three (3) years). This processing
serves the legitimate interest of Elli to meet high customer demands in
terms of the existing products and services and to be able to fulfill
future requirements of our customers by means of new products and
services that have yet to be developed (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR).
II.
Processing of your data for purposes of fraud prevention
Purpose of processing:
Direct and indirect personal data is analyzed in order to detect
cases of fraud and abuse at an early time.
Fields containing personally identifiable information for this
purpose
Salutation
First name
Last name
Street address
Postal code
Town/city
Country
Language
Email address
Payment method (no payment information such as credit card
number, etc.)
Date of registration
Start date of subscription
Fields containing personally identifiable information in the form of
pseudonyms for this purpose:
Customer number
Subscription number
RFID card number
The personal data that can be directly or indirectly attributed to a
specific person indicated above is analyzed after registration or after
concluding a subscription in order to check that the information is
complete and valid. The purpose of this processing is to prevent cases
of fraud and abuse.
This processing serves the legitimate interest of Elli to prevent
cases of fraud and abuse that cause major financial harm resulting from
the use of invalid customer data (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR).
H. Data
Processing by Service Providers
In addition to the processors and service providers described
separately in the processing operations, we also use other could service
providers to deliver our services. The cloud service providers we employ
are:
Google Cloud Platform, a service of Google Cloud EMEA Limited, 70
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. Google Cloud EMEA Limited
uses Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA
(“Google LLC”) as a subcontractor. This means that data transfer to the
USA cannot be ruled out. For information on this, please read Google's
privacy notice:
https://cloud.google.com/terms/cloud-privacy-notice?hl=de. The EU
standard contractual clauses used by Google can be viewed via the
following link:
https://cloud.google.com/terms/eu-model-contract-clause
Oracle Corporation UK Limited, Oracle Parkway, Thames Valley
Park, Reading, Berkshire, RG6 1RA, UK. The transfer of data to the
United Kingdom is protected under an EU adequacy decision.
In particular, your information from your user profile concerning
your charging contracts and sessions, invoices, charger information, and
billing transactions is stored in the cloud services.
You can request further information at any time using the contact
details found in
Section K
.
I. Retention
Obligations
We process your personal data for as long as is necessary for the
aforementioned purposes. This is required for invoicing and settlement
of accounts up to three (3) months after the agreement ends. In the
event that you object to processing based on our legitimate interests,
we will erase your personal data unless further processing is permitted
under the relevant statutory provisions. We also delete personal data if
we are obliged to do so for other legal reasons. Applying these general
principles, we delete personal data immediately after the legal basis
ceases to apply if it is no longer required for the stated purposes or
the stated purposes cease to apply and provided that no other legal
basis exists (e.g., retention periods under commercial and tax law);
otherwise, the data will be deleted after the other legal basis ceases
to apply.
J. Your rights
You can assert the following rights vis-à-vis Volkswagen Group
Charging GmbH at any time at no charge.
Right to information:
You have the right to receive
information from us (Art. 15 of the GDPR) regarding the processing of
your personal data.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to obtain
from us the rectification (Art. 16 of the GDPR) of inaccurate or
incomplete personal data concerning you.
Right to erasure:
You have the right to obtain the
erasure of your data if the conditions set out in Art. 17 of the GDPR
are satisfied. You can then, for example, obtain the deletion of your
data if it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which
it was collected. You can also obtain erasure if we process your data on
the basis of your consent and you withdraw this consent.
Right to restriction of processing:
You have the
right to obtain the restriction of the processing of your data if the
requirements of Art. 18 of the GDPR are satisfied. This would be the
case, for example, if you were to contest the accuracy of your data. You
can then obtain the restriction of processing for a period enabling the
controller to verify the accuracy of the data.
Right to object:
If the processing is based on an
overriding legitimate interest, you have the right to object to the
processing of your data. You also have the right to object if the
processing is either in the public interest or on the basis of a
legitimate interest of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH or a third party.
In the event that you object to data processing, we ask that you inform
us of the reasons for your objection. You also have the right to object
to data processing for direct marketing purposes. This also applies to
profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
Right to data portability:
If the processing of data
is based on consent or on a contract and is also carried out by
automated means, you have the right to receive your data in a
structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to transmit
it to another controller.
Right to withdraw consent:
If the processing of data
is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any
time at no charge with future effect.
Right to lodge a complaint:
You also have the right
to lodge a complaint with respect to our processing of your data with a
supervisory authority (for example, the Commissioner for Data Protection
and Freedom of Information of the State of Berlin).
K. Your contact
persons
Who to contact to exercise your rights
If you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal
data or wish to exercise your rights under data protection law, you can
contact our data protection team:
info-datenschutz@elli.eco
.
You can reach our data protection officer at:
PROLIANCE GmbH
www.datenschutzexperte.de
Leopoldstr. 21
80802 München
datenschutzbeauftragter@datenschutzexperte.de
When contacting the data protection officer, please specify
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH as the company to which your request
refers. Please refrain from including sensitive information such as a
copy of your ID with your request.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de:
Datenschutzerklärung & Nutzungsbedingungen
Übersicht
Datenschutzerklärung
Nutzungsbedingungen
Technologien
Häufig gestellte Fragen
Google-Konto
Datenschutzerklärung
Einführung
Von Google erhobene Daten
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Datenweitergabe
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Anforderungen in Europa
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Rahmenbedingungen für Datenübermittlungen
Wichtige Begriffe
Partner
Aktualisierungen
Google-Datenschutzerklärung
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, vertrauen Sie uns Ihre Daten an. Wir sind uns bewusst, dass dies eine große Verantwortung ist und setzen alles daran, Ihre Daten zu schützen und zu gewährleisten, dass Sie die Kontrolle darüber behalten.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung erfahren Sie, welche Daten von uns erhoben werden, welche Zwecke wir damit verfolgen und wie Sie Ihre Daten aktualisieren, verwalten, exportieren und löschen können.
Wenn das Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union oder des Vereinigten Königreichs auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten Anwendung findet, finden Sie unten im Abschnitt
Anforderungen in Europa
weitere Informationen zu Ihren Rechten sowie zur Einhaltung dieser Gesetze durch Google.
Privatsphärecheck
Sie möchten Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen ändern?
Privatsphärecheck machen
Wirksam ab dem 16. September 2024
|
Archivierte Versionen
|
PDF herunterladen
Inhalt
Einführung
Von Google erhobene Daten
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Datenweitergabe
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Anforderungen in Europa
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Wir entwickeln eine Vielzahl von Diensten, die Millionen von Menschen Tag für Tag helfen, die Welt ganz neu zu entdecken und mit ihr zu interagieren. Zu unseren Diensten zählen:
Google-Apps, -Websites und -Geräte, wie die Google-Suche, YouTube und Google Home
Plattformen wie der Chrome-Browser und das Android-Betriebssystem
Produkte, die in Apps und Websites von Drittanbietern integriert sind, wie Werbe- und Analyseprodukte und das eingebettete Google Maps
Sie können unsere Dienste auf vielfältige Weise nutzen, um Ihre Privatsphäre zu verwalten. So haben Sie beispielsweise die Möglichkeit, sich für ein Google-Konto zu registrieren, wenn Sie Inhalte wie E-Mails und Fotos erstellen und verwalten oder relevantere Suchergebnisse erhalten möchten. Sie können auch zahlreiche Google-Dienste nutzen, ohne sich anzumelden oder ein Konto zu erstellen, beispielsweise wenn Sie die Google Suche verwenden oder sich YouTube-Videos ansehen. Außerdem ist es möglich, in einem privaten Modus im Web zu surfen, etwa im
Inkognitomodus von Chrome
, sodass andere Personen, die Ihr Gerät verwenden, nicht sehen können, welche Inhalte Sie aufgerufen haben. Bei allen unseren Diensten können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen ändern und so festlegen, ob wir manche Arten von Daten erheben und wie wir sie verwenden.
Um Ihnen unsere Datenschutzerklärung möglichst verständlich zu machen, haben wir Beispiele, Videos und Definitionen für
Schlüsselbegriffe
angefügt. Wenn Sie dennoch Fragen dazu haben,
können Sie uns gern kontaktieren
.
Von Google erhobene Daten
Im Folgenden erklären wir Ihnen, welche Arten von Daten wir erheben, während Sie unsere Dienste nutzen
Wir erheben Daten, um allen unseren Nutzern bessere Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen – von der Feststellung grundlegender Informationen wie zum Beispiel Ihrer Sprache bis hin zu komplexeren Fragen wie zum Beispiel
Werbung, die Sie besonders nützlich finden
, den
Personen, mit denen Sie online am häufigsten zu tun haben
, oder den YouTube-Videos, die Sie interessant finden. Welche Daten Google erhebt und wie diese verwendet werden hängt davon ab, wie Sie unsere Dienste nutzen und wie Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen verwalten.
Wenn Sie nicht in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, speichern wir die von uns erhobenen Daten mit
eindeutigen Kennungen
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem
Gerät
verknüpft sind, welche Sie verwenden. Auf diese Weise können wir verschiedene Dinge tun, wie beispielsweise Ihre Einstellungen über Browsersitzungen hinweg beibehalten, zum Beispiel Ihre bevorzugte Sprache oder ob Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse oder Werbung auf Grundlage Ihrer Aktivitäten sehen möchten.
Wenn Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, erheben wir auch Daten, die wir in Ihrem Google-Konto speichern und als
personenbezogene Daten
erachten.
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste bereitstellen
Wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen, stellen Sie uns
personenbezogene Daten
zur Verfügung, darunter Ihren Namen und ein Passwort. Sie können Ihrem Konto auch eine
Telefonnummer
oder
Zahlungsinformationen
hinzufügen. Selbst wenn Sie nicht bei einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, können Sie uns Daten zur Verfügung stellen, etwa eine E-Mail-Adresse, um mit Google zu kommunizieren oder Benachrichtigungen zu unseren Diensten zu erhalten.
Wir erheben auch die Inhalte, die Sie bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste erstellen, hochladen oder von anderen erhalten. Dazu gehören beispielsweise E-Mails, die Sie verfassen und empfangen, Fotos und Videos, die Sie speichern, Dokumente und Tabellen, die Sie erstellen, und Kommentare, die Sie zu YouTube-Videos schreiben.
Daten, die wir bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste erheben
Ihre Apps, Browser und Geräte
Wir erheben Daten über die Apps, Browser und
Geräte
, die Sie beim Zugriff auf Google-Dienste verwenden. Das hilft uns, Funktionen wie automatische Produktupdates anzubieten oder Ihren Bildschirm zu dimmen, wenn Ihr Akku schwach ist.
Zu den von uns erhobenen Daten zählen
eindeutige Kennungen
, der Typ und die Einstellungen des Browsers, der Typ und die Einstellungen des Geräts, das Betriebssystem, Informationen zum Mobilfunknetz wie der Name des Mobilfunkanbieters und die Telefonnummer sowie die Versionsnummer der App. Wir erheben auch Daten über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten. Hierzu zählen u. a. die
IP-Adresse
, Absturzberichte, Systemaktivitäten sowie das Datum, die Uhrzeit und die Verweis-URL Ihrer Anfrage.
Wir erheben diese Daten, wenn ein Google-Dienst auf Ihrem Gerät unsere Server kontaktiert, beispielsweise wenn Sie eine App vom Play Store installieren oder wenn ein Dienst automatische Updates abfragt. Wenn Sie ein
Android-Gerät mit Google Apps
verwenden, kontaktiert Ihr Gerät regelmäßig die Google-Server, um Daten über Ihr Gerät und die Verbindung zu unseren Diensten bereitzustellen. Zu diesen Daten zählen beispielsweise
der Typ Ihres Geräts und der Name Ihres Mobilfunkanbieters
, Absturzberichte, die von Ihnen installierten Apps und, abhängig von den Einstellungen auf Ihrem Gerät,
weitere Informationen dazu, wie Sie Ihr Android-Gerät verwenden
.
Ihre Aktivitäten
Wir erheben in unseren Diensten Daten zu Ihren Aktivitäten. Diese Daten verwenden wir beispielsweise, um Ihnen ein YouTube-Video zu empfehlen, das Ihnen gefallen könnte. Unter anderem könnten folgende Aktivitätsdaten erhoben werden:
Begriffe, nach denen Sie suchen
Videos, die Sie sich ansehen
Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen, die Sie sich ansehen und mit denen Sie interagieren
Sprach- und Audiodaten
Kaufaktivitäten
Personen, mit denen Sie kommunizieren oder Inhalte austauschen
Aktivitäten auf Websites und Apps von Drittanbietern, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Der Chrome-Browserverlauf, den Sie
mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisiert
haben
Wenn Sie unsere
Dienste nutzen, um Anrufe zu tätigen und zu erhalten oder um Nachrichten zu senden und zu empfangen
, erheben wir möglicherweise Anruf- und Nachrichteninformationen wie Ihre Telefonnummer, die Anrufernummer, die Nummer des Angerufenen, Weiterleitungsnummern, die E-Mail-Adressen von Sender und Empfänger, das Datum und die Uhrzeit von Anrufen und Nachrichten, die Dauer von Anrufen, Routing-Informationen und die Art und Anzahl von Anrufen und Nachrichten.
Die in Ihrem Konto gespeicherten Aktivitätsdaten können Sie sich in Ihrem Google-Konto ansehen und sie dort auch verwalten.
Zum Google-Konto
Ihre Standortdaten
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, erheben wir Standortinformationen. Dadurch können wir Ihnen Funktionen wie Wegbeschreibungen, Suchergebnisse für Dinge in Ihrer Nähe und Werbung auf Grundlage Ihres Standorts anbieten.
Je nachdem, welche Produkte Sie nutzen und welche Einstellungen Sie auswählen, kann Google verschiedene Arten von Standortinformationen verwenden, um bestimmte Dienste und Produkte hilfreicher zu gestalten. Dazu gehören unter anderem:
GPS- und andere
Sensordaten von Ihrem Gerät
IP-Adresse
Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten
, zum Beispiel von Ihren Suchanfragen oder
Orte, die Sie mit einem Label versehen, etwa Ihr Zuhause oder Ihr Arbeitsplatz
Informationen über Objekte in der Nähe Ihres Geräts
, wie etwa WLAN-Zugriffspunkte, Funkmasten und Bluetooth-fähige Geräte
Die durch uns erhobenen Arten von Standortdaten und wie lange wir diese speichern hängen zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab. Zum Beispiel können Sie mit der App „Einstellungen“ auf Ihrem Android-Gerät
die Standorterfassung Ihres Geräts aktivieren oder deaktivieren
. Wenn Sie eine private Karte mit Orten erstellen möchten, die Sie mit Ihren angemeldeten Geräten besuchen, können Sie auch den
Standortverlauf
aktivieren. Und wenn die Einstellung „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert ist, werden Ihre Suchanfragen und anderen Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten, die möglicherwiese ebenfalls Standortinformationen enthalten, in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden,
finden Sie hier
.
In manchen Fällen erhebt Google auch Daten über Sie aus
öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
. Wenn beispielsweise Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird, kann die Google-Suchmaschine diesen Artikel indexieren und anderen Personen zeigen, wenn sie nach Ihrem Namen suchen. Unter Umständen erhalten wir auch Daten über Sie von vertrauenswürdigen Partnern. Dazu zählen Verzeichnisdienste, die uns in Google-Diensten anzuzeigende Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, Marketingpartner, die uns Daten über potenzielle Kunden unserer Geschäftsdienste bereitstellen, und Sicherheitspartner, die uns Daten liefern, mit denen wir uns
vor Missbrauch schützen
können. Wir erhalten auch Daten von
Partnern, damit wir in deren Auftrag Werbung und Recherchedienste zur Verfügung stellen können
.
Zum Erheben und Speichern von Daten verwenden wir verschiedene Technologien. Dazu zählen
Cookies
,
Pixel-Tags
, die lokale Speicherung wie etwa
Browser-Webspeicher
oder
Anwendungsdaten-Caches
, Datenbanken und
Serverprotokolle
.
Gründe für die Datenerhebung durch Google
Wir verwenden Daten zur Verbesserung unserer Dienste
Wir nutzen die von uns im Rahmen unserer Dienste erhobenen Daten für folgende Zwecke:
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
Wir nutzen Ihre Daten zur
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
. Hierzu zählen beispielsweise die Verarbeitung Ihrer Suchbegriffe, um Suchergebnisse einzublenden, oder das Vorschlagen von Empfängern aus Ihren Kontakten, wenn Sie Inhalte teilen möchten.
Wartung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten,
um zu gewährleisten, dass unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
. Beispielsweise verwenden wir sie zur Überprüfung von Störungen oder zur Beseitigung von Problemen, die Sie uns gemeldet haben. Außerdem nutzen wir Ihre Daten, um
unsere Dienste zu verbessern
. Dazu zählt beispielsweise die Feststellung, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die in unseren Diensten verwendete Rechtschreibprüfung verbessern können.
Entwicklung neuer Dienste
Wir nutzen die im Rahmen unserer bestehenden Dienste erhobenen Daten zur Entwicklung neuer Dienste. Beispielsweise halfen uns Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, organisiert haben, bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos.
Bereitstellung personalisierter Dienste, einschließlich Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen
Wir nutzen die von uns erhobenen Daten zur Personalisierung unserer Dienste. Dazu zählen die Bereitstellung von Empfehlungen, von personalisierten Inhalten und
von personalisierten Suchergebnissen
. Beispielsweise erhalten Sie im
Sicherheitscheck
Sicherheitstipps, die auf Ihre persönliche Nutzung von Google-Produkten zugeschnitten sind. Je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen kann Google Play Daten nutzen, etwa über Apps, die Sie installiert haben, und Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, um neue Apps zu empfehlen, die Ihnen gefallen könnten.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen zeigen wir Ihnen möglicherweise auch auf Ihre Interessen und Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten bezogene
personalisierte Werbung
. Wenn Sie beispielsweise nach „Mountainbikes“ suchen, kann auf YouTube Werbung für Sportausrüstung eingeblendet werden. In Ihren Einstellungen für Werbung unter
Mein Anzeigen-Center
können Sie festlegen, welche Daten wir zur Auswahl der präsentierten Werbung verwenden.
Wir zeigen Ihnen keine personalisierte Werbung, die auf
sensiblen Kategorien
, wie der ethnischen Zugehörigkeit, Religion, sexuellen Orientierung oder Gesundheit beruht.
Wir zeigen Ihnen keine personalisierte Werbung auf Grundlage von Ihren Inhalten aus Google Drive, Gmail oder Google Fotos.
Wir geben Daten, durch die Sie persönlich identifizierbar sind, wie beispielsweise Ihren Namen oder Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, nur dann an Werbetreibende weiter, wenn Sie uns dazu auffordern. Wenn Sie beispielsweise Werbung für einen Blumenladen in Ihrer Nähe sehen und die Schaltfläche "Zum Anrufen tippen" auswählen, verbinden wir Ihren Anruf und geben Ihre Telefonnummer möglicherweise an den Blumenladen weiter.
Zu „Mein Anzeigen-Center“
Messung der Leistung
Wir nutzen die Daten zur Analyse und Messung, um zu verstehen, wie unsere Dienste verwendet werden. Beispielsweise analysieren wir Daten über Ihre Besuche auf unseren Websites, um das Design unserer Produkte zu optimieren. Zusätzlich nutzen wir Daten der Werbeanzeigen, mit denen Sie interagieren, einschließlich Ihrer zugehörigen Aktivitäten in der Google Suche, um Werbetreibenden ein besseres Verständnis ihrer Werbekampagnen zu ermöglichen. Dazu nutzen wir verschiedene Tools, wie z. B. Google Analytics. Wenn Sie Websites besuchen oder Apps verwenden, bei denen Google Analytics eingesetzt wird, kann ein Google Analytics-Kunde sich dafür entscheiden, es Google zu ermöglichen,
Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten auf dieser Website oder in dieser App mit Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites oder in anderen Apps zu verknüpfen
, bei denen ebenfalls unsere Werbedienste genutzt werden.
Kommunikation mit Ihnen
Wir nutzen die von uns erhobenen Daten, wie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, um uns direkt mit Ihnen in Verbindung zu setzen. So könnten wir Ihnen beispielsweise eine Benachrichtigung senden, wenn wir verdächtige Aktivitäten feststellen, wie einen Versuch, sich von einem ungewöhnlichen Standort aus in Ihrem Google-Konto anzumelden. Außerdem könnten wir Sie auch über bevorstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen in Bezug auf unsere Dienste informieren. Und wenn Sie Google kontaktieren, zeichnen wir Ihre Anfrage auf, um Ihnen bei der Lösung etwaiger Probleme behilflich zu sein.
Schutz von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit
Wir nutzen Daten, um die Verbesserung der
Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit
unserer Dienste zu unterstützen. Dazu zählen das Erkennen, Verhindern und Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsrisiken und technischen Problemen, die Google, unseren Nutzern oder
der Öffentlichkeit
schaden könnten.
Um Ihre Daten zu diesen Zwecken zu verarbeiten, verwenden wir verschiedene Technologien. Wir nutzen automatisierte Systeme, die Ihre Inhalte analysieren, sodass wir Ihnen personalisierte Suchergebnisse, personalisierte Werbung oder andere Funktionen bereitstellen können, die auf Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste zugeschnitten sind. Zusätzlich analysieren wir Ihre Inhalte, damit wir
Missbrauch erkennen können
, wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte. Wir verwenden auch
Algorithmen
, um Muster in Daten zu erkennen. Google Übersetzer hilft beispielsweise Personen, über Sprachbarrieren hinweg zu kommunizieren, indem der Dienst geläufige Sprachmuster in Sätzen erkennt, die übersetzt werden sollen.
Unter Umständen werden
die durch uns erhobenen Daten zu den oben beschriebenen Zwecken dienst- und geräteübergreifend verwendet
. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise, je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen, Videos von Gitarrenspielern auf YouTube ansehen, kann eine Werbeanzeige für Gitarrenunterricht auf einer Website ausgeliefert werden, auf der unsere Anzeigenprodukte verwendet werden. Je nach Ihren Kontoeinstellungen könnten
Ihre Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites und in Apps
mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten verknüpft werden, um die Dienste von Google und die von Google ausgelieferten Werbeanzeigen zu verbessern.
Wenn andere Nutzer bereits über Ihre E-Mail-Adresse oder andere Sie identifizierende Daten verfügen, zeigen wir diesen Nutzern möglicherweise die öffentlich sichtbaren Daten Ihres Google-Kontos an, wie Ihren Namen und Ihr Foto. Damit können andere Personen beispielsweise eine von Ihnen stammende E-Mail identifizieren.
Bevor wir Daten zu anderen als den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung aufgeführten Zwecken nutzen, bitten wir Sie um Ihre Einwilligung.
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Sie haben Entscheidungsmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf die durch uns erhobenen Daten und ihre Verwendung
In diesem Abschnitt werden die wichtigsten Einstellungen beschrieben, mit denen Sie Ihre Privatsphäre in unseren Diensten verwalten können. Sie können auch den
Privatsphärecheck
verwenden, um wichtige Datenschutzeinstellungen zu überprüfen und anzupassen. Zusätzlich zu diesen Tools bieten wir auch spezifische Datenschutzeinstellungen in unseren Produkten. Mehr dazu erfahren Sie in unserem
Leitfaden zum Datenschutz in Google-Produkten
.
Zum Privatsphärecheck
Daten verwalten, überprüfen und aktualisieren
Wenn Sie angemeldet sind, können Sie Ihre Daten jederzeit in den von Ihnen verwendeten Diensten überprüfen und aktualisieren. Beispielsweise ermöglichen Ihnen Fotos und Drive die Verwaltung bestimmter auf Google gespeicherter Inhaltstypen.
Wir stellen Ihnen auch einen Ort zur Verfügung, an dem Sie die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Daten überprüfen und deren Speicherung steuern können. Ihr
Google-Konto
beinhaltet:
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Aktivitätseinstellungen
Hier können Sie festlegen, welche Arten von Aktivitäten in Ihrem Konto gespeichert werden sollen. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel den YouTube-Verlauf aktiviert haben, werden die Videos, die Sie sich ansehen, und die Dinge, nach denen Sie suchen, in Ihrem Konto gespeichert, damit Sie bessere Empfehlungen erhalten und Videos an der zuletzt angesehenen Stelle fortsetzen können. Und wenn die Einstellung „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert ist, werden Ihre Suchanfragen und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert. So können Dienste persönlicher für Sie gestaltet werden, damit Sie unter anderem schneller Suchergebnisse und nützlichere Empfehlungen zu Apps und Inhalten erhalten. „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ hat auch eine Untereinstellung, mit der Sie festlegen können, ob
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites, in anderen Apps und auf Geräten, die Google-Dienste nutzen
, in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert und zur Verbesserung von Google-Diensten verwendet werden. Zu diesen Informationen gehört beispielsweise, welche Apps Sie auf Android installieren und verwenden.
Aktivitätseinstellungen aufrufen
Einstellungen für Werbung
Hier können Sie Ihre Einstellungen zu Werbeanzeigen verwalten, die auf Google sowie auf Websites und in Apps im Rahmen einer
Partnerschaft mit Google
von Google ausgeliefert werden. Sie können Ihre Interessen verändern, auswählen, ob Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden sollen, um sich relevantere Werbung präsentieren zu lassen, und bestimmte Werbedienste aktivieren oder deaktivieren.
Zu „Mein Anzeigen-Center“
Über mich
Personenbezogene Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto verwalten und festlegen, wer sie in Google-Diensten sehen kann.
Zu "Über mich"
Soziale Empfehlungen
Hier können Sie auswählen, ob Ihr Name und Ihr Foto neben Ihren Aktivitäten wie Rezensionen und Empfehlungen in Werbeanzeigen erscheinen sollen.
Zu "Soziale Empfehlungen"
Websites und Apps, auf bzw. in denen Google-Dienste genutzt werden
Daten von Websites und Apps, auf bzw. in denen Google-Dienste wie Google Analytics genutzt werden, verwalten, die eventuell an Google weitergegeben werden, wenn Sie ihre Dienste aufrufen oder damit interagieren.
Zu Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
Möglichkeiten zur Überprüfung und Aktualisierung Ihrer Daten
Meine Aktivitäten
In „Meine Aktivitäten“ können Sie überprüfen und festlegen, welche Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeichert werden, wenn Sie angemeldet sind und Google-Dienste verwenden, zum Beispiel Ihre Suchanfragen oder Nutzung von Google Play. Sie können sich die Inhalte nach Datum und Thema sortiert ansehen und Ihre Aktivitäten teilweise oder vollständig löschen.
Zu "Meine Aktivitäten"
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard ermöglicht Ihnen die Verwaltung von Daten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Zu Google Dashboard
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten
Hier können Sie Ihre Kontaktdaten wie Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und Ihre Telefonnummer verwalten.
Zu den personenbezogenen Daten
Wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit Ihrem Browser oder Gerät verknüpft sind, z. B.:
Personalisierte Suche:
Hier können Sie auswählen
, ob Ihnen anhand Ihrer Suchaktivitäten relevantere Ergebnisse und Empfehlungen bereitgestellt werden sollen.
YouTube-Einstellungen: Hier können Sie Ihren
YouTube-Suchverlauf
und Ihren
YouTube-Wiedergabeverlauf
pausieren und löschen.
Einstellungen für Werbung: Hier können Sie
Ihre Einstellungen für Werbeanzeigen verwalten
, die Ihnen auf Google und Websites sowie in Apps von Google-Anzeigenpartnern präsentiert werden.
Daten exportieren, entfernen und löschen
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Inhalte aus Ihrem Google-Konto exportieren, um diese zu sichern oder sie mit einem anderen Dienst als den von Google zu nutzen.
Daten exportieren
Zum Löschen Ihrer Daten haben Sie folgende Möglichkeiten:
Inhalte aus
bestimmten Google-Diensten
löschen
Bestimmte Elemente in Ihrem Konto unter Verwendung von
Meine Aktivitäten
suchen und dann löschen
Bestimmte Google-Produkte
einschließlich Ihrer mit diesen Produkten verknüpften Daten löschen
Gesamtes Google-Konto löschen
Daten löschen
Sie können über den
Kontoinaktivität-Manager
auch einer anderen Person Zugriff zu Teilen Ihres Google-Kontos gewähren, falls Sie unerwarteterweise nicht in der Lage sind, Ihr Konto zu verwenden.
Und schließlich können Sie auch basierend auf dem anwendbaren Recht und unseren Richtlinien eine
Anfrage zum Entfernen von Inhalten
aus bestimmten Google-Diensten stellen.
Es gibt auch andere Möglichkeiten festzulegen, welche Daten von Google erhoben werden dürfen, und zwar unabhängig davon, ob Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet sind oder nicht. Hierzu zählen:
Browsereinstellungen: Ihr Browser lässt sich beispielsweise so konfigurieren, dass angezeigt wird, wenn von Google ein
Cookie
in Ihrem Browser gesetzt wurde. Ihr Browser lässt sich auch so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies von einer bestimmten Domain oder allen Domains blockiert werden. Beachten Sie aber, dass Cookies erforderlich sind,
damit unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
und etwa Ihre Spracheinstellungen gespeichert werden können.
Geräteeinstellungen: Ihr Gerät verfügt möglicherweise über Steuerelemente, mit denen Sie festlegen können, welche Daten wir erheben. So können Sie beispielsweise auf Ihrem Android-Gerät
Standorteinstellungen anpassen
.
Datenweitergabe
Datenweitergabe durch Sie
In vielen unserer Dienste können Sie Daten mit anderen Personen teilen. Sie bestimmen in diesem Fall, wie dabei vorgegangen werden soll. Beispielsweise können Sie entscheiden, welche Ihrer Videos auf YouTube öffentlich geteilt werden und welche vertraulich bleiben sollen. Bedenken Sie, dass, wenn Sie Daten öffentlich teilen, Suchmaschinen, einschließlich der Google-Suche, möglicherweise auf diese Daten zugreifen können.
Wenn Sie angemeldet sind und mit Google-Diensten interagieren, z. B. wenn Sie Kommentare zu einem YouTube-Video verfassen oder eine App bei Play rezensieren, werden Ihr Name und Ihr Foto neben Ihrer Aktivität angezeigt. Diese Daten werden wir gegebenenfalls
entsprechend Ihren Einstellungen für "Soziale Empfehlungen"
auch in Werbeanzeigen veröffentlichen.
Datenweitergabe durch Google
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an Unternehmen, Organisationen oder Personen außerhalb von Google nur in folgenden Fällen weiter:
Mit Ihrer Einwilligung
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung dazu haben. Wenn Sie beispielsweise
Google Home verwenden, um eine Tischreservierung vorzunehmen
, holen wir Ihre Zustimmung ein, bevor wir dem Restaurant Ihren Namen oder Ihre Telefonnummer weitergeben. Wir bieten Ihnen außerdem Steuerungsmöglichkeiten, damit Sie
Drittanbieter-Apps und -Websites einsehen und verwalten
können, denen Sie Zugriff auf Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gewährt haben. Vor der Weitergabe von
sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten
holen wir Ihre ausdrückliche Einwilligung ein.
Im Falle von Domain-Administratoren
Wenn Sie Mitglied einer Bildungseinrichtung oder Mitarbeiter einer Organisation sind, die Google-Dienste nutzt, haben der
Domainadministrator
und Reseller, die Ihr Konto verwalten, Zugriff auf Ihr Google-Konto. Diese haben folgende Möglichkeiten:
Auf die in Ihrem Konto gespeicherten Daten zugreifen und diese speichern, z. B. Ihre E-Mail
Statistiken zu Ihrem Konto ansehen, z. B. wie viele Apps Sie installieren
Das Passwort für Ihr Konto ändern
Den Zugriff auf Ihr Konto sperren oder beenden
Ihre Kontodaten abrufen, um anwendbare Gesetze, Vorschriften und gerichtliche Verfahren einzuhalten oder einer vollstreckbaren behördlichen Anordnung nachzukommen
Ihre Möglichkeiten einschränken, Daten oder Datenschutzeinstellungen zu löschen oder zu bearbeiten
Für die Verarbeitung durch andere Stellen
Wir stellen personenbezogene Daten unseren
verbundenen Unternehmen
, anderen vertrauenswürdigen Unternehmen oder Personen zur Verfügung, die diese in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten. Dies geschieht auf der Grundlage unserer Weisungen und im Einklang mit unserer Datenschutzerklärung sowie anderen geeigneten Vertraulichkeits- und Sicherheitsmaßnahmen. Beispielsweise nutzen wir Dienstanbieter zur Unterstützung beim Betrieb unserer Rechenzentren, Bereitstellen unserer Produkte und Dienste, Verbessern unserer internen Geschäftsprozesse und Anbieten zusätzlichen Supports für unsere Kunden und Nutzer. Außerdem arbeiten wir mit Dienstanbietern zusammen, die uns beim Prüfen von Videoinhalten auf YouTube aus Gründen der öffentlichen Sicherheit unterstützen und uns durch das Analysieren und Anhören von Beispielausschnitten gespeicherter Audioaufnahmen von Nutzern helfen, die Audioerkennungstechnologien von Google zu verbessern.
Aus rechtlichen Gründen
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an Stellen außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir nach Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen dürfen, dass die Offenlegung dieser Daten vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, um folgende Zwecke zu erfüllen:
Geltende Gesetze, Vorschriften oder
gerichtliche Verfahren einzuhalten oder einer vollstreckbaren behördlichen Anordnung nachzukommen
. In unserem
Transparenzbericht
veröffentlichen wir Daten über die Anzahl und die Art der Anfragen, die wir von Behörden erhalten.
Geltende Nutzungsbedingungen durchzusetzen, einschließlich der Untersuchung möglicher Verstöße.
Betrug, Sicherheitsmängel oder technische Probleme aufzudecken, zu verhindern oder anderweitig zu bekämpfen.
Die Rechte, das Eigentum oder die Sicherheit von Google,
unserer Nutzer
oder der Öffentlichkeit vor Schaden zu schützen.
Wir geben möglicherweise
nicht personenbezogene Daten
an die Öffentlichkeit und unsere Partner, beispielsweise an Publisher, Werbetreibende, Entwickler oder Rechteinhaber, weiter. Beispielsweise veröffentlichen wir Daten,
um Trends bezüglich der allgemeinen Nutzung unserer Dienste aufzuzeigen
. Darüber hinaus erlauben wir
bestimmten Partnern
, Daten von Ihrem Browser oder Gerät unter Verwendung ihrer eigenen Cookies oder ähnlicher Technologien zu Werbe- und Messzwecken zu erheben.
Falls Google an einem Unternehmenszusammenschluss, einem Unternehmenserwerb oder einem Verkauf von Vermögensgegenständen beteiligt ist, werden wir weiterhin dafür sorgen, die Vertraulichkeit Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten sicherzustellen. Zusätzlich werden wir betroffene Nutzer benachrichtigen, bevor personenbezogene Daten übermittelt oder Gegenstand einer anderen Datenschutzerklärung werden.
Gewährleistung der Datensicherheit
Wir integrieren Sicherheitsfunktionen in unsere Dienste, um Ihre Daten zu schützen
Alle Google-Produkte sind mit starken Sicherheitsfunktionen ausgestattet, die Ihre Daten fortwährend schützen. Die Erkenntnisse, die wir durch die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste gewinnen, helfen uns, Bedrohungen der Sicherheit automatisch abzufangen und zu verhindern, dass Sie mit solchen konfrontiert werden. Wenn wir tatsächlich ein Risiko erkennen, von dem Sie unserer Meinung nach erfahren sollten, benachrichtigen wir Sie und schlagen Ihnen Maßnahmen vor, um sich besser zu schützen.
Wir bemühen uns intensiv darum, Sie und Google vor unbefugtem Zugriff auf Daten oder vor unbefugter Veränderung, Offenlegung oder Vernichtung von Daten zu schützen. Unsere Maßnahmen umfassen Folgendes:
Wir verschlüsseln Ihre Daten, um sie während der Übertragung zu schützen.
Wir bieten eine Vielzahl von Sicherheitsfunktionen, wie
Safe Browsing
, Sicherheitscheck und die
Bestätigung in zwei Schritten
, um Ihnen zu helfen, Ihr Konto zu schützen.
Wir überprüfen laufend unsere Praktiken zur Erhebung, Speicherung und Verarbeitung von Daten, einschließlich der physischen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, um unsere Systeme vor unbefugtem Zugriff zu schützen.
Der Zugriff auf personenbezogene Daten wird durch uns beschränkt und nur Mitarbeitern, Auftragnehmern und Kundenservicemitarbeitern von Google gewährt, die diese Daten für die weitere Datenverarbeitung unbedingt benötigen. Alle Personen mit diesen Zugriffsrechten sind strengen Vertraulichkeitsverpflichtungen unterworfen und können disziplinarischen Maßnahmen unterzogen oder entlassen werden, falls sie diese Verpflichtungen nicht einhalten.
Löschen und Exportieren Ihrer Daten
Sie können Ihre Daten jederzeit exportieren oder aus Ihrem Google-Konto löschen.
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Inhalte aus Ihrem Google-Konto exportieren, um diese zu sichern oder sie mit einem anderen Dienst als den von Google zu nutzen.
Daten exportieren
Zum Löschen Ihrer Daten haben Sie folgende Möglichkeiten:
Inhalte aus
bestimmten Google-Diensten
löschen
Bestimmte Elemente in Ihrem Konto unter Verwendung von
Meine Aktivitäten
suchen und dann löschen
Bestimmte Google-Produkte
einschließlich Ihrer mit diesen Produkten verknüpften Daten löschen
Gesamtes Google-Konto löschen
Daten löschen
Aufbewahrung Ihrer Informationen
Wir speichern erhobene Daten über verschiedene Zeiträume, abhängig davon, um welche Daten es sich handelt, wie wir sie nutzen und wie Sie Ihre Einstellungen konfigurieren:
Einige Daten können Sie jederzeit löschen, beispielsweise Ihre
personenbezogenen Daten
oder selbst erstellte oder hochgeladene Inhalte, wie
Fotos
und
Dokumente
. Darüber hinaus können Sie in Ihrem Konto gespeicherte
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten
löschen oder
festlegen, dass diese nach einer bestimmten Zeit automatisch gelöscht werden
. Wir speichern diese Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto, bis Sie sie entweder selbst entfernen oder entfernen lassen.
Andere Daten werden nach einer bestimmten Zeit automatisch gelöscht oder anonymisiert, etwa
Werbedaten
in Serverprotokollen.
Einige Daten, etwa dazu, wie oft Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, speichern wir, bis Sie Ihr Google-Konto löschen.
Einige Daten speichern wir für längere Zeit, wenn dies aus legitimen geschäftlichen oder rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich ist. Diese Gründe können Sicherheit, Betrugs- und Missbrauchsabwehr oder eine Dokumentationspflicht im Finanzbereich sein.
Wenn Sie Daten löschen, beginnen wir mit einem Datenlöschvorgang, um dafür zu sorgen, dass die Daten sicher und vollständig von unseren Servern entfernt werden oder nur in anonymisierter Form gespeichert bleiben. Wir bemühen uns, Daten mithilfe unserer Dienste davor zu schützen, irrtümlich oder mutwillig gelöscht zu werden. Aus diesem Grund kann es zwischen der von Ihnen durchgeführten Löschung von Inhalten und dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem Kopien aus unseren aktiven Systemen und Sicherungssystemen gelöscht werden, zu Verzögerungen kommen.
Weitere Informationen zur Dauer der Datenspeicherung bei Google und Angaben dazu, wie lange es dauert, bis wir Ihre Informationen löschen,
finden Sie hier
.
Compliance und Zusammenarbeit mit Regierungsbehörden
Wir überprüfen die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung regelmäßig und verarbeiten Ihre Daten entsprechend dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Datenübermittlung
Wir betreiben
Server auf der ganzen Welt
. Deshalb können Ihre Daten auf Servern verarbeitet werden, die außerhalb des Landes liegen, in dem Sie leben. Datenschutzgesetze sind von Land zu Land unterschiedlich und einige bieten mehr Schutz als andere. Unabhängig davon, wo Ihre Daten verarbeitet werden, wenden wir grundsätzlich dieselben, in der Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Schutzmaßnahmen an. Ferner halten wir bestimmte
rechtliche Rahmenbedingungen
zu Datenübermittlungen ein.
Sobald wir formale schriftliche Beschwerden erhalten, nehmen wir mit der Person, die die Beschwerde eingereicht hat, Kontakt auf. Wir arbeiten mit den jeweils zuständigen Regulierungsbehörden einschließlich der lokalen Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörden zusammen, um alle Beschwerden bezüglich der Übermittlung Ihrer Daten beizulegen, die wir nicht direkt mit Ihnen klären können.
Anforderungen in Europa
So können Sie Ihre Rechte ausüben und Google kontaktieren
Wenn das Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union (EU) oder des Vereinigten Königreichs (UK) auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten Anwendung findet, stellen wir Ihnen die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen
Steuerungsmöglichkeiten
zur Verfügung, damit Sie Ihre Rechte ausüben können, Auskunft über Ihre Daten zu erhalten, sie zu aktualisieren, zu
löschen
und deren Verarbeitung einzuschränken. Darüber hinaus haben Sie das Recht, der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu widersprechen oder Ihre Daten in einen anderen Dienst zu exportieren.
Bei weiteren Fragen oder Anliegen hinsichtlich Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich
an Google und an unsere Datenschutzabteilung wenden
. Falls Sie Bedenken bezüglich Ihrer Rechte gemäß lokalem geltenden Recht haben, können Sie sich außerdem an Ihre lokale Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörde wenden.
Datenverantwortlicher
Der für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Informationen zuständige Datenverantwortliche
hängt von Ihrem gewöhnlichen Aufenthaltsort ab, sofern dies in den Datenschutzhinweisen eines bestimmten Dienstes nicht anders angegeben ist:
Google Ireland Limited, mit Sitz in Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland, für Nutzer von Google-Diensten, die ihren gewöhnlichen Aufenthalt im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder der Schweiz haben.
Google LLC, mit Sitz in 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, für Nutzer von Google-Diensten, die ihren gewöhnlichen Aufenthalt im Vereinigten Königreich haben.
Google LLC ist unabhängig von Ihrem Wohnort der zuständige Datenverantwortliche für die Verarbeitung von Informationen, die in Diensten wie der
Google Suche
und Google Maps indexiert und angezeigt werden. Google Ireland Limited ist der zuständige Datenverantwortliche für die Verarbeitung von Informationen, mit denen Google AI-Modelle trainiert werden, um sie in Diensten einzusetzen, die Google Ireland Limited im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder in der Schweiz bereitstellt.
Rechtsgrundlagen der Verarbeitung
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten zu den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen
Zwecken
auf der Basis der folgenden rechtlichen Grundlagen:
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, um Ihnen einen Dienst bereitzustellen, den Sie im Rahmen eines Vertrags angefordert haben.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, soweit wir oder
Dritte
ein berechtigtes Interesse daran haben, dies zu tun. Dabei wenden wir
geeignete Maßnahmen
zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre an.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, wenn dies zum Schutz Ihrer lebenswichtige Interessen oder denen einer anderen Person erforderlich ist.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten, wenn wir dazu eine rechtliche Verpflichtung haben.
Wir bitten Sie um Ihre Einwilligung zur Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten für bestimmte Zwecke. Sie haben das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen.
Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen sowie die Art, wie Sie Google-Dienste verwenden, bestimmen, welche Daten verarbeitet werden, zu welchem Zweck dies geschieht und was die Rechtsgrundlagen dafür sind. In der folgenden Tabelle werden diese Verarbeitungszwecke, die Arten der verarbeiteten Daten sowie die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung ausführlicher erläutert.
Warum und wie wir Daten verarbeiten
Welche Daten wir verarbeiten
Rechtliche Gründe
Bereitstellung von Google-Diensten, ‑Produkten und ‑Funktionen
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir verarbeiten die Begriffe, nach denen Sie suchen, um Ihnen entsprechende Suchergebnisse anzuzeigen.
Wir verwenden die IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, um Ihnen die angeforderten Daten senden zu können, beispielsweise ein YouTube-Video.
Wir verwenden eindeutige IDs, die in Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind, um Sie als die Person zu authentifizieren, die auf Ihr Google-Konto zugreifen darf.
Fotos und Videos, die Sie in Google Fotos hochladen, werden verwendet, um Ihnen zu helfen, Alben, Collagen und andere Kreationen zu erstellen, die Sie mit anderen teilen können.
Wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder Artikel von uns kaufen, verwenden wir Informationen wie Ihre Lieferadresse oder Lieferanweisungen – beispielsweise für die Bearbeitung und Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung sowie zur Bereitstellung des Supports für das Produkt oder die Dienstleistung, die Sie kaufen.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, wenn Sie zusätzlichen Speicherplatz für Google Drive kaufen.
Wir können Kontaktdaten (wie Namen und E‑Mail-Adressen) von Personen verwenden, mit denen Sie in Google-Produkten interagieren. So können wir Ihnen helfen, diese Personen zu finden, wenn Sie in Google-Diensten wie Gmail, Fotos und Assistant etwas mit ihnen teilen oder mit ihnen kommunizieren möchten.
Eine E‑Mail mit einer Flugbestätigung kann verwendet werden, um eine Check‑in-Schaltfläche in Gmail zu erstellen.
Google erhebt auch Daten über Sie aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen. Wenn beispielsweise Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird, kann die Google-Suchmaschine diesen Artikel indexieren und anderen Personen zeigen, wenn sie nach Ihrem Namen suchen. Oder wenn Ihre Unternehmensinformationen auf einer Website erscheinen, können wir sie indexieren und in Google-Diensten anzeigen.
Wir können Ihnen helfen, Ihren Standort mithilfe der
Google-Standortfreigabe
zu teilen. So können andere Sie auf einer Karte finden oder Ihre voraussichtliche Ankunftszeit abschätzen.
Wie im Abschnitt
Datenweitergabe
beschrieben, geben wir personenbezogene Daten außerhalb von Google weiter, wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung dazu haben. Wir bieten Ihnen außerdem Einstellungen, mit denen Sie
Apps und Websites von Drittanbietern überprüfen und verwalten
können, denen Sie Zugriff auf Daten in Ihrem Google-Konto gewährt haben.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise durch das Bereitstellen eines YouTube-Videos oder durch die Bearbeitung und Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung, wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder physische Waren von uns kaufen.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Verwaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispiel: Verwendung von Kontaktdaten (wie Namen und E‑Mail-Adressen) von Personen, mit denen Sie in Google-Produkten interagieren, damit Sie diese Personen leichter finden, wenn Sie in Google-Diensten wie Gmail, Fotos und Assistant etwas mit ihnen teilen oder mit ihnen kommunizieren möchten.
Ihre
Einwilligung
, z. B. wenn Sie Ihren Standort über die Google-Standortfreigabe teilen.
Aufrechterhaltung und Verbesserung von Google-Diensten, ‑Produkten und ‑Funktionen
Aufrechterhaltung des Dienstes, damit er wie vorgesehen funktioniert, z. B. durch Fehlerbehebung sowie Nachverfolgung und Behebung von Problemen.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir überprüfen fortlaufend die ordnungsgemäße Funktion unserer Dienste, um Probleme zu erkennen. Wenn wir feststellen, dass eine Funktion fehlerhaft ist, ermöglichen uns die vor dem Eintreten des Problems erhobenen Aktivitätsdaten, das Problem schneller zu beheben.
Wir erfassen die Interaktionen von Nutzern mit Schaltflächen in Anwendungen wie Google Maps und der Google Suche, um festzustellen, ob sie wie vorgesehen funktionieren.
Verbesserung der Google-Dienste sowie der Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit dieser Dienste, z. B. durch Erkennung, Verhinderung und Reaktion von bzw. auf Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsrisiken und technische Probleme, die den Dienst oder Nutzer beeinträchtigen könnten.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir analysieren Daten zu Ihren Interaktionen mit unseren Diensten, damit wir die Produkte weiter optimieren können. So können wir beispielsweise besser feststellen, wenn Nutzer zu lange brauchen, um eine bestimmte Aufgabe auszuführen, oder manche Schritte überhaupt nicht beenden können. In diesem Fall können wir diese Funktion überarbeiten und das Produkt für alle verbessern.
Wir analysieren, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die Rechtschreibprüfung für alle unsere Dienste verbessern können.
Wir analysieren die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Wir analysieren Suchanfragen bei Google Shopping, um festzustellen, welche Produkte, Händler und Marken für verschiedene Arten von Suchanfragen relevant sind.
Die Safe Browsing-Funktion von Google Chrome kann Informationen zu verdächtigen Websites zwischen dem Browser eines Nutzers und Google-Servern teilen und dadurch z. B. zum Schutz vor Phishing, Malware und schädlicher Werbung beitragen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Erfüllung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise bei der Verwendung der Interaktionsprotokolle von Google-Apps, um sicherzustellen, dass diese wie vorgesehen funktionieren.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Verwaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, welche Suchbegriffe am häufigsten falsch geschrieben werden, damit wir die Rechtschreibprüfung für alle unsere Dienste verbessern können.
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen unsere Dienste nutzen, um die Leistung unserer Dienste zu gewährleisten und zu verbessern.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Durchführung von Recherchen, mit denen unsere Dienste für unsere Nutzer verbessert werden und die für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind.
Beispielsweise arbeiten wir daran, die Übersetzungsqualität von Google Übersetzer zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Entwicklung neuer Google-Dienste, ‑Produkte und ‑Funktionen
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Nutzer Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, organisiert haben, halfen uns bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos.
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie kurze Inhalte von Creatorn erstellt und von Nutzern angesehen werden, halfen Google dabei, neue YouTube-Dienste zu entwickeln.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen können wir Audioaufnahmen von Sprachinteraktionen mit Diensten wie der Google Suche, Assistant, Maps und Gboard speichern, um die Audiotechnologien von Google weiterzuentwickeln und zu verbessern.
Wir verwenden Informationen, die online oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind, um neue Modelle für maschinelles Lernen zu trainieren und grundlegende Technologien zu entwickeln, die für verschiedene Google-Produkte wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI-Funktionen eingesetzt werden.
Wir nutzen Ihre Interaktionen mit KI-Modellen und ‑Technologien wie Gemini-Apps, um diese Modelle zu entwickeln, zu trainieren, zu optimieren und zu verbessern, damit sie besser auf Ihre Anfragen reagieren. Wir verwenden sie auch, um Klassifikatoren und Filter zu aktualisieren und dadurch z. B. die Sicherheit, das Sprachverständnis und die Genauigkeit zu verbessern.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen, die für unsere Nutzer hilfreich sind.
Beispielsweise haben uns Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen Fotos in Picasa, der ersten Foto-App von Google, verwendet haben, bei der Entwicklung von Google Fotos geholfen. Oder wir nutzen Daten, die online oder in anderen öffentlichen Quellen verfügbar sind, um die KI-Modelle von Google zu trainieren sowie Produkte und Funktionen weiterzuentwickeln, die diese grundlegenden Technologien nutzen – wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI.
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Zum Beispiel verwenden wir Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten – wie Ihre Interaktionen mit Gemini-Apps – um Modelle für maschinelles Lernen zu trainieren und zu verbessern und um ihr Sprachverständnis sowie ihre Sicherheitsklassifikatoren und -filter zu aktualisieren.
Mit Ihrer
Einwilligung
, beispielsweise das Speichern von Audioaufnahmen von Sprachinteraktionen mit der Google Suche, Assistant, Maps und Gboard, um Technologien zur Audioerkennung von Google zu entwickeln und verbessern.
Zur Bereitstellung personalisierter Dienste, einschließlich Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen
Um unsere Dienste für Sie anzupassen, etwa über Empfehlungen, personalisierte Inhalte und personalisierte Suchergebnisse.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Der Sicherheitscheck von Google bietet Ihnen Sicherheitstipps, die an Ihre Nutzung von Google-Produkten angepasst sind.
Google News bietet Ihnen möglicherweise lokale Nachrichten, die auf Ihrem ungefähren Standort basieren.
Die Google Suche bietet Ihnen möglicherweise Ergebnisse, die auf ihrem ungefähren Standort basieren.
Google Assistant kann Ihre Kontakte verwenden, um auf Anfrage Nachrichten zu senden, z. B. „SMS an Max Mustermann“.
Google Play nutzt Daten, etwa über Apps, die Sie installiert haben, und Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, um neue Apps zu empfehlen, die Ihnen gefallen könnten.
Möglicherweise zeigen wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Google Suche, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht.
Google kann Werbung basierend auf dem Kontext der von Ihnen besuchten Website anzeigen, beispielsweise Anzeigen für Gartengeräte auf einer Seite mit Tipps zum Gärtnern.
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und „Web- & App-Aktivitäten“ aktiviert haben, können Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse erhalten, die auf Ihren bisherigen Suchanfragen und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten basieren.
Je nach Ihren Einstellungen, um auf Ihre Interessen bezogene personalisierte Werbung anzuzeigen.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wenn Sie nach „Mountainbikes“ suchen oder Videos über Mountainbiken ansehen, kann in Ihren Suchergebnissen oder auf YouTube Werbung für Sportausrüstung eingeblendet werden.
Wenn Sie sich auf YouTube Videos zum Thema Backen ansehen, wird Ihnen beim Surfen im Web möglicherweise mehr Werbung zu diesem Thema präsentiert.
Möglicherweise wird Ihnen auch personalisierte Werbung präsentiert, die auf den Daten des Werbetreibenden basiert. Wenn Sie beispielsweise auf der Website eines Werbetreibenden eingekauft haben, kann dieser die Daten über Ihren Besuch zum Einblenden von Werbeanzeigen nutzen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Um einen
Vertrag mit Ihnen auszuführen
, zum Beispiel wenn Google Assistant Ihre Kontakte verwendet, um auf Ihre Anfrage hin eine Nachricht zu senden, wie „Sende eine SMS an Max Mustermann“.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Personalisierung unserer Dienste, um sie nutzerfreundlicher zu gestalten.
Beispielsweise können wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Google Suche zeigen, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht, Sicherheitstipps passend zu Ihrer Nutzung von Google-Produkten geben oder gegebenenfalls die Nutzung altersgerecht anpassen.
Einblenden von Werbung, um viele unserer Dienste kostenlos anbieten zu können.
Zum Beispiel zeigen wir möglicherweise Werbung, die auf dem Kontext einer besuchten Website basiert, wie Werbeanzeigen für Gartengeräte auf einer Seite mit Gartentipps. Bei personalisierter Werbung bitten wir Sie um Ihre Einwilligung.
Mit Ihrer
Einwilligung
– beispielsweise Empfehlungen bei Google Play basierend auf Videos, die Sie sich auf YouTube angesehen haben, oder personalisierte Werbung auf Grundlage Ihrer Interessen. Zum Beispiel könnte Ihnen Werbung rund um das Thema Backen angezeigt werden, wenn Sie im Web surfen, nachdem Sie auf YouTube Videos über Backen angesehen haben.
Zur Leistungsmessung – Wir nutzen die Daten zur Analyse und Messung, um zu verstehen, wie unsere Dienste verwendet werden.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir analysieren Daten über Ihre Besuche auf unseren Websites, um das Design unserer Produkte zu optimieren.
Wir nutzen Daten zu der Werbung, mit der Sie interagieren, um Werbetreibenden ein besseres Verständnis ihrer Werbekampagnen zu ermöglichen.
Wir verwenden Daten darüber, welche Orte Nutzer in Google Earth am häufigsten anklicken, um zu erfahren, welche Funktionen beliebt sind, und um Fehler zu identifizieren.
Die Google Suche erhebt, wie oft eine bestimmte Anfrage gestellt wurde und wie Nutzer die Qualität ihrer Suchergebnisse wahrnehmen, um die Google Suche noch hilfreicher zu gestalten.
Google Übersetzer analysiert Daten über die Anzahl der angefertigten Übersetzungen und die Häufigkeit, mit der eine Übersetzung als minderwertig eingestuft wird, um mögliche neue Funktionen zu ermitteln und Probleme bei der Nutzung des Dienstes zu beheben.
Wir geben möglicherweise nicht personenidentifizierbare Informationen an unsere Partner – beispielsweise Lizenzgeber von Inhalten – weiter, wenn wir Lizenzgebühren zahlen.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Erkenntnisse darüber, wie Personen unsere Dienste nutzen, um die Leistung unserer Dienste zu gewährleisten und zu verbessern.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir die Nutzung von Google Übersetzer, um die Übersetzungsqualität zu verbessern und Google Übersetzer in weiteren Sprachen verfügbar zu machen.
Aufdecken, Verhindern oder anderweitiges Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln oder technischen Problemen bei unseren Diensten.
Beispielsweise beobachten wir Nutzungsmuster in Google Earth, um Programmfehler zu identifizieren.
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, wie oft eine Übersetzung bei Google Übersetzer als minderwertig eingestuft wird, um Probleme bei der Nutzung des Dienstes zu beheben.
Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen, die für unsere Nutzer hilfreich sind.
Zum Beispiel analysieren wir Daten zur Anzahl der in Google Übersetzer angefertigten Übersetzungen, um mögliche neue Funktionen zu ermitteln.
Einhalten von Verpflichtungen gegenüber unseren Partnern wie Entwicklern und Rechteinhabern.
Zum Beispiel erstellen wir Berichte für die Lizenzgeber von Inhalten, die mit der Zahlung von Lizenzgebühren einhergehen.
Für die Kommunikation mit Ihnen – Wir verwenden die von uns erhobenen Daten, wie etwa Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, um direkt mit Ihnen zu interagieren.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
So könnten wir Ihnen beispielsweise eine Benachrichtigung senden, wenn wir verdächtige Aktivitäten feststellen, z. B. einen Versuch, sich von einem ungewöhnlichen Standort aus in Ihrem Google-Konto anzumelden.
Möglicherweise informieren wir Sie über anstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen unserer Dienste.
Wenn Sie Google kontaktieren, zeichnen wir Ihre Anfrage auf, um Ihnen bei der Lösung eventuell auftretender Probleme behilflich sein zu können.
Google-Dienste wie Google Fotos können Ihnen, abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen, Marketingmitteilungen über Angebote wie beispielsweise Rabattaktionen für Fotodrucke senden.
Google-Dienste wie YouTube Premium und YouTube Music Premium können Sie über anstehende Änderungen Ihres Abonnements informieren.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Zur
Ausführung eines Vertrags
mit Ihnen, beispielsweise wenn Sie den Google-Support kontaktieren oder sich für Mitteilungen über Produktupdates anmelden.
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Bereitstellung, Aufrechterhaltung und Optimierung von Diensten, um die Anforderungen unserer Nutzer zu erfüllen.
Wir informieren Sie beispielsweise über unsere Dienste, beispielsweise über anstehende Änderungen oder Verbesserungen.
Marketing, um Nutzer über unsere Dienste zu informieren.
Zum Beispiel können wir eine E-Mail an Nutzer von Google Fotos senden, die Informationen zu einer Rabattaktion für Fotodrucke enthält.
Zum Schutz von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit
Zur Verbesserung der Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit unserer Dienste. Dazu zählen das Erkennen, Verhindern und Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln und technischen Problemen, die Google, unseren Nutzern oder der Öffentlichkeit schaden könnten.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wir erheben und analysieren IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten, um unsere Dienste durch automatisierte Mechanismen vor Missbrauch zu schützen. Dieser Missbrauch kann viele verschiedene Formen annehmen, zum Beispiel das Senden von Spam an Gmail-Nutzer. Außerdem könnte Werbetreibenden durch betrügerisches Klicken auf Werbung Geld gestohlen werden oder Inhalte durch das Starten eines Distributed-Denial-of-Service-Angriffs (DDoS) unterdrückt werden.
Mit der Funktion "Letzte Kontoaktivität" in Gmail können Sie feststellen, ob und wann eine andere Person ohne Ihr Wissen auf Ihre E-Mail zugegriffen hat. In dieser Funktion finden Sie Informationen zu den letzten Aktivitäten in Gmail, wie etwa die IP-Adressen, über die auf Ihre E-Mails zugegriffen wurde, sowie wo und wann der Zugriff erfolgt ist.
Wir analysieren Ihre Inhalte, um
Missbrauch wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte zu erkennen
.
Wir verarbeiten Informationen zu Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten aus unseren Diensten gemäß den Richtlinien von Google zur Entfernung von Inhalten oder gemäß anwendbarem Recht, um das betreffende Ersuchen zu prüfen, Transparenz zu gewährleisten, die Fähigkeit zur Rechenschaftslegung zu verbessern und Missbrauch und Betrug bei diesen Verfahren zu verhindern.
Zur Einhaltung geltender Gesetze, Verordnungen sowie Rechtsverfahren oder Befolgung eines vollstreckbaren behördlichen Ersuchens.
Beispiele für Verarbeitungsaktivitäten:
Wie andere Technologie- und Kommunikationsunternehmen auch erhält Google regelmäßig Anfragen von staatlichen Behörden und Gerichten auf der ganzen Welt, in denen wir zur Offenlegung von Nutzerdaten aufgefordert werden. Die Achtung Ihrer Privatsphäre und die Sicherheit Ihrer gespeicherten Daten sind zwei wesentliche Aspekte, an denen wir uns bei der Frage orientieren, ob wir diesen rechtlichen Anfragen nachkommen. Unsere Rechtsabteilung prüft jede einzelne Anfrage unabhängig von ihrer Art. Häufig werden Anfragen abgelehnt, die zu allgemein gehalten sind oder bei denen das korrekte Verfahren nicht eingehalten wurde.
Aufgrund rechtlicher Verpflichtungen müssen wir bestimmte Daten speichern, etwa aufgrund einer Dokumentationspflicht im Finanzbereich. Beispielsweise speichern wir aus steuerrechtlichen oder buchhalterischen Gründen Daten zu Zahlungen, die Sie an Google geleistet haben.
Verschiedene Gesetze und Vorschriften verpflichten uns dazu, Maßnahmen zu ergreifen, um sicherzustellen, dass unsere Nutzer alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen. Um Ihr Alter zu bestimmen, verarbeiten wir das von Ihnen angegebene Geburtsdatum. Wir verarbeiten auch Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten, sowohl wenn Sie in einem Google-Konto angemeldet als auch wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, und verwenden maschinelles Lernen, um festzustellen, ob Sie wahrscheinlich über 18 Jahre alt sind. In bestimmten Fällen, wenn wir nicht bestätigen können, dass Sie alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen, können wir andere Informationen anfordern, um Ihr Alter zu überprüfen, beispielsweise Ihren Personalausweis, Ihre Kreditkarte, ein Foto von Ihnen oder Ihre Telefonnummer.
Welche Daten verarbeitet werden, hängt von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Die Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Daten, die Sie uns bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung stellen:
Inhalte, die Sie erstellen, hochladen oder empfangen (z. B. Fotos, Videos, E‑Mails, Dokumente und Tabellen).
Google Dashboard
: Damit können Sie Daten verwalten, die mit bestimmten Produkten verknüpft sind.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie ein Google-Konto erstellen (z. B.
Ihr Name
und Ihr Passwort,
Ihre Telefonnummer
, Ihr Geburtsdatum oder
Zahlungsinformationen
).
Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Informationen zu Ihren Apps, Browsern und Geräten
wie
eindeutige IDs
, die mit dem Browser, der App oder dem Gerät verknüpft sind, den, die bzw. das Sie verwenden, sowie Informationen über die Interaktion Ihrer Apps, Browser und Geräte mit unseren Diensten (z. B. IP-Adresse, Absturzberichte und Systemaktivitäten).
Informationen zu Ihren Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten
wie Ihre Suchbegriffe, der mit Ihrem Google-Konto synchronisierte Chrome-Browserverlauf, Ihre Aufrufe und Interaktionen von bzw. mit Inhalten und Werbung sowie Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden. Die in Ihrem Google-Konto gespeicherten Aktivitäten können Sie auf der Seite
Meine Aktivitäten
einsehen und verwalten.
Standortinformationen
, die etwa anhand von GPS, IP-Adresse und anderen Daten von Sensoren an Ihrem Gerät oder in dessen Nähe ermittelt werden können. Dies hängt zum Teil von Ihren Geräte- und Kontoeinstellungen ab.
Informationen aus öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
wie Informationen, die online (z. B. wenn Ihr Name in Ihrer lokalen Zeitung erwähnt wird) oder aus anderen Quellen öffentlich verfügbar sind.
Informationen von unseren vertrauenswürdigen Partnern
, z. B. von Verzeichnisdiensten, die uns Informationen zu Unternehmen liefern, die in Google-Diensten angezeigt werden sollen, oder von Sicherheitspartnern, die uns Daten liefern, um vor Missbrauch zu schützen.
Die rechtlichen Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung dieser Informationen hängen von Ihren Einstellungen sowie von der Art ab, wie Sie die Google-Dienste nutzen. Diese Grundlagen können Folgendes umfassen:
Wahrung unserer
berechtigten Interessen
und derer von Dritten, einschließlich:
Durchsetzen rechtlicher Forderungen, einschließlich der Untersuchung möglicher Verletzungen anwendbarer Nutzungsbedingungen.
Wir analysieren beispielsweise Inhalte, um Missbrauch wie Spam, Malware und illegale Inhalte zu erkennen.
Aufdecken, Verhindern oder anderweitiges Bekämpfen von Betrug, Missbrauch, Sicherheitsmängeln oder technischen Problemen bei unseren Diensten.
Zum Beispiel erheben und analysieren wir IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten zum Schutz vor automatisiertem Missbrauch.
Schutz der Rechte, des Eigentums und der Sicherheit von Google, unserer Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit vor Schaden, einschließlich der Offenlegung von Informationen gegenüber Behörden.
Beispielsweise reagieren wir auf gerichtliche Verfahren oder vollstreckbare Aufforderungen von staatlichen Stellen und Gerichten zur Offenlegung von Daten, nachdem jede Anfrage sorgfältig geprüft wurde, um sicherzustellen, dass sie den anwendbaren Gesetzen entspricht.
Recherchen, durch die unsere Dienste für Nutzer verbessert werden und die für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind.
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten, um die Öffentlichkeit zu informieren, Recherchen zu ermöglichen und Transparenz in Bezug auf diese Ersuchen zu bieten.
Wenn dies zum Schutz Ihrer
lebenswichtigen Interessen
oder denen einer anderen Person erforderlich ist. Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Daten, um sexuellen Missbrauch von Kindern im Internet zu erkennen und zu bekämpfen.
Wenn wir eine
rechtliche Verpflichtung
haben, zum Beispiel zur Aufbewahrung bestimmter Informationen zu Zwecken der Dokumentationspflicht oder zur Verarbeitung und Aufbewahrung von Informationen, um dabei zu helfen sicherzustellen, dass die Nutzer alt genug sind, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen.
Google-Dienste verknüpfen
Wenn Sie ein Nutzer in der EU sind, bieten wir Ihnen die Wahl, eine Verknüpfung zwischen bestimmten Google-Diensten beizubehalten. Weitere Informationen zu Ihren verknüpften Diensten und zum Verwalten Ihrer Auswahl finden Sie unter
Informationen zum GDM und zu Ihren verknüpften Diensten
.
Informationen über diese Datenschutzerklärung
Anwendungsbereich dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für alle Dienste, die von Google LLC und seinen
verbundenen Unternehmen
angeboten werden, einschließlich YouTube, Android und Dienste, die auf Websites Dritter bereitgestellt werden, wie Werbedienste. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt nicht für Dienste, für die gesonderte Datenschutzrichtlinien gelten und die die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung nicht beinhalten.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt nicht für
den Umgang mit Daten durch andere Unternehmen und Organisationen, die unsere Dienste bewerben,
Dienste, die von anderen Unternehmen oder Personen angeboten werden, einschließlich von ihnen angebotene Produkte oder Websites, die möglicherweise Google-Dienste beinhalten, für die die Erklärung gilt, sowie Produkte oder Websites, die Ihnen in Suchergebnissen angezeigt werden oder die über einen Link in unseren Diensten erreicht werden können
Änderungen an dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Wir ändern diese Datenschutzerklärung von Zeit zu Zeit. Wir werden Ihre Rechte im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung ohne Ihre ausdrückliche Zustimmung nicht einschränken. Wir geben immer das Veröffentlichungsdatum der letzten Änderungen an und bieten Ihnen Zugriff auf
archivierte Versionen
. Bei wesentlichen Änderungen weisen wir deutlicher auf diese hin. So werden Sie zum Beispiel bei bestimmten Diensten per E-Mail über eine Änderung der Datenschutzerklärung benachrichtigt.
Weitere Informationen zum Datenschutz
Google-Dienste
Die folgenden Datenschutzhinweise bieten zusätzliche Informationen zu manchen Google-Diensten:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini-Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Mit Family Link verwaltete Google-Konten für Kinder unter 13 Jahren (in einigen Ländern gilt ein anderes Mindestalter für Google-Konten)
Family Link-Leitfaden zum Datenschutz für Kinder und Teenager
Erhebung von Sprach- und Audiodaten im Rahmen von Funktionen für Kinder in Google Assistant
Wenn Sie Mitglied einer Organisation sind, die Google Workspace oder Google Cloud Platform verwendet, erfahren Sie in den
Datenschutzhinweisen zu Google Cloud
, wie diese Dienste Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen erheben und verarbeiten.
Weitere hilfreiche Ressourcen
Die folgenden Links bieten hilfreiche Ressourcen, um weitere Informationen über unsere Praktiken und Datenschutzeinstellungen zu erhalten.
Ihr Google-Konto
verfügt über zahlreiche Einstellungen, mit denen Sie Ihr Konto verwalten können.
Der
Privatsphärecheck
führt Sie durch die wichtigsten Datenschutzeinstellungen für Ihr Google-Konto.
Im
Google Sicherheitscenter
erhalten Sie Informationen zu unseren integrierten Sicherheitsmaßnahmen und Datenschutzeinstellungen. Außerdem können Sie hier die Tools kennenlernen, mit denen Sie innerhalb Ihrer Familie Grundregeln für die Nutzung digitaler Onlinemedien aufstellen können.
In den
Google-Datenschutzinformationen für Jugendliche
finden Sie Antworten auf einige der uns am häufigsten gestellten Fragen zum Datenschutz
Der Abschnitt
Datenschutz & Nutzungsbedingungen
bietet weitere Hintergrundinformationen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung und zu unseren Nutzungsbedingungen.
Unter
Technologien
finden Sie weitere Informationen zu folgenden Themen:
So verwendet Google Cookies
Die für
Werbung
verwendeten Technologien
Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
Wichtige Begriffe
Algorithmus
Ein Prozess oder Regelwerk, dem ein Computer beim Ausführen von Problemlösungsverfahren folgt.
Applikationsdaten-Cache
Ein Applikationsdaten-Cache ist ein Datenspeicher auf einem Gerät. Damit kann eine Webanwendung zum Beispiel ohne Internetverbindung ausgeführt oder die Leistung der Anwendung durch schnelleres Laden der Inhalte verbessert werden.
Browser-Webspeicher
Mithilfe des Browser-Webspeichers können Websites Daten in einem Browser auf einem Gerät speichern. Wenn der Speicher als "lokaler Speicher" verwendet wird, können Daten sitzungsübergreifend gespeichert werden. Dadurch sind sie auch nach dem Schließen und erneuten Öffnen des Browsers weiterhin abrufbar. Eine Technologie, die dies ermöglicht, ist HTML 5.
Cookies
Ein Cookie ist eine kleine Datei, die eine Zeichenkette enthält, die an Ihren Computer gesendet wird, wenn Sie eine Website aufrufen. Wenn Sie die Website das nächste Mal besuchen, kann diese anhand des Cookies Ihren Browser wiedererkennen. Cookies können Nutzereinstellungen und andere Informationen speichern. Ihr Browser lässt sich so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies abgelehnt werden oder dass angezeigt wird, wenn ein Cookie gesendet wird. Einige Funktionen oder Dienste einer Website werden ohne Cookies möglicherweise nicht richtig ausgeführt. Lernen Sie mehr darüber,
wie Google Cookies verwendet
und wie Google Daten, einschließlich Cookies, verwendet,
wenn Sie die Websites oder Apps unserer Partner nutzen
Eindeutige IDs
Bei einer eindeutigen ID handelt es sich um eine Zeichenfolge, anhand derer ein Browser, eine App oder ein Gerät eindeutig identifiziert werden kann. Solche IDs haben eine unterschiedliche Verwendungsdauer und unterscheiden sich darin, ob sie durch den Nutzer zurückgesetzt werden können und wie der Nutzer auf sie zugreifen kann.
Eindeutige IDs werden zu verschiedenen Zwecken verwendet, etwa aus Sicherheitsgründen und zur Betrugserkennung, zum Synchronisieren von Diensten wie dem E-Mail-Posteingang oder zum Speichern von Einstellungen und Anbieten personalisierter Werbung. In Cookies gespeicherte eindeutige IDs dienen beispielsweise dazu, Websites die Darstellung von Browserinhalten in Ihrer bevorzugten Sprache zu ermöglichen. Ihr Browser lässt sich so konfigurieren, dass alle Cookies abgelehnt werden oder dass angezeigt wird, wenn ein Cookie gesendet wird. Weitere Informationen dazu,
wie Google Cookies verwendet
Auf anderen Plattformen als Browsern werden eindeutige IDs zur Erkennung eines bestimmten Geräts oder einer App auf diesem Gerät verwendet. Eine eindeutige ID wie die Werbe-ID wird beispielsweise verwendet, um Ihnen auf Android-Geräten relevante Werbung anzuzeigen. Dies können Sie in Ihren Geräteeinstellungen
verwalten
. Eindeutige IDs können auch vom Hersteller einem Gerät fest zugewiesen werden. Diese IDs werden gelegentlich auch als "Universally Unique ID" oder kurz "UUID" bezeichnet. Ein Beispiel hierfür ist die IMEI-Nummer eines Smartphones. Anhand dieser eindeutigen ID können wir etwa unseren Dienst an Ihr Gerät anpassen oder Geräteprobleme im Zusammenhang mit unseren Diensten analysieren.
Gerät
Ein Gerät ist ein Computer, mit dessen Hilfe auf Google-Dienste zugegriffen werden kann. Beispielsweise werden Desktop-Computer, Tablets, intelligente Lautsprecher und Smartphones als Geräte bezeichnet.
Google-Konto
Um einige unserer Dienste nutzen zu können, ist es erforderlich, ein
Google-Konto
zu erstellen und einige personenbezogene Daten (typischerweise Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und ein Passwort) anzugeben. Mithilfe dieser Kontoinformationen ist es möglich, Sie zu authentifizieren, wenn Sie auf Dienste von Google zugreifen, und Ihr Konto vor nicht autorisierten Zugriffen durch andere Nutzer zu schützen. Sie können Ihr Konto jederzeit über die Google-Kontoeinstellungen bearbeiten oder löschen.
IP-Adresse
Jedem Gerät, das mit dem Internet verbunden ist, wird eine Nummer zugewiesen. Diese wird als Internet Protocol(IP)-Adresse bezeichnet. Diese Nummern werden normalerweise in Blöcken zugewiesen, die bestimmten geografischen Gebieten zugeordnet sind. Anhand der IP-Adresse kann oftmals der Ort identifiziert werden, von dem aus sich das Gerät mit dem Internet verbindet.
Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden
Nicht-personenbezogene Daten
Das sind Nutzer-Informationen, die erfasst werden, sodass sie nicht länger auf individuell identifizierbare Nutzer verweisen können.
Personenbezogene Daten
Hierbei handelt es sich um Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen und anhand derer Sie persönlich identifiziert werden können (z. B. Ihr Name, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse oder Zahlungsinformationen), oder sonstige Daten, die von Google mit Informationen dieser Art in Verbindung gebracht werden können, beispielsweise Informationen, die wir mit Ihrem Google-Konto verknüpfen.
Pixel-Tag
Ein Pixel-Tag wird auf einer Website oder innerhalb einer E-Mail-Nachricht platziert, um bestimmte Aktivitäten wie das Aufrufen von Websites oder das Öffnen von E-Mails zu erfassen. Pixel-Tags werden häufig in Kombination mit Cookies eingesetzt.
Sensible personenbezogene Daten
Hierbei handelt es sich um besondere Kategorien personenbezogener Daten wie etwa vertrauliche medizinische Informationen, die Zugehörigkeit zu einer bestimmten ethnischen Gruppe, politische oder religiöse Gesinnungen oder sexuelle Neigungen.
Serverprotokolle
Wie bei den meisten Websites zeichnen unsere Server automatisch Ihre Aufrufe unserer Websites auf. Diese „Serverprotokolle“ enthalten normalerweise Ihre Webanfrage, die IP-Adresse, den Browsertyp, die Browsersprache, das Datum und die Uhrzeit Ihrer Anfrage sowie ein oder mehrere Cookies, die Ihren Browser eindeutig identifizieren können.
Ein typischer Protokolleintrag für die Suche nach dem Begriff "Autos" sieht folgendermaßen aus:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
ist dabei die IP-Adresse, die der Internetanbieter dem Nutzer zuweist. Je nach Dienst kann dem Nutzer jedes Mal, wenn er eine Verbindung mit dem Internet herstellt, eine andere Adresse zugewiesen werden.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
sind das Datum und die Uhrzeit der Suchanfrage.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
ist die angeforderte URL einschließlich Anfrage.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
sind der verwendete Browser und das verwendete Betriebssystem.
740674ce2123a969
ist die eindeutige Cookie-ID, die diesem Computer beim ersten Besuch von Google zugewiesen wird. Hinweis: Cookies können von Nutzern gelöscht werden. Wenn der Nutzer seit dem letzten Aufruf von Google das Cookie vom Computer gelöscht hat, wird ihm beim nächsten Aufruf von Google auf dem entsprechenden Gerät erneut eine solche eindeutige Cookie-ID zugewiesen.
Verbundene Unternehmen
Ein verbundenes Unternehmen ist eine juristische Person, die zur Google-Unternehmensgruppe gehört, einschließlich der folgenden Unternehmen, die Dienstleistungen in der EU anbieten: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp und Google Dialer Inc. Weitere Informationen zu den
Unternehmen, die Geschäftsdienstleistungen in der EU anbieten
Verweis-URL
Eine Verweis-URL (Uniform Resource Locator) ist die Information, die ein Webbrowser in der Regel an eine Ziel-Website übermittelt, wenn Sie auf einen Link zu der betreffenden Website klicken. Die Verweis-URL enthält die URL der letzten Website, die im Browser aufgerufen wurde.
Zusätzliche Informationen
Ähnliche Informationen im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer körperlichen oder psychischen Gesundheit
Wenn Sie von uns angebotene Fitnessprodukte und ‐Apps wie Fitbit, die Pixel Watch, Nest oder Google Fit verwenden, erheben wir Daten von Ihnen, z. B. Ihre Größe und Ihr Gewicht. Mithilfe dieser Apps und Geräte sammeln wir außerdem Daten wie Schlafrhythmus, Herzfrequenz, Hauttemperatur, verbrannte Kalorien und zurückgelegte Schritte.
Aktivitäten auf Websites und in Apps von Drittanbietern, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Websites und Apps, bei denen Google-Dienste wie Werbung und Analysen integriert sind, geben Daten an uns weiter.
Diese Daten werden unabhängig vom verwendeten Browser oder Browsermodus erhoben. Beispielsweise kann der Inkognitomodus in Chrome zwar dazu beitragen, dass andere Personen, die Ihr Gerät verwenden, nicht sehen können, welche Inhalte Sie aufgerufen haben. Websites und Apps von Drittanbietern, bei denen unsere Dienste integriert sind, können dennoch Daten an Google weitergeben, wenn Sie sie öffnen.
Hier finden Sie weitere Informationen
zu einigen der Optionen, mit denen Sie festlegen können, welche Daten weitergegeben werden, wenn Sie Websites und Apps öffnen oder nutzen, die Google-Dienste verwenden.
Aktivitäten in Google-Diensten
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und Web- & App-Aktivitäten aktiviert sind, können Daten zu Ihren Aktivitäten auf Websites, in Apps und in Diensten von Google in den Web- & App-Aktivitäten Ihres Kontos gespeichert werden. Einige Aktivitäten können Informationen über den ungefähren Ort enthalten, an dem Sie sich bei der Nutzung des Google-Dienstes aufgehalten haben. Wenn Sie unter Verwendung eines ungefähren Orts nach etwas suchen, wird dafür ein Gebiet von mindestens drei Quadratkilometern verwendet. Alternativ wird der Ort erweitert, bis der Bereich den Standort von mindestens 1.000 Personen umfasst. So wird Ihre Privatsphäre besser geschützt.
In einigen Fällen werden Orte, an denen Sie in der Vergangenheit gesucht haben, möglicherweise dazu verwendet, einen relevanten Standort für Ihre Suche zu schätzen. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Berlin nach Cafés suchen, zeigt Google bei zukünftigen Suchanfragen möglicherweise Ergebnisse für Berlin an.
Unter
Meine Aktivitäten
können Sie Ihre Web- & App-Aktivitäten ansehen und verwalten.
Android-Gerät mit Google-Apps
Android-Geräte mit Google-Apps sind Geräte, die von Google oder einem unserer Partner verkauft werden und umfassen Smartphones, Kameras, Fahrzeuge, Wearables und Fernseher. Diese Geräte nutzen Google Play-Dienste und andere vorinstallierte Apps. Dazu zählen Dienste wie Gmail, Maps, die Kamera- und Telefon-App Ihres Smartphones, die Sprachausgabe, die Tastatureingabe und Sicherheitsfunktionen. Weitere Informationen über Google Play-Dienste
finden Sie hier
.
Bereitstellung unserer Dienste
Im Folgenden finden Sie Beispiele dafür, wie wir Ihre Daten zur Bereitstellung unserer Dienste nutzen:
Wir verwenden die IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, damit Sie die von Ihnen angeforderten Daten laden können, wie etwa ein YouTube-Video.
Wir verwenden eindeutige IDs, die in Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert sind, um Sie als die Person zu authentifizieren, die auf Ihr Google-Konto zugreifen darf.
Fotos und Videos, die Sie in Google Fotos hochladen, werden verwendet, um Ihnen zu helfen, Alben, Collagen und andere Kreationen zu erstellen, die Sie mit anderen teilen können.
Weitere Informationen
Eine Flugbestätigung, die Sie per E-Mail erhalten, kann verwendet werden, um eine Check-in-Schaltfläche in Gmail zu erstellen.
Wenn Sie Dienstleistungen oder Artikel von uns kaufen, teilen Sie uns möglicherweise Informationen wie Ihre Lieferadresse oder Lieferanweisungen mit. Wir verwenden diese Informationen beispielsweise für die Verarbeitung, die Durchführung und die Lieferung Ihrer Bestellung sowie zur Bereitstellung des Supports für den Artikel oder die Dienstleistung, die Sie kaufen.
Bestimmte Google-Dienste
Beispielsweise können Sie
Ihren Blog
aus Blogger oder
eine Google-Website, die Ihnen gehört
, aus Google Sites löschen. Zusätzlich können Sie
Rezensionen
löschen, die Sie zu Apps, Spielen und anderen Inhalten im Play Store verfasst haben.
Bestimmte Partner
Beispielsweise gestatten wir Creatorn und Werbetreibenden, mit Messunternehmen zusammenzuarbeiten, um mithilfe von Cookies oder ähnlichen Technologien mehr über die Zielgruppe ihrer YouTube-Videos oder Werbeanzeigen zu erfahren. Ein weiteres Beispiel sind Händler auf unseren Shopping-Seiten, die mithilfe von Cookies ermitteln, wie viele Nutzer ihre Produkteinträge sehen.
Hier erhalten Sie weitere Informationen
zu diesen Partnern und zu deren Verwendung Ihrer Daten.
Cookies – Damit unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
Wir verwenden beispielsweise ein Cookie namens "lbcs", mit dessen Hilfe sich eine große Zahl von Google Docs-Dokumenten in einem einzigen Browser öffnen lässt. Wird dieses Cookie blockiert, kann Google Docs nicht korrekt ausgeführt werden.
Weitere Informationen
Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten auf dieser Website mit Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites verknüpfen
Google Analytics nutzt eigene Cookies, also Cookies, die vom Google Analytics-Kunden gesetzt wurden. Bei der Verwendung unserer Systeme können Google Analytics-Kunden und Google über Google Analytics generierte Daten mit Drittanbieter-Cookies verknüpfen, die durch Besuche auf anderen Websites generiert wurden. Beispielsweise könnte ein Werbetreibender seine Google Analytics-Daten dazu verwenden, relevantere Werbung zu erstellen oder seinen Traffic genauer zu analysieren.
Weitere Informationen
Der für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Informationen zuständige Datenverantwortliche
Das ist das mit Google verbundene Unternehmen, welches für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten und die Einhaltung der anwendbaren Datenschutzgesetze verantwortlich ist.
der Öffentlichkeit
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten gemäß den Richtlinien von Google zur Entfernung von Inhalten oder gemäß anwendbarem Recht, um das betreffende Ersuchen zu prüfen sowie Transparenz zu gewährleisten, die Rechenschaftspflicht zu verbessern und Missbrauch und Betrug bei diesen Verfahren zu verhindern.
Dienste nutzen, um Anrufe zu tätigen und zu erhalten oder um Nachrichten zu senden und zu empfangen
Beispiele für diese Dienste sind:
Google Voice zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Anrufen, Senden von SMS und Verwalten der Mailbox
Google Meet zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Videoanrufen
Gmail zum Senden und Empfangen von E-Mails
Google Chat zum Senden und Empfangen von Nachrichten
Google Duo zum Tätigen und Empfangen von Videoanrufen und Senden und Empfangen von Nachrichten
Google Fi für einen Telefontarif
Dritte
Beispielsweise verarbeiten wir Ihre Daten, um Rechteinhabern Nutzungsstatistiken bereitzustellen, sie also darüber zu informieren, wie ihre Inhalte in unseren Diensten genutzt wurden. Wir könnten Ihre Daten auch dann verarbeiten, wenn Personen nach Ihrem Namen suchen und wir Suchergebnisse von Websites anzeigen, die öffentlich verfügbare Daten über Sie enthalten.
für die Öffentlichkeit von Vorteil sind
Wir verarbeiten beispielsweise Informationen zu
Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten
aus unseren Diensten, um die Öffentlichkeit zu informieren, Recherchen zu ermöglichen und Transparenz in Bezug auf diese Ersuchen zu bieten.
Geeignete Sicherheitsmaßnahmen
Beispielsweise können wir Daten anonymisieren oder verschlüsseln, damit sie mit keinen anderen Daten über Sie verknüpft werden können.
Weitere Informationen
Geräte
Wir können beispielsweise Informationen von Ihren Geräten nutzen, um Ihnen bei der Entscheidung behilflich zu sein, welches Gerät Sie für die Installation einer App oder zum Ansehen eines Films verwenden sollten, die Sie bei Google Play gekauft haben. Diese Informationen verwenden wir außerdem zum Schutz Ihres Kontos.
Gerichtliches Verfahren oder vollstreckbares behördliches Ersuchen
Wie andere Technologie- und Kommunikationsunternehmen auch erhält Google regelmäßig Anfragen von staatlichen Behörden und Gerichten auf der ganzen Welt, in denen wir zur Offenlegung von Nutzerdaten aufgefordert werden. Die Achtung Ihrer Privatsphäre und die Sicherheit Ihrer gespeicherten Daten sind zwei wesentliche Aspekte, an denen wir uns bei der Frage orientieren, ob wir diesen rechtlichen Anfragen nachkommen. Unsere Rechtsabteilung prüft jede einzelne Anfrage unabhängig von ihrer Art. Häufig werden Anfragen abgelehnt, die zu allgemein gehalten sind oder bei denen das korrekte Verfahren nicht eingehalten wurde. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserem
Transparenzbericht
.
Gewährleisten und verbessern
Beispielsweise analysieren wir, wie Personen mit Werbung interagieren, um die Leistung unserer Werbeanzeigen zu verbessern.
Gewährleisten, dass unsere Dienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren
Beispielsweise überprüfen wir fortlaufend, ob unsere Systeme ordnungsgemäß funktionieren, sodass Probleme erkannt werden können. Wenn wir feststellen, dass eine Funktion fehlerhaft ist, ermöglichen uns die vor dem Eintreten des Problems erfassten Aktivitätsdaten, das Problem schneller zu beseitigen.
Ihre Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites und in Apps
Diese Aktivitäten könnten durch die Nutzung von Google-Diensten entstehen. Beispiele dafür sind die Synchronisierung Ihres Kontos mit Chrome oder Besuche von Websites und Apps von Google-Partnern. Viele Websites und Apps arbeiten bei der Verbesserung ihrer Inhalte und Dienste mit Google zusammen. Beispielsweise können Websites unsere Werbedienste wie AdSense oder Analysetools wie Google Analytics verwenden oder andere Inhalte wie Videos von YouTube einbetten. Von diesen Produkten können Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten an Google weitergegeben werden. Je nach
Ihren Kontoeinstellungen
und den verwendeten Produkten können diese Daten mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten verknüpft werden, zum Beispiel, wenn ein Partner Google Analytics in Verbindung mit unseren Werbediensten verwendet.
Weitere Informationen über die Datennutzung durch Google
, wenn Sie die Websites oder Apps unserer Partner verwenden
In deren Namen Werbung und Recherchedienste bereitstellen
Beispielsweise können Händler Daten von ihren Kundenkartenprogrammen hochladen, um Informationen zu diesen Programmen in die Such- oder Shopping-Ergebnisse aufzunehmen oder sich ein besseres Bild von der Leistung ihrer Werbekampagnen zu machen. Wir stellen Werbetreibenden nur zusammengefasste Berichte zur Verfügung, die keine Informationen über einzelne Personen preisgeben.
in unseren Diensten erhobene Daten verwenden
Je nach Ihren verfügbaren Einstellungen finden Sie im Folgenden Beispiele für die Verwendung der von uns in unseren Diensten erhobenen Daten:
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und eine Suche auf Google durchführen, erscheinen neben Suchergebnissen aus dem öffentlichen Web auch relevante Informationen aus den Inhalten, die in anderen Google-Produkten wie Gmail oder Google Kalender vorhanden sind. Dazu zählen unter anderem der Status Ihrer gebuchten Flüge, Restaurant- und Hotelreservierungen oder Ihre Fotos.
Weitere Informationen
Wenn Sie mit jemandem über Gmail kommuniziert haben und diese Person zu einem Google Docs-Dokument oder einem Termin in Google Kalender hinzufügen möchten, wird die E-Mail-Adresse automatisch vervollständigt, sobald Sie mit der Eingabe des Namens beginnen. Diese Funktion vereinfacht das Teilen von Inhalten mit Freunden und Bekannten.
Weitere Informationen
Die Google App kann Daten nutzen, die Sie in anderen Google-Produkten gespeichert haben, um Ihnen, entsprechend Ihren Einstellungen, personalisierte Inhalte einzublenden. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Ihren Web- & App-Aktivitäten Suchanfragen gespeichert haben, kann Ihnen die Google App Nachrichtenartikel und andere zu Ihren Interessen passende Informationen auf der Basis Ihrer Aktivitäten zeigen, wie z. B. Sportergebnisse.
Wenn Sie Ihr Google-Konto mit Google Home verknüpfen, können Sie über Google Assistant Ihre Daten verwalten und Dinge erledigen. So können Sie beispielsweise Ihrem Google Kalender Termine hinzufügen oder die Terminübersicht für einen bestimmten Tag aufrufen, Statusaktualisierungen zu einem gebuchten Flug abrufen oder Informationen wie Wegbeschreibungen an Ihr Smartphone senden.
Weitere Informationen
Wenn Sie ein Nutzer in der EU sind, wirken sich Ihre Entscheidungen zum Verknüpfen von Diensten darauf aus, wie bestimmte Google-Dienste die Daten dienstübergreifend verwenden können.
Informationen über Objekte in der Nähe Ihres Geräts
Wenn Sie die Standortdienste von Google unter Android nutzen, können wir die Leistung von Apps verbessern, die, wie Google Maps, Standortdaten benötigen. Wenn Sie den Standortdienst von Google nutzen, sendet Ihr Gerät über Sensoren wie den Beschleunigungsmesser, über nahe gelegene Mobilfunkmasten und über WLAN-Zugangspunkte, wie die MAC-Adresse und die Signalstärke, Informationen an Google. Diese Daten ermöglichen eine bessere Bestimmung Ihres Standorts. Den Google-Standortdienst können Sie in den Einstellungen Ihres Geräts aktivieren.
Weitere Informationen
Inhalte und Werbeanzeigen, die Sie sich ansehen und mit denen Sie interagieren
Beispielsweise erheben wir Daten zu Aufrufen und Interaktionen mit Werbeanzeigen, damit wir Werbetreibenden zusammengefasste Berichte bereitstellen können, aus denen hervorgeht, ob wir ihre Werbeanzeige auf einer Seite ausgeliefert haben und ob die Werbeanzeige von einem Nutzer gesehen wurde. Darüber hinaus können auch andere Interaktionen gemessen werden, etwa wie Sie Ihre Maus über eine Werbeanzeige bewegen oder ob Sie mit der Seite interagieren, auf der die Werbeanzeige eingeblendet wird.
löschen
Sie können beispielsweise, wie oben beschrieben, basierend auf dem anwendbaren Recht (einschließlich Datenschutzrecht) und unseren Richtlinien das
Entfernen von Inhalten aus bestimmten Google-Diensten beantragen
, einschließlich Inhalten, in denen sich möglicherweise Ihre Daten befinden.
Missbrauch erkennen
Wenn wir auf unseren Systemen Spam, Malware, illegale Inhalte (einschließlich
Darstellungen des sexuellen Missbrauchs und der Ausbeutung von Kindern
) und andere Formen von Missbrauch feststellen, die gegen unsere Richtlinien verstoßen, können wir Ihr Konto deaktivieren oder andere angemessene Maßnahmen ergreifen. Unter bestimmten Umständen melden wir den Verstoß auch den zuständigen Behörden.
Öffentlich zugängliche Quellen
Beispielsweise erheben wir Daten, die online oder in anderen öffentlichen Quellen verfügbar sind, um die KI-Modelle von Google zu trainieren sowie Produkte und Funktionen wie Google Übersetzer, Gemini-Apps und Cloud AI weiterzuentwickeln. Wenn Ihre Unternehmensinformationen auf einer Website erscheinen, können wir sie indexieren und in Google-Diensten anzeigen.
Orte, denen Sie ein Label hinzufügen, z. B. Ihr Zuhause oder Ihr Arbeitsplatz
Sie können wichtige Orte in Ihrem Google-Konto speichern, z. B. Ihr Zuhause oder Ihren Arbeitsplatz. Wenn Sie Ihre Privat- oder Arbeitsadresse festlegen, werden damit bestimmte Aktionen einfacher, etwa das Abrufen von Wegbeschreibungen oder Ergebnissen in der Nähe Ihrer Privat- oder Arbeitsadresse. Außerdem sehen Sie relevantere Werbung.
Sie können Ihre Privat- und Arbeitsadresse jederzeit in Ihrem
Google-Konto
bearbeiten oder löschen.
Partnerschaft mit Google
Es gibt mehr als zwei Millionen Partnerwebsites und -apps im Google-Werbenetzwerk.
Weitere Informationen
Personalisierte Suchergebnisse
Wenn Sie beispielsweise in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind und die Einstellungen für Web- & App-Aktivitäten aktiviert sind, erhalten Sie relevantere Suchergebnisse auf der Basis Ihrer früheren Suchaktivitäten und Aktivitäten in anderen Google-Diensten.
Weitere Informationen dazu erhalten Sie hier.
Auch wenn Sie abgemeldet sind, können Sie personalisierte Suchergebnisse erhalten. Wenn Sie dieses Maß an Personalisierung bei der Suche nicht wünschen, können Sie
privat suchen und surfen
oder die
personalisierte Suche in abgemeldetem Zustand
deaktivieren.
Personalisierte Werbung
Möglicherweise wird Ihnen auch personalisierte Werbung präsentiert, die auf den Daten des Werbetreibenden basiert. Wenn Sie beispielsweise auf der Website eines Werbetreibenden eingekauft haben, kann dieser die Daten über Ihren Besuch zum Einblenden von Werbeanzeigen nutzen.
Weitere Informationen
Personalisierung unserer Dienste
Beispielsweise können wir ein Google-Doodle auf der Startseite der Suche zeigen, das sich speziell auf einen feierlichen Anlass in Ihrem Land bezieht.
Personen, mit denen Sie online am häufigsten zu tun haben
Wenn Sie zum Beispiel beim Schreiben einer E-Mail eine Adresse in das Feld "Empfänger", "Cc" oder "Bcc" eingeben, schlägt Gmail Ihnen Adressen von Personen vor,
die Sie am häufigsten kontaktieren
.
Sensible Kategorien
Wenn wir Ihnen personalisierte Werbung präsentieren, so basiert diese auf Themen, von denen wir denken, dass Sie aufgrund Ihrer Aktivitäten daran interessiert sein könnten. Beispielsweise könnten wir Werbung für Themen wie "Kochen und Rezepte" oder "Flugreisen" einblenden. Wir verwenden jedoch nicht solche Themen und schalten nicht solche personalisierten Werbeanzeigen, die auf sensiblen Kategorien wie ethnischer Zugehörigkeit, Religion, sexueller Orientierung oder Gesundheit basieren.
Dasselbe verlangen wie auch von unseren Werbetreibenden
, die unsere Dienste nutzen.
Sensordaten von Ihrem Gerät
Ihr Gerät ist möglicherweise mit Sensoren ausgestattet, die zur genaueren Bestimmung Ihres Standorts und Ihrer Bewegungen verwendet werden können. Beispielsweise kann mithilfe eines Beschleunigungsmessers Ihre Bewegungsgeschwindigkeit erfasst werden und mit einem Gyroskop die Richtung festgestellt werden, in die Sie sich bewegen.
Weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Standortinformationen verwenden
Server auf der ganzen Welt
Wir betreiben Rechenzentren
auf der ganzen Welt
, um Nutzern unsere Produkte ununterbrochen zur Verfügung stellen zu können.
Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit
Im Folgenden finden Sie Beispiele für die Nutzung Ihrer Daten zur Gewährleistung von Sicherheit und Zuverlässigkeit unserer Dienste:
Durch das Erheben und Analysieren von IP-Adressen und Cookiedaten können wir unsere Dienste durch automatisierte Mechanismen vor Missbrauch schützen. Dieser Missbrauch nimmt viele verschiedene Formen an, zum Beispiel das Senden von Spam an Gmail-Nutzer. Außerdem könnte Werbetreibenden durch betrügerisches Klicken auf Werbeanzeigen Geld gestohlen werden oder Inhalte durch das Starten eines Distributed-Denial-of-Service-Angriffs (DDoS) unterdrückt werden.
Mit der Funktion "Letzte Kontoaktivität" in Gmail können Sie feststellen, ob und wann eine andere Person ohne Ihr Wissen auf Ihre E-Mail zugegriffen hat. In dieser Funktion finden Sie Informationen zu den letzten Aktivitäten in Gmail, wie etwa die IP-Adressen, über die auf Ihre E-Mails zugegriffen wurde, sowie wo und wann der Zugriff erfolgt ist.
Weitere Informationen
Sprach- und Audiodaten
Sie können zum Beispiel entscheiden, ob Sie möchten, dass Google eine Audioaufnahme in Ihrem Google-Konto speichert, wenn Sie mit der Google Suche, Google Assistant und Google Maps interagieren. Wenn Ihr Gerät einen Befehl zur Aktivierung der Sprachsteuerung erkennt, beispielsweise „Hey Google“, zeichnet Google sowohl Ihre Stimme und Audio als auch einige Sekunden vor der Aktivierung auf.
Weitere Informationen
Synchronisation mit Ihrem Google-Konto
Ihr Chrome-Browserverlauf wird nur dann in Ihrem Konto gespeichert, wenn Sie in Chrome die Synchronisierung mit Ihrem Google-Konto aktiviert haben.
Weitere Informationen
Telefonnummer
Wenn Sie Ihrem Konto Ihre Telefonnummer hinzugefügt haben, kann diese abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen in Google-Diensten für unterschiedliche Zwecke verwendet werden. Beispielsweise kann Ihre Telefonnummer dazu genutzt werden, Ihnen zu helfen, wieder auf Ihr Konto zugreifen zu können, wenn Sie Ihr Passwort vergessen haben. Außerdem kann sie anderen Personen helfen, Sie zu finden und mit Ihnen Kontakt aufzunehmen. Schließlich kann sie verwendet werden, um für Sie relevantere Werbung einzublenden.
Weitere Informationen
Trends aufzuzeigen
Wenn viele Nutzer nach etwas Bestimmtem suchen, kann dies Aufschluss über aktuelle Trends geben. Google Trends analysiert Suchanfragen in der Google Websuche, um die Anzahl der Suchanfragen in einem bestimmten Zeitraum zu ermitteln, und veröffentlicht eine Zusammenfassung dieser Ergebnisse.
Weitere Informationen
Unsere Dienste verbessern
Beispielsweise können wir anhand von Cookies analysieren, wie Nutzer mit unseren Diensten interagieren. Diese Analyse kann uns helfen, unsere Produkte zu optimieren. So könnten wir zum Beispiel feststellen, dass Nutzern die Durchführung einer bestimmten Aufgabe zu lange dauert oder dass manche Schritte überhaupt nicht durchgeführt werden können. In diesem Fall können wir diese Funktion überarbeiten und das Produkt für alle verbessern.
unserer Nutzer
Beispielsweise gibt Google Daten zu Ersuchen um Entfernung von Inhalten aus unseren Diensten an Lumen weiter, um Missbrauch zu verhindern und die Transparenz und Rechenschaft in Bezug auf unsere Moderation von Online-Inhalten zu verbessern. Lumen erfasst und analysiert diese Ersuchen, um Forschung zu ermöglichen, mit deren Hilfe Internetnutzer ihre Rechte besser verstehen.
Weitere Informationen
Vor Missbrauch schützen
Beispielsweise können uns Informationen über Sicherheitsbedrohungen helfen, Sie zu informieren, wenn wir denken, dass Unbefugte Zugriff auf Ihr Konto erlangt haben (an diesem Punkt können wir Ihnen helfen, Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihres Kontos zu ergreifen).
Werbung, die Sie besonders nützlich finden
Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise auf YouTube Videos zum Thema Backen ansehen, werden Ihnen beim Surfen im Web unter Umständen mehr Werbeanzeigen zu diesem Thema eingeblendet. Anhand Ihrer IP-Adresse können wir auch Ihren ungefähren Standort ermitteln, damit wir Werbung für Pizza-Lieferservices in der Nähe einblenden können, wenn Sie den Suchbegriff "Pizza" eingeben. Hier finden Sie weitere Informationen
über Werbung bei Google
und
warum Ihnen bestimmte Werbeanzeigen präsentiert werden
.
Zahlungsinformationen
Wenn Sie Ihrem Google-Konto eine Kreditkarte oder eine andere Zahlungsmethode hinzufügen, können Sie damit in allen unseren Diensten Artikel einkaufen, wie z. B. Apps im Play Store. Unter Umständen bitten wir Sie um weitere Informationen, wie eine Unternehmenssteuernummer, um Ihre Zahlung verarbeiten zu können. In manchen Fällen müssen wir Ihre Identität überprüfen und könnten Sie dafür nach Informationen fragen.
Wir können Zahlungsinformationen auch verwenden, um zu überprüfen, ob Sie die Altersbeschränkungen einhalten. Dies kann beispielsweise der Fall sein, wenn Sie ein falsches Geburtsdatum angegeben haben, das darauf schließen lässt, dass Sie für ein Google-Konto nicht alt genug sind.
Weitere Informationen
Google
Über Google
Datenschutz
Nutzungsbedingungen
Transparenz-Center
Eine Drop‑down-Liste, um die Sprache der Website zu ändern. Jede Option ist der Name einer Sprache. Es gibt insgesamt 65 Optionen.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Hauptmenü
Google-Apps
Sub-policy 1
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 2
https://cloud.google.com/terms/cloud-privacy-notice?hl=de:
Skip to main content
cloud.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Overview
More
Solutions
More
Products
More
Pricing
More
Resources
More
Docs
Support
Console
Contact Us
Start free
Accelerate your digital transformation
Learn more
Key benefits
Why Google Cloud
AI and ML
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Data Cloud
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Security
Productivity and collaboration
Reports and insights
Executive insights
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Customer stories
Industry Solutions
Retail
Consumer Packaged Goods
Financial Services
Healthcare and Life Sciences
Media and Entertainment
Telecommunications
Games
Manufacturing
Supply Chain and Logistics
Government
Education
See all industry solutions
See all solutions
Application Modernization
CAMP
Modernize Traditional Applications
Migrate from PaaS&#58; Cloud Foundry, Openshift
Migrate from Mainframe
Modernize Software Delivery
DevOps Best Practices
SRE Principles
Day 2 Operations for GKE
FinOps and Optimization of GKE
Run Applications at the Edge
Architect for Multicloud
Go Serverless
Artificial Intelligence
Customer Engagement Suite with Google AI
Document AI
Vertex AI Search for retail
Gemini for Google Cloud
Generative AI on Google Cloud
APIs and Applications
New Business Channels Using APIs
Unlocking Legacy Applications Using APIs
Open Banking APIx
Data Analytics
Data Migration
Data Lake Modernization
Stream Analytics
Marketing Analytics
Datasets
Business Intelligence
AI for Data Analytics
Databases
Database Migration
Database Modernization
Databases for Games
Google Cloud Databases
Migrate Oracle workloads to Google Cloud
Open Source Databases
SQL Server on Google Cloud
Gemini for Databases
Infrastructure Modernization
Application Migration
SAP on Google Cloud
High Performance Computing
Windows on Google Cloud
Data Center Migration
Active Assist
Virtual Desktops
Rapid Migration and Modernization Program
Backup and Disaster Recovery
Red Hat on Google Cloud
Cross-Cloud Network
Observability
Productivity and Collaboration
Google Workspace
Google Workspace Essentials
Cloud Identity
Chrome Enterprise
Security
Security Analytics and Operations
Web App and API Protection
Security and Resilience Framework
Risk and compliance as code (RCaC)
Software Supply Chain Security
Security Foundation
Google Cloud Cybershield™
Startups and SMB
Startup Program
Small and Medium Business
Software as a Service
Featured Products
Compute Engine
Cloud Storage
BigQuery
Cloud Run
Google Kubernetes Engine
Vertex AI
Looker
Apigee API Management
Cloud SQL
Gemini
Cloud CDN
See all products (100+)
AI and Machine Learning
Vertex AI Platform
Vertex AI Studio
Vertex AI Agent Builder
Conversational Agents
Vertex AI Search
Speech-to-Text
Text-to-Speech
Translation AI
Document AI
Vision AI
Contact Center as a Service
See all AI and machine learning products
Business Intelligence
Looker
Looker Studio
Compute
Compute Engine
App Engine
Cloud GPUs
Migrate to Virtual Machines
Spot VMs
Batch
Sole-Tenant Nodes
Bare Metal
Recommender
VMware Engine
Cloud Run
See all compute products
Containers
Google Kubernetes Engine
Cloud Run
Cloud Build
Artifact Registry
Cloud Code
Cloud Deploy
Migrate to Containers
Deep Learning Containers
Knative
Data Analytics
BigQuery
Looker
Dataflow
Pub/Sub
Dataproc
Cloud Data Fusion
Cloud Composer
BigLake
Dataplex
Dataform
Analytics Hub
See all data analytics products
Databases
AlloyDB for PostgreSQL
Cloud SQL
Firestore
Spanner
Bigtable
Datastream
Database Migration Service
Bare Metal Solution
Memorystore
Developer Tools
Artifact Registry
Cloud Code
Cloud Build
Cloud Deploy
Cloud Deployment Manager
Cloud SDK
Cloud Scheduler
Cloud Source Repositories
Infrastructure Manager
Cloud Workstations
Gemini Code Assist
See all developer tools
Distributed Cloud
Google Distributed Cloud Connected
Google Distributed Cloud Air-gapped
Hybrid and Multicloud
Google Kubernetes Engine
Apigee API Management
Migrate to Containers
Cloud Build
Observability
Cloud Service Mesh
Google Distributed Cloud
Industry Specific
Anti Money Laundering AI
Cloud Healthcare API
Device Connect for Fitbit
Telecom Network Automation
Telecom Data Fabric
Telecom Subscriber Insights
Spectrum Access System (SAS)
Integration Services
Application Integration
Workflows
Apigee API Management
Cloud Tasks
Cloud Scheduler
Dataproc
Cloud Data Fusion
Cloud Composer
Pub/Sub
Eventarc
Management Tools
Cloud Shell
Cloud console
Cloud Endpoints
Cloud IAM
Cloud APIs
Service Catalog
Cost Management
Observability
Carbon Footprint
Config Connector
Active Assist
See all management tools
Maps and Geospatial
Earth Engine
Google Maps Platform
Media Services
Cloud CDN
Live Stream API
OpenCue
Transcoder API
Video Stitcher API
Migration
Migration Center
Application Migration
Migrate to Virtual Machines
Cloud Foundation Toolkit
Database Migration Service
Migrate to Containers
BigQuery Data Transfer Service
Rapid Migration and Modernization Program
Transfer Appliance
Storage Transfer Service
VMware Engine
Mixed Reality
Immersive Stream for XR
Networking
Cloud Armor
Cloud CDN and Media CDN
Cloud DNS
Cloud Load Balancing
Cloud NAT
Cloud Connectivity
Network Connectivity Center
Network Intelligence Center
Network Service Tiers
Virtual Private Cloud
Private Service Connect
See all networking products
Operations
Cloud Logging
Cloud Monitoring
Error Reporting
Managed Service for Prometheus
Cloud Trace
Cloud Profiler
Cloud Quotas
Productivity and Collaboration
AppSheet
AppSheet Automation
Google Workspace
Google Workspace Essentials
Gemini for Workspace
Cloud Identity
Chrome Enterprise
Security and Identity
Cloud IAM
Sensitive Data Protection
Mandiant Managed Defense
Google Threat Intelligence
Security Command Center
Cloud Key Management
Mandiant Incident Response
Chrome Enterprise Premium
Assured Workloads
Google Security Operations
Mandiant Consulting
See all security and identity products
Serverless
Cloud Run
Cloud Functions
App Engine
Workflows
API Gateway
Storage
Cloud Storage
Block Storage
Filestore
Persistent Disk
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Local SSD
Storage Transfer Service
Parallelstore
Google Cloud NetApp Volumes
Backup and DR Service
Web3
Blockchain Node Engine
Blockchain RPC
Save money with our transparent approach to pricing
Request a quote
Pricing overview and tools
Google Cloud pricing
Pricing calculator
Google Cloud free tier
Cost optimization framework
Cost management tools
Product-specific Pricing
Compute Engine
Cloud SQL
Google Kubernetes Engine
Cloud Storage
BigQuery
See full price list with 100+ products
Learn & build
Google Cloud Free Program
Solution Generator
Quickstarts
Blog
Learning Hub
Google Cloud certification
Cloud computing basics
Cloud Architecture Center
Connect
Innovators
Developer Center
Events and webinars
Google Cloud Community
Consulting and Partners
Google Cloud Consulting
Google Cloud Marketplace
Google Cloud partners
Become a partner
Home
Back to Google Cloud Terms Directory
Current
Google Cloud Privacy
                      Notice
Effective Date: February 6, 2025
This Google Cloud Privacy Notice describes how we collect
                      and process your personal information in relation
                      to
Google Workspace (including Google Workspace for Education)
,
Google Cloud Platform
,
Google Cloud Marketplace
,
Cloud Identity
(when sold separately),
Implementation Services
and
Google Cloud Training
(together,
                      “Cloud Services”).
We offer Cloud Services to our customers either directly
                      or via our authorized partners. Where we refer to our
                      customers in this notice, we also mean our partners and
                      their customers.
If European Union (EU), UK or Swiss data protection law
                      applies to the processing of Service Data relating to you,
                      you can review the
                      ‘
European Privacy Standards and GDPR
’
                      section below to learn more about your rights and Google’s
                      compliance with these laws.
If your organization has entered into our
Google Workspace for Education Service Data Addendum
,
                      please review the
Supplemental Google Cloud Privacy Notice
together with this notice.
Google processes Customer Data, Partner Data and Service
                      Data to provide Cloud Services. This Privacy Notice
                      applies solely to Service Data and
does
                        not
apply to Customer Data or Partner Data. We
                      explain what we mean by “Service Data” below.
Customer Data and Partner Data are defined in the
                      agreement(s) with our customers covering Cloud Services
                      and represent the data that you and our customers provide
                      for processing in Cloud Services. For more information
                      about how we process Customer Data and Partner Data, see
                      our
Cloud Data Processing Addendum (Customers)
and
Cloud Data Processing Addendum (Partners)
.
Service Data is the personal information Google collects
                      or generates during the provision and administration of
                      the Cloud Services and related technical support,
                      excluding any Customer Data and Partner Data.
Service Data consists of:
Account information.
We collect the data you or
                        your organization provide when creating an account for
                        Cloud Services or entering into a contract with us
                        (username, names, contact details and job titles).
Cloud payments and
                          transactions.
We keep reasonable
                        business records of charges, payments, and billing
                        details and issues.
Cloud settings and configurations.
We
                        record your configuration and settings, including
                        resource identifiers and attributes, and service and
                        security settings for data and other resources.
Technical and operational details of your
                          usage of Cloud Services.
We collect
                        information about usage, operational status, software
                        errors and crash reports, authentication details,
                        quality and performance metrics, and other technical
                        details necessary for us to operate and maintain Cloud
                        Services and related software. This information includes
                        device identifiers, identifiers from cookies or tokens,
                        and IP addresses.
Your direct communications.
We keep
                        records of your communications and interactions with us
                        and our partners (for example, when you provide
                        feedback, ask questions or seek technical support).
Google processes Service Data for the following purposes:
Provide Cloud Services you request.
We use Service Data primarily to deliver the Cloud
                        Services that you and our customers request. This
                        includes processing Service Data as needed to conduct
                        checks before extending credit to certain customers, to
                        bill for the Cloud Services used, to ensure those
                        services are delivered or working as intended, to detect
                        and avoid outages or other technical problems, and to
                        secure your data and services.
Make recommendations to optimize use of Cloud
                          Services.
We use Service Data to provide you
                        and our customers with recommendations (for example,
                        suggesting ways to better secure your account or data,
                        reduce service charges or improve performance, or
                        optimize your configurations), and providing information
                        about new or related products and features. We also
                        evaluate your responses to our recommendations and other
                        feedback (if you choose to provide it).
Maintain and improve Cloud Services.
We evaluate Service Data to help us improve the
                        performance and functionality of Cloud Services. As we
                        improve Cloud Services for you, this will improve them
                        for our customers, and vice versa.
Provide and improve other services you
                          request.
We use Service Data to deliver and
                        improve other services that you and our customers
                        request, including Google or third-party services that
                        are enabled via the Cloud Services, administrative
                        consoles, application programming interfaces (APIs) or
                        command line interfaces (CLIs), or the Google
                        Workspace Marketplace.
Assist you.
We use Service Data to
                        provide technical support for Cloud Services that you
                        and our customers request, and to assess whether we have
                        met your needs. We also use Service Data to improve our
                        technical support, inform you and our customers about
                        updates to Cloud Services and send other notifications
                        relating to Cloud Services.
Protect you, our users,
customers,
the public, and Google.
We use Service Data
                        to detect, prevent and respond to fraud, abuse, security
                        risks, and technical issues that could harm you, other
                        users, our customers, the public, or Google. This
                        helps make our services safer, more reliable, and more
                        secure.
Comply with legal obligations.
We use
                        Service Data to comply with our legal obligations (for
                        example, where we’re responding to legal process or an
                        enforceable governmental request, or meeting our
                        financial record-keeping obligations).
To achieve these processing purposes, we use algorithms
                      to recognize patterns in Service Data, manual review of
                      Service Data (such as when you interact directly with our
                      billing or support teams), aggregation or anonymization of
                      Service Data to eliminate personal information, and
                      combination of Service Data with information from other
                      Google products and services. We also use Service Data for
                      internal reporting and analysis of applicable product and
                      business operations.
Please note, if your organization has entered into our
Google Workspace for Education Service Data Addendum
:
your organization will process Service Data collected
                        or generated from Google Workspace for Education, as a
                        controller, for purposes it is required to disclose to
                        you separately; and
Google’s processing purposes listed above will not
                        apply to you. The purposes that apply to you are
                        described in the
Supplemental Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
                        Please visit that link to learn more.
We maintain data centers around the world, and provide
                      Google Workspace (including Google Workspace for
                      Education) and Cloud Identity (when sold separately) from
these locations
,
                      and Google Cloud Platform from
these locations
.
Service Data may be processed on servers located outside
                      of the country where our users and customers are located
                      because Service Data is typically processed by centralized
                      or regionalized operations like billing, support, and
                      security.
Regardless of where Service Data is processed, we apply
                      the same protections described in this Privacy Notice.
                      When transferring Service Data outside of the European
                      Economic Area, the UK or Switzerland, we comply with
                      certain
legal frameworks
.
We build Cloud Services with strong security features to
                      protect your data. The insights we gain from providing our
                      services help us detect and automatically block security
                      threats from ever reaching you.
We work hard to protect the Service Data we hold from
                      unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure,
                      or destruction, including by:
Encrypting Service Data at rest and while in transit
                        between our facilities.
Regularly reviewing our Service Data collection,
                        storage, and processing practices, including our
                        physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized
                        access to our systems; and
Restricting access to Service Data to Google
                        employees, contractors, and agents who need it in order
                        to process Service Data for us. Anyone with this access
                        is subject to strict contractual confidentiality
                        obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they
                        fail to meet these obligations.
We instruct our affiliates to process Service Data for
                      the purposes listed under
                      "
Why We Process Service Data
"
                      above, in compliance with this Privacy Notice and
                      appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We do not share Service Data with companies,
                      organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in
                      the following cases:
When you procure third-party services
We share Service Data outside
                      of Google when you or our customer choose(s) to procure a
                      third-party service through Google Cloud Platform, the
                      Google Cloud Platform Marketplace or the Google Workspace
                      Marketplace, or use a third-party application that
                      requests access to your Service Data.
With your consent
We’ll share Service Data
                      outside of Google where we have obtained your consent.
With your administrators and authorized resellers
When you use Cloud Services,
                      your administrator and resellers authorized to manage your
                      or your organization’s account will have access to certain
                      Service Data. For example, they may be able to:
View account and billing information, activity and
                            statistics
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Access your account information in order to
                            satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process,
                            or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your
                            information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We do not sell your Service
                      Data to any third parties.
We share Service Data with
                      trusted third party providers to process it for us as we
                      instruct them and in compliance with this Privacy Notice
                      and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. In
                      particular, we share Service Data with our third party
                      providers when you request technical support services (we
                      share the information you provide in the support ticket,
                      and those providers may communicate with you or your
                      administrator in that ticket, including providing updates
                      and closing the ticket) and professional services (we
                      share your contact details to enable communication and
                      collaboration).
For legal reasons
We share Service Data outside
                      of Google when we have a good-faith belief that access to,
                      or disclosure that Service Data is reasonably necessary
                      to:
Comply with applicable law, regulation, legal
                            process, or enforceable governmental request. We
                            share information about the number and type of
                            requests we receive from governments in
                            our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable agreements, including
                            investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud,
                            security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or
                            safety of Google, our customers, users, and the
                            public as required or permitted by law.
If Google is involved in a
                      reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of assets,
                      we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of Service
                      Data and give affected users notice before Service Data
                      becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Your organization may allow you to access and export your
                      data in order to back it up or transfer it to a service
                      outside of Google. Some Google Cloud Services enable you
                      to directly access and download the data you have stored
                      in the services. As further described in our
Google Workspace Data Subject Requests Guide
,
                      you or your organization may use various tools to access,
                      control, and export your data.
You and your organization’s administrator can access
                      several types of Service Data directly from Google Cloud,
                      including your account information, billing contact
                      information, payment and transaction information, as well
                      as product and communication settings and configurations.
If you’re otherwise unable to access your Service Data,
                      you can always request it
here
.
We retain Service Data for different periods of time
                      depending on the type of data, how we use it, and how you
                      configure your settings. When we no longer need Service
                      Data, we delete or anonymize it.
For each type of Service Data and processing operation,
                      we set retention timeframes based on the purposes for
                      which we process it, and ensure that the Service Data is
                      kept for no longer than necessary. We retain most types of
                      Service Data for a set period of up to 180 days (the exact
                      number depends on the specific type of data). However,
                      some Service Data may be kept for longer periods where
                      there is a business need. We generally have longer
                      retention periods (which can be over a year) for Service
                      Data that is kept for the following purposes:
Security, fraud and abuse prevention.
We retain
                        Service Data when it is necessary to protect against
                        fraudulent attempts to gain access to user accounts, or
                        to investigate violations of applicable Cloud Services
                        agreements. Usually, the Service Data retained where
                        there is reason to suspect fraud or abuse would include
                        device identifiers, identifiers from cookies or tokens,
                        and IP addresses, as well as log data about usage of the
                        Cloud Services.
Complying with legal or regulatory requirements.
We
                        retain Service Data when required by an enforceable
                        legal process, such as when Google receives a lawful
                        subpoena.
Complying with tax, accounting or financial requirements.
When Google processes a payment for you, or when you
                        make a payment to Google, we retain Service Data about
                        those transactions (including billing information),
                        typically for a minimum of five years, as required for
                        tax or accounting purposes, or to comply with applicable
                        financial regulations.
At the end of the applicable retention period, we follow
                      detailed protocols to make sure that the Service Data is
                      securely and completely deleted from our active systems
                      (the servers Google uses to run applications and store
                      data) or retained only in anonymized form. After
                      completion of these steps, copies of Service Data will
                      remain for a limited period in our encrypted backup
                      systems (which we maintain to protect Service Data from
                      accidental or malicious deletion and for outage and
                      disaster recovery purposes), before being overwritten by
                      new backup copies.
Your Google Account is your connection to all Google
                      products and services, not just Cloud Services. When you
                      choose to use Google products and services outside of
                      Cloud Services,
                      the
Google Privacy Policy
describes how your personal information (including your
                      Google Account profile information) is collected and used.
                      You and your administrator can control which other Google
                      services you may use while logged into a Google Account
                      managed by your organization.
If you interact with Cloud Services using a Google
                      Account managed by your organization, then your personal
                      information may be subject to your organization’s privacy
                      policies and processes, and you should direct privacy
                      inquiries to your organization.
Exercising your data protection rights
If European Union (EU), UK or Swiss data protection law
                      applies to the processing of Service Data relating to you,
                      you have certain rights, including the rights to access,
                      correct, delete and export your Service Data, and to
                      object to or request that we restrict processing of your
                      Service Data.
Google Cloud EMEA Ltd will be the data controller
                      responsible for your Service Data. However, where our
                      customer has entered into an agreement covering Cloud
                      Services with a different Google affiliate, that affiliate
                      will be the data controller responsible for processing
                      your Service Data in connection with billing for the Cloud
                      Services only.
If you want to exercise your data protection rights with
                      regard to Service Data we process in accordance with this
                      Privacy Notice, and you are not able to do so via the
                      tools available to you or your organization’s
                      administrator, you can contact Google via our
Privacy Help Center
.
You can always contact your local data protection
                      authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under
                      local law.
Our grounds for processing your Service Data
When we process Service Data for the purposes described
                      in this Privacy Notice (see "Why We Process Service Data”
                      above), we rely on the following legal grounds:
Purpose
Types of Service Data Processed
Legal Grounds
Provide Cloud Services you request.
The following types of Service Data, as
                                necessary for the purpose:
Account information
Cloud payments and transactions
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
Where necessary for our
legitimate interests
in fulfilling the
                                contractual obligations which we owe to our
                                customer to provide the Cloud Services.
Make recommendations to optimize use of Cloud
                                Services.
The following types of Service Data, as
                                necessary for the purpose:
Account information
Cloud payments and transactions
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
When we’re pursuing
legitimate interests
in offering the best service we can, and
                                ensuring our customers know how to get the most
                                out of our services.
In some cases we will seek your
consent
to send you marketing
                                communications.
Maintain and improve Cloud Services.
The following types of Service Data, as
                                necessary for the purpose:
Account information
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
Where necessary for our
legitimate interests
in offering the best
                                Cloud Services we can, and continuing to improve
                                the Cloud Services to meet our customers’ needs.
Provide and improve other services you
                                request.
The following types of Service Data, as
                                necessary for the purpose:
Account information
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
Where necessary for our
legitimate interests
in fulfilling the
                                contractual obligations we owe to our customer
                                to provide the Cloud Services, and where
                                necessary for our
legitimate interests
in
                                offering the best services we can, and
                                continuing to improve the Cloud Services to meet
                                our customers’ needs.
Assist you.
The following types of Service Data, as
                                necessary for the purpose:
Account information
Cloud payments and transactions
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
Where necessary for our
legitimate interests
in fulfilling the
                                contractual obligations we owe to our customer
                                to provide the Cloud Services.
Protect you, our users, customers, the public,
                                and Google.
The following types of Service Data, as
                                necessary for the purpose:
Account information
Cloud payments and transactions
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
Where necessary for Google’s
legitimate interest
to protect against
                                harm to the rights, property and safety of
                                Google, and where necessary for Google’s and
                                third parties’
legitimate interests
to
                                protect against harm to our users, our customers
                                and the public, including criminal acts and
                                rights violations.
Comply with legal obligations.
Depending on the specific legal obligations,
                                the following types of Service Data:
Account information
Cloud payments and transactions
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
When we have a
legal obligation
to do
                                so. For example, where we’re responding to legal
                                process or an enforceable governmental request,
                                or retaining information relating to your
                                purchases and communications to meet our
                                record-keeping obligations.
More
If you are using Google Workspace subject to our
Google Workspace for Education Service Data Addendum
,
                      please review the
Supplemental Google Cloud Privacy Notice
for information about the legal grounds we rely on when
                      processing your Service Data collected or generated from
                      Google Workspace for Education.
Additional information (Switzerland)
If Swiss data protection law applies to the processing of
                      your Service Data, the following additional information is
                      relevant.
Please see the section titled ‘Where Service Data is
                      Stored’ (above) for information on where we and our
                      affiliates process Service Data. We also disclose your
                      Service Data to service providers, partners and other
                      recipients (see the section titled ‘How We Share Service
                      Data’) that are located or process information in any
                      country in the world.
We comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the
                      transfer of information as set out in our
Legal Frameworks for Data Transfers
page. We may also transfer your information to a third
                      country based on an exception provided for by the Swiss
                      Federal Data Protection Act.
An exception may apply in the event of legal proceedings
                      abroad, in cases of overriding public interest or if the
                      performance of a contract with you or in your interest
                      requires disclosure, if you have consented, if the
                      information has been made generally available by you and
                      you have not objected to the processing, or the disclosure
                      is necessary in order to protect the life or the physical
                      integrity of you or a third party and we can't get consent
                      within a reasonable period of time, or the information
                      originates from a register provided for by Swiss law which
                      is accessible to the public or to persons with a
                      legitimate interest, provided that the legal conditions
                      for the consultation of such register has been met in the
                      specific case.
If Brazilian data protection law applies to the
                      processing of Service Data, you have certain rights,
                      including the rights to access, correct, delete or export
                      your Service Data, as well as to object to or request that
                      we restrict processing of Service Data. You also have the
                      right to object to the processing of Service Data or to
                      export Service Data to another service.
For users based in Brazil, the data controller
                      responsible for Service Data we collect for Google
                      Workspace and Google Workspace for Education is Google
                      LLC, and the data controller responsible for Service Data
                      we collect for Google Cloud Platform is Cloud Brasil
                      Computação e Serviços de Dados Ltda. The Data Protection Officer is Kristie
                      Chon Flynn. If you want to
                      exercise your data protection rights with regard to
                      Service Data we process in accordance with this Privacy
                      Notice and are not able to do so via the tools available
                      to you or your organization’s administrator, you can
                      always contact Google via our
Privacy Help Center
.
                      And you can contact your data protection authority if you
                      have concerns regarding your rights under Brazilian law.
In addition to the purposes and grounds described in this
                      Privacy Notice, we may process Service Data on the
                      following legal grounds:
Where necessary for the performance of a
                          contract with you
We may process your information where necessary for
                          us to enter into a contract with you or to comply with
                          our contractual commitments to you.
When we’re complying with legal
                          obligations
We’ll process your information when we have a legal
                          obligation to do so.
When we’re pursuing legitimate
                          interests
We may process Service Data based on our legitimate
                          interests and those of third parties while applying
                          appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy. This
                          means that we process your information in the
                          interests of providing Cloud Services you request;
                          making recommendations to optimize use of Cloud
                          Services; maintaining and improving Cloud Services;
                          providing and improving other services you request;
                          assisting you; and protecting against harm to the
                          rights, property or safety of Google, our users, our
                          customers, and the public, as required or permitted by
                          law.
Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific
                      disclosures.
These laws may include:
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);
Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);
Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);
Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and
                        Online Monitoring (CTDPA);
Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA)
Florida Digital Bill of Rights (FDBR);
Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (TDPSA);
Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (OCPA); and
Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act (MTCDPA).
This Privacy Notice is designed to help you understand
                      how Google handles Service Data:
We explain the categories of Service Data Google
                          collects and the sources of that Service Data in
Service Data We Collect
.
We explain the purposes for which Google collects and
                          uses Service Data in
Why We Process Service Data
.
We explain when Google may disclose Service Data in
How We Share Service Data
.
                          Google does not sell your Service Data to any third
                          parties. Google also does not “share” your Service
                          Data as that term is defined in the California
                          Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
We explain how Google retains Service Data in
Retention and Deletion of Service Data
.
                          We maintain policies and technical measures to avoid
                          re-identifying that information.
U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request
                      information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses
                      Service Data. And they give you the right to access your
                      Service Data, sometimes in a portable format;
                      correct Service Data; and to request that Google delete
                      that Service Data. They also provide the right to not be
                      discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights.
We provide the information and tools described in
Access to Service Data
so you can exercise these rights. When you use them, we’ll
                      validate your request by verifying your identity (for
                      example, by confirming that you’re signed in to your
                      Google Account).
If you have questions or requests related to your rights
                      under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized
                      agent) can also
contact Google
.
                      And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you
                      can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our
                      email.
Some U.S. state privacy laws require a description of
                      Service Data practices using specific categories. This
                      table uses these categories to organize the information in
                      this Privacy Notice.
Categories of Service Data we
                                collect
Business purposes for which Service Data
                                may be used or disclosed
Parties with whom Service Data may be
                                used or disclosed
Identifiers
and similar information
such
                                as your username, name, phone number, address,
                                and job titles, as well as unique identifiers
                                tied to the browser, application, or device
                                you’re using.
Demographic information,
such
                                as your preferred language and age.
Commercial
                                  information
such as records of
                                charges, payments, and billing details and
                                issues.
Technical and operational details
of
                                your usage of Cloud Services, such as
                                information about your usage, operational
                                status, software errors and crash reports,
                                authentication details, quality and performance
                                metrics, and other technical details necessary
                                for us to operate and maintain Cloud Services
                                and related software. This includes device
                                identifiers, identifiers from cookies or tokens,
                                and IP addresses.
Approximate location data,
as may be
                                determined by IP address, depending in part on
                                your device and account settings.
Audio, electronic, visual and similar
                                  information,
such as audio
                                recordings of your calls with our technical
                                support providers.
Inferences
drawn from the
                                above, like aggregated performance metrics for a
                                new product feature to determine product
                                strategy.
Protecting against security threats,
                                  abuse, and illegal
                                  activity.
Google uses and may
                                disclose Service Data to detect, prevent and
                                respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and for
                                protecting against other malicious, deceptive,
                                fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to
                                protect our services, Google may receive or
                                disclose information about IP addresses that
                                malicious actors have compromised.
Auditing and measurement.
Google uses Service Data for analytics and
                                measurement to understand how our services are
                                used, and to provide you and our customers with
                                recommendations and tips. We may disclose
                                non-personally identifiable information publicly
                                and with partners, including for auditing
                                purposes.
Maintaining our services.
Google uses Service Data to provide Cloud
                                Services and related technical support, and
                                other services you request, and ensure they are
                                working as intended, such as tracking outages or
                                troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you
                                report to us.
Product development.
Google
                                uses Service Data to improve Cloud Services and
                                other services you request, and to develop new
                                products, features and technologies that benefit
                                our users and customers.
Use of service
                                  providers.
Google shares Service
                                Data with service providers to perform services
                                on our behalf, in compliance with this Privacy
                                Notice and other appropriate confidentiality and
                                security measures. For example, we may rely on
                                service providers to help provide technical
                                support.
Legal reasons.
Google
                                also uses Service Data to satisfy applicable
                                laws or regulations, and discloses information
                                in response to legal process or enforceable
                                government requests, including to law
                                enforcement. We provide information about the
                                number and type of requests we receive from
                                governments in
                                our
Transparency Report
.
We do not disclose Service Data with companies,
                                organizations, or individuals outside of Google
                                except in the following cases:
When you procure third-party services.
We disclose Service Data outside of Google when
                                you or our customers choose(s) to procure a
                                third-party service through Google Cloud
                                Platform, the Google Cloud Platform Marketplace
                                or the Google Workspace Marketplace, or use a
                                third-party application that requests access to
                                your Service Data.
With your consent. We’ll disclose Service Data
                                outside of Google when we have obtained your
                                consent.
With your administrators and authorized
                                  resellers.
When you use Cloud
                                Services, your administrator and resellers
                                authorized to manage your or your organization’s
                                account will have access to certain Service
                                Data.
For external processing.
We disclose
                                Service Data with trusted third party providers
                                to process it for us as we instruct them and in
                                compliance with this Privacy Notice and
                                appropriate confidentiality and security
                                measures. In particular, we disclose Service
                                Data with our third party providers when you
                                request technical support services (we use the
                                information you provide in the support ticket)
                                and professional services (we use your contact
                                details to enable communication and
                                collaboration).
For legal reasons.
We disclose Service
                                Data outside of Google when we have a good-faith
                                belief that access to disclosure of that Service
                                Data is reasonably necessary to:
Comply with applicable law, regulation,
                                    legal process, or enforceable governmental
                                    request. We share information about the
                                    number and type of requests we receive from
                                    governments in
                                    our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable agreements, including
                                    investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address
                                    fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights,
                                    property or safety of Google, our customers,
                                    users, and the public as required or
                                    permitted by law.
More
Data protection laws in certain countries in this region may, in some cases,
                      require Google to obtain your consent to collect and process your Service
                      Data. By accessing and using any of the Cloud Services, you agree that Google
                      may process your Service Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
                      In particular, you can find information about:
The categories of Service Data Google collects and the sources of that
                        Service Data in
Service Data We Collect.
The purposes for which Google collects and uses Service Data in
Why We Process Service Data.
When Google may disclose Service Data in
How We Share Service Data.
How you can access Service Data relating to you in
Access to Service Data.
How Google retains Service Data in
Retention and Deletion of Service Data.
If Korean data protection law applies to the processing
                      of your Service Data, we provide the following additional
                      information for users of Cloud Services residing in Korea.
Items of personal information collected.
When you
                      use our Cloud Services, the following Service Data is
                      collected: (i) data you provide when creating an account
                      for Cloud Services or entering into a contract with us
                      (credentials, names, contact details, job titles, date of
                      birth and gender), (ii) business records of charges,
                      payments, billing details and issues; credit card info and
                      connecting info (iii) configuration and settings,
                      including resource identifiers and attributes, and service
                      and security settings, (iv) usage, operational status,
                      software errors and crash reports, authentication
                      credentials, quality and performance metrics, and other
                      technical details, device identifiers, identifiers from
                      cookies or tokens, and IP addresses), (v) your
                      communications and interactions with us and our partners,
                      and feedback, each as further described
here
.
The personal information listed in (i) to (v) above may
                      be transmitted to our
data centers
located abroad through our network, as described in
                      Purposes of collection and use of personal information
                      below and stored for the retention period described in
                      Retention period and deletion of personal information
                      below. If you do not want your personal information to be
                      transferred overseas, you may refrain from using services
                      and not provide your personal information. However,
                      services may not be provided or may be limited. If you
                      have any questions about this, please see the Contact
                      Information below.
We may use cookies (small text files placed on the user's
                      device) and similar technologies for a variety of
                      purposes, including user preferences or settings,
                      authentication information, or analysis. Most web browsers
                      accept cookies automatically, but provide controls that
                      allow you to block or delete cookies.
Purpose of collection and use of personal information.
Google collects and uses Service Data (i) to provide Cloud
                      Services you request, (ii) to make recommendations to
                      optimize use of Cloud Services, (iii) to maintain and
                      improve Cloud Services, (iv) to provide and improve other
                      services you request (v) to assist you, (vi) to protect
                      you, our users, customers, the public and Google, and
                      (vii) to comply with legal obligations, each as further
                      described
here
.
Retention period
and deletion
of
personal information.
We retain Service Data only for as long
                      as necessary to fulfill the purposes of collection and use described above.
                      For each type of data and operation, we set retention timeframes based on the
                      purpose for its collection, and ensure it is kept for no
                      longer than necessary.
If the retention period expires or you request deletion,
                      Google will faithfully endeavor to delete or anonymize such Service
                      Data unless there is a legal obligation that requires
                      processing or another lawful basis for retaining the
                      Service Data. When we receive a request to delete Service
                      Data, the retention period of the archive copy expires,
                      and then Google's archiving system has a mechanism to
                      overwrite the expired data.
We retain most types of Service Data for a set period of
                      up to 180 days (the exact number depends on the specific
                      type of data). However, we generally have longer
                      retention periods (which can be over a year) for Service
                      Data that is kept for (i) Security, fraud and abuse
                      prevention, (ii) complying with legal or regulatory
                      requirements including the Communications Secrets
                      Protection Act. We also have retention periods of a
                      minimum of five years for Service Data about payments and
                      billing information for complying with tax,
                      accounting or financial requirements, each as further
                      described
here
.
Consignment of personal information processing.
We
                      provide information to affiliates (listed
here
for Google Cloud Platform, and
here
for Google Workspace and Google Workspace for Education),
                      partners and other trusted businesses or persons to
                      process it for us, based on our instructions and in
                      compliance with this Privacy Notice and other appropriate
                      confidentiality and security measures.
Google has contracts with the third-party service
                      providers listed below to provide Cloud Services to Korean
                      residents. The contracts impose obligations on those
                      companies to prohibit the processing of Service Data other
                      than for the purposes we specify, to return or destroy
                      Service Data after the end of processing, and to implement
                      processes to ensure those companies comply with these
                      obligations.
Third-party vendor
(country of registration, contact
                                  information)
Role
Period, method of process/access, and items to
                              be processed/accessed
EPAM Systems Japan G.K.(Japan,
                                privacy@epam.com
)
Webhelp Malaysia Sdn. Bhd(Malaysia,
                                privacy@my.webhelp.com)
Infosys Limited.(Japan, privacy@infosys.com)
Customer Support for Cloud Services
In order for Google to provide Cloud Services
                                to Korean residents, these companies can process
                                the items of personal information collected
                                above remotely (excluding connecting info) from abroad during the
                                retention period described above depending on their roles
                                of customer support by accessing the personal
                                information from time to time via
                                telecommunication network.
If you do not want your personal information to
                                be transferred overseas, you may refrain from
                                using services and not provide your personal
                                information. However, Services may not be
                                provided or may be limited. If you have any
                                questions about this, please see the Contact
                                Information below.
Toss Payments Co., Ltd. (Korean Company)
Payment and notification services
Korea Mobile Certification Inc
(Korean Company)
Identity verification service
D-Agent (Korean company)
Local representative for user's privacy
                              inquiries
More
Legal minors.
Our basic policy for
                      Google Cloud Platform is not to collect personal
                      information of Korean residents under the age of 14. If
                      you are Korean residents under the age of 14, you may use
                      certain Cloud Services only with the consent of a parent
                      or legal representative.
Safety measures for personal information
. Google
                      takes the administrative, technical and physical measures
                      described in the "How We Secure Service Data" section
                      above to ensure the safety of Service Data.
Contact Information.
If you have any
                      questions about the Google Cloud Privacy Notice or privacy
                      practices, including how to exercise rights such as access to personal
                      information, correction/deletion, processing suspension, and withdrawal of
                      consent, please contact our Google privacy team (Email:
googlekrsupport@google.com
).
If you want to exercise your data protection rights with
                      regard to Service Data we process in accordance with this
                      Privacy Notice and are not able to do so via the tools
                      available to you or your organization’s administrator, you
                      can always contact Google via our
Privacy Help Center
.
                      And you can contact your local data protection authority
                      (
for instance,
Personal Information Infringement Report Center
)
                      if you have concerns regarding your rights under Korean
                      privacy law.
For local representatives under Personal Information
                      Protection Act and the Act on Promotion of Information and
                      Communication Network Utilization and Information
                      Protection, please see below:
Name and Representative: D-Agent Co., Ltd. (CEO
                        Byung-gun An)
Address and Contact Information: #1116, Platinum
                        Building, Gwanghwamun 28, Saemunan-ro 5-ga-gil,
                        Jongno-gu, Seoul, 02-737-0346, google_da_kr@dagent.co.kr
If Japanese data protection law (the Act on the
                      Protection of Personal Information, “APPI”) applies to the
                      processing of your Service Data, we provide the following
                      additional information for users of Cloud Services
                      residing in Japan.
Controller of Service Data.
Any Service Data
                      provided to or gathered by Google is controlled primarily
                      by Google LLC, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
                      Mountain View, CA 94043 United States, representative is
                      Sundar Pichai, CEO.
Purpose of collection and use of personal information.
Google collects and uses Services Data for the purposes
                      set out
here
and
here
.
Measures undertaken to protect retained personal information.
Establishment of general policy
Google establishes and publishes this
Privacy Notice
outlining our general policy relating to Service Data.
Establishment of internal policy relating to handling of personal data
Google establishes internal policies about handling
                      measures and persons in charge and their responsibility
                      etc. with regard to the acquisition, utilization, records,
                      provision, deletion etc. of personal data.
Internal organization as security control action
Google has large security and privacy teams responsible
                      for developing, implementing, and reviewing internal
                      personal data handling processes. Google employees are
                      trained to report suspected incidents involving personal
                      data, which may be done through various channels such as
                      through dedicated email addresses or digital platforms. A
                      dedicated team assesses reported incidents, and as
                      appropriate a coordinated team is assigned to manage the
                      overall incident, including liaising with Legal and the
                      product team as part of the investigation and response.
                      The team on-call for an incident is assigned on a daily
                      rotation. Incident responses may follow either a standard
                      or an expedited route, depending on the severity and
                      priority assigned to the incident.
Personnel measures as security control action
Google conducts periodical training for its employees
                      about matters to consider when handling personal data.
Physical measures as security control action
Google takes measures to prevent unauthorized persons
                      from accessing personal data in any situation and to
                      prevent theft or loss of devices and electronic media for
                      handling personal data.
Technical measures as security control action
Please see
here
and
here
for further information on the security measures
                      undertaken to secure, retain and delete Service
                      Data
Research of external environment
Data protection laws vary among countries, with some
                      providing more protection than others. Google has
                      established a personal information protection system to
                      ensure your information is accorded protections equivalent
                      to APPI, as described in the
Privacy Notice
.
                      Regardless of where your information is processed, Google
                      applies the same personal information protection
                      measures globally. We also comply with certain legal
                      frameworks relating to the transfer of data, such as the
                      European frameworks. For more detail, please see
Data transfer frameworks
.
                      Further, with regard to the location of our data centers
                      storing Service Data, please see
here
.
                      There may be cases where Google entrusts the processing of
                      information to subprocessors or its subsidiaries or
                      affiliates. With regard to the location of Google’s
                      offices including subsidiaries and affiliates, please see
Google’s Office Locations
.
                      With regard to the location of subprocessors, please see
here
.
Contact information.
For any inquiries or
                      requests about your Service Data related rights under
                      applicable law, please email
appi-inquiries-external@google.com
.
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. We
                      will not make any significant changes without notifying
                      you in advance by posting a prominent notice on this page
                      describing the changes or by sending you a direct
                      communication. We encourage you to regularly review this
                      Privacy Notice, and we will always indicate the date the
                      last changes were published.
Previous versions
(Last modified February 6, 2025)
July 10, 2024
January 18, 2024
January 18, 2024
August 21, 2023
June 30, 2023
January 25, 2023
December 14, 2022
November 15, 2022
April 20, 2022
December 7, 2021
May 30, 2021
December 7, 2020
November 12, 2020
Sub-policy 3
https://www.wallet.volkswagenpayments.com/documents/file_data_privacy_customer_de-de.pdf:
