Privacy
About
Fiorry is operated by Paradiz Social LTD, a company registered in England at Berkeley Square House, Berkeley Square, 2nd Floor, London, United Kingdom, W1J 6BD and company number 11789389.
Processing information
Fiorry is a meeting place for adults, and we provide that service by operating a social network site offering users the opportunity to connect to our global community of users. By joining Fiorry, you enter a legal agreement with us and we process your data in order to provide your service under the terms of that agreement. You can only become a member of Fiorry or use its features if you’re aged 18 or over or the age of majority in the country in which you reside if that happens to be greater than 18. Fiorry does not knowingly collect any information about or market to children, minors or anyone under the age of majority. If we become aware that a child, minor or anyone under the age of 18 has registered with us and provided us with personal data, we will take steps to terminate that person’s registration and delete their Profile information from Fiorry and any messaging history. To join the Fiorry network you will have to complete our online registration form, where we may ask you to provide us with information about you such as your name, your email address, your gender and orientation identity, your date of birth, your location details. You also have the opportunity to provide other details about yourself, but these are optional. Because you control your user Profile, these details are available to you at any time by accessing your Profile page, which gives you the chance to correct or update your information at any time by just logging in to Fiorry. If you register using Facebook or Apple ID, you may not be able to edit your email address, login and password. Please be careful about posting sensitive details about yourself on your Profile such as your religious denomination and health details. While you may voluntarily provide this information to us when you create your Profile, including your sexual preferences and ethnic background, there is no requirement to do so. Please remember that photographs that you post on Fiorry may reveal these kinds of sensitive personal data. Where you do upload and choose to tell us sensitive data about yourself, you are explicitly consenting to our processing your information and making this public to other users. To prevent abuse of the app/site, Fiorry can make decisions to block accounts as part of its anti-spam procedures. In order to do this, our systems check accounts and messages for content that indicates breaches of our Terms and Conditions of Use. If an account or message meets certain criteria that demonstrate that the Terms and Conditions of Use are likely to have been breached, the relevant account will be blocked. Finally, we want to keep in touch with you to make sure you know about the great promotions, news and offers we have available. If you’ve told us it’s OK, we will use your email address and phone number to send you information on these. You can withdraw this consent at any time via Settings in the app.
Data that Fiorry uses
We are only permitted to use your data when we have a lawful basis to do so. The paragraphs below provide an overview of the legal bases that Fiorry relies on to use your data. Where the legal basis is consent, you can withdraw consent at any time. Where the legal basis is legitimate interests, you have a right to object to our use of your data. We use display name, email address, date of birth and location based on contractual necessity and to provide you with Fiorry social networking service. We use optional information that you choose to provide in your Profile, which may include information about your sexual preferences, photos, health status and other based on your consent and for facilitating networking opportunities in Fiorry app. We use your location information in order to be able to link you with people nearby or in specific cities. We collect this information based on our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interest is to provide this functionality as part of the services. We use your email address in order to send you marketing information and news as well as to contact you in order to run surveys for research purposes and obtain feedback. We’re collecting email addresses based on our legitimate interests such as promoting our products and services, carrying out research for further improvements of our product and other. If you log in to or access Fiorry through your Facebook, Google or Apple ID accounts, we may collect data including your email address, name and profile picture, date of birth and location in order to create and update your Fiorry Profile as well as verify that you are over 18 years old. We collect this information based on our legitimate interests to secure our app from underaged users and to facilitate dating process on our site. If you sign up using your phone number, we will send a verification pin code as a text message to your phone number in order for you to prove that this is your phone number and it exists. We work with Twilio service to send authorisation text messages on our behalf. Our app may also access your text messages in order to read and copy verification pin code and to autofill it into our verification field in order to save your time. We use log and usage data, including IP address, browser type, referring domain, pages accessed, mobile carrier and search terms in order to carry out analysis to help us improve the app. We collect this information based on our legitimate interests to analyze the way in which users are accessing and using our services so that we can further develop the app and improve the service. We use email address, IP address and IP session information, social network ID, login, display name, user agent string in order to block accounts as part of our moderation procedures. We collect this data based on our legitimate interests to prevent unauthorised behaviour and to maintain the safety and security of our services. If you contact our Support team, we will receive your email address, and may track your IP address as well as the information you send us to help resolve your query. We will keep records of our communications with you, including any complaints that we receive from you about other users (and from other users about you).
Location data
Fiorry discovery section offers you the opportunity to find other users nearby or in any specific city. In order to make this possible, we will collect information about WiFi access points as well as other location information about your longitude and latitude when you use your mobile application. That information helps us identify your physical location.If you have enabled location services, but wish to turn them off, you can do so by the following methods:
1. iPhone app — settings, privacy, location services, Fiorry
2. Android — settings, location, Fiorry, permissions, location
Data storage duration
We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes (as set out above) and as permitted by applicable law. In practice, we delete or anonymise your information upon deletion of your account (following the safety retention window).
Sharing information with third parties
We share your data with the following categories of third-parties:
1. Information technology companies (hardware and software) which provide services to support our products
2. Automatic photo moderation providers to protect the service from nude photos
3. Moderators to monitor activity on the site/apps and approve content
4. Law enforcement agencies, where we are required to by law or to protect the vital interests of a person
We ensure these parties must adhere to strict data protection and confidentiality provisions that are consistent with this Policy. In the event that Fiorry or any of its affiliates undergoes a business transition or change of ownership, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, re-organisation, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or in the event of insolvency or administration, we may be required to disclose your personal data.
Protecting personal data
Fiorry has implemented appropriate security measures to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control, including your personal data. Our technical experts at Fiorry work hard to ensure your secure use of our site. While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our website, member database and records, no website or internet transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal data safe (including your password) and to log out of your account after use. If you lose your password or give it out, or another service provider that you use suffers a data breach and you have used the same credentials with that service provider as you have with Fiorry, your personal data may be compromised. If that happens, please report it to Support via Settings in the app.
Location of data
We operate a global network of servers including the US and EU states. The hardware is located in third-party data centres. We ensure that the data is adequately protected by ensuring that valid, legal mechanisms are in place such as: EU approved model clauses, US privacy shield certification; and implementing robust contractual standards.
Deletion of data
All users have the ability to delete their accounts together with any personalised information on the Fiorry platform through the interface. To do this, users need to go to ‘Settings’, then click on the ‘Suspend account’ section, then click on the ‘Delete my account’ button and follow a simple procedure. Alternatively, any user can request deletion of data by sending an email to support@fiorry.co. User’s account with any data will be deleted upon email request in case the account on the platform is associated with this email address.