Who we are
Welcome to FlashBeats, (collectively, the ”App”), owned by Kirihetov Roman and Aleksandr Yuryev (“Kirihetov&Yuryev” or “we” or “us” or “our”). This Privacy Policy describes our collection, use and disclosure of information on the App.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, such as your name. Our systems may associate this personal information with your activities in the course of providing service to you.
Location
To customize our service for you, we may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your device. This location data is used only to provide and improve our service. We may obtain your consent on your first use of the service.
Sharing
We do not share personally identifiable information (such as name) with other companies for marketing purposes.
Information Regarding Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your personal information.
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy, depends on the information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. We may process your personal information because:
We need to perform a contract with you, such as when you create a Policy with us
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the personal information we have on you
The right of rectification
The right to object
The right of restriction
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Security
We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access or disclosure. This includes utilizing Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the personal information you input. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error. Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
Service Providers
We employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our App (“Service Providers”), to provide our App on our behalf, to perform App services or to assist us in analyzing how our App is used. These third-parties have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports app traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our App. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the App available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Payments processors
We provide paid products and/or services on our App. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council.
Disclosure Of Your Personal Information
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances:
with your express consent,
when we have a good faith belief it is required by law,
when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or
to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
Deletion
We remove personally identifiable information (such as your name) and other preferences associated with your account promptly after your request to support@flashbeats.app. We may retain other data indefinitely.
More
This privacy policy was last updated on April 01, 2019. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website or application. If the change materially affects registered users, we will send a notice to you by email.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us: support@flashbeats.app