Metro Sydney
Privacy Policy
Last modified: June 25, 2019
TL;DR
Metro Sydney is owned, operated, and maintained by Jerrycan Co Pty Ltd (“us”). Jerrycan Co respects your right to privacy and shares your concern about the security of any data you may submit via our mobile application (“Metro Sydney”, or the “app”) or through its web site (the “site”), currently accessible at jerrycan.co
Your privacy is critically important to us. We have a few fundamental principles:
-We don’t ask you for personal information.
-We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
-We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
The following statement discloses the guidelines Jerrycan Co has established for protecting the information you provide to us during your visit to the site and while using the app.
Basics
This app is offered as a Freemium app. This Service is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
Don't misuse our Service. For example, don't interfere with our Service or try to access it using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may use our Service only as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations. We may suspend or stop providing our Service to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Non-identifying Personal Information that we collect is used for improving the Service only. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Location Data
Metro Sydney includes third-party analytics, such as Firebase, which record the country the user’s device is located in. Country-specific usage data is used to best direct our resources to improving the app, and is not attributable to any individual user or any aspect of their identity. We don’t collect or store high-quality location data - we won’t know your location any closer than the nearest city. More importantly, we don’t want to know any more than that.
Aggregated Statistics
We may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to our website and users of the app. For example, we may aggregate anonymous data to publish a report on trends in the usage of Metro Sydney. An example trend might be that we find most users are accessing the app between 7am and 9am on a work day, and hence we should focus on delivering the best possible app performance during that time.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Jerrycan Co collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use the site.
Email Communications
We don’t generally send emails to you. Any user-initiated service-related emails (help requests, feedback, etc.) generally do not offer an option to unsubscribe as they are necessary to provide the service you requested.
Other Communications
If you submit a Serendipity message through the app, it will initially be stored and vetted for language and decency before appearing in the app. It shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such unsolicited information to others without limitation or attribution. Once it has been promulgated on the app, it may be retained or displayed for marketing purposes. We do not collect any personally identifiable information other than a user-chosen display name, as this service is designed to be anonymous.
Data Security
Metro Sydney uses industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of personal and location information during transmissions to our servers. We restrict access to what little data we have to our employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve the app. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline if they fail to meet those obligations.
HealthKit
Metro Sydney does not use or record any HealthKit data.
Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13 and do not target our websites to children under 13. If you are under thirteen, please do not submit any data through the app or site. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children to never provide personal data through any of our apps or sites without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal data to us, please contact us, and we will endeavour to delete that information from our servers.
Exclusions
This privacy policy does not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us, such as feature requests and feedback sent via our support channels. All unsolicited information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such unsolicited information to others without limitation or attribution.
Disclaimer
While we continue to work hard to protect your data, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Jerrycan Co. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
Privacy Policy Changes
If Jerrycan Co makes changes to any terms or conditions of this privacy policy, these changes will be posted on the site or app in a timely manner. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. In case of a business transaction in which a portion or all of Jerrycan Co’s business is acquired, we will notify you as described above in this paragraph.
Contact Us
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this policy or our information practices, please feel free to contact us at any time at info@jerrycan.co
Last updated Jun 25, 2019