wylde society
wylde flowers
about us
jobs
wylde society
wylde flowers
about us
jobs
Privacy Policy
Studio Drydock Pty Ltd Privacy Policy — Wylde Flowers
At Studio Drydock Pty Ltd (Australian Business Number: 22 631 496 136) (defined here as ‘We’, ‘Us’ or ‘Our’), We value your comments, suggestions and feedback.
Our Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use and disclose “personal information” and other “non-personal information” we may have gathered about you about you in relation to our game “Wylde Flowers” (“Game”).
This policy will let you know:
What information (often referred to as ‘data’) is collected from you by Us;
How your information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
How you can access, update, or delete your information. We will comply with all relevant and applicable legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document.
How do we use the data we collect?
No matter how we come to collect your data, we will always treat it in accordance with this document, and any applicable legislation.
Children’s Privacy
We do not collect children’s data specifically, however children may play our Game. We limit our data collection and only use persistent identifiers to support the internal operations of the game, and always in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.
If you are a parent, you can decline to have data collected from your child by turning off iCloud for our game and signing your child out of Game Center. Information on how to do this is in the paragraph named “Apple Inc.” below.
What kinds of data are there, and what do we collect?
Data collected can be personal to you or non-personal, and sometimes data that doesn’t appear to be personal can become personal if certain other facts are learned.
Data can be collected in three ways.
Data collected automatically;
Data you provide us; and
Data collected by our partners The basis for collecting this data is “legitimate interest” under GDPR (Global Data Protection Regulation) and “to support internal operations of the game” under COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act). Any data collected is done solely for internal uses that are reasonably and directly related to your relationship with US, in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Data collected automatically
Certain data is collected automatically. This includes:
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, and language;
Data about your use of the Service, by which we mean gameplay data that we us for data saving/loading game files.
Apple Inc.
Data is shared with Apple Inc. To enable some sync features between all devices signed into your Apple ID, and this data is limited to Game Center achievements and iCloud save games.
You may decline to store data in iCloud or to send data to Game Center. To turn off iCloud data storage, you must turn off iCloud in Apple Settings for our game. As a result, you will only be able to play in single player offline mode. To stop sending data to Game Center, you must sign out of Game Center in Apple Settings. As a result, you will not appear on leaderboards.
Data you provide us
We will keep your contact details if you contact us directly for any reason.
Data we collect from our third-party partners.
We do not have any third-party partners that collect data. What is Personal Information?
‘Personal Information’ is information that identifies you as an individual. This is only collected by us if you submit it to us directly.
Player Feedback
If you contact us with a comment or query, We keep a copy of any personal information you provide. This is so that we can respond to your comments and questions as a part of our commitment to providing you with player support. If you contact us directly for any reason, we also keep a copy of that correspondence.
What about Sensitive Information?
Sensitive information includes information about such things as an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional body, criminal records or health information.
We will not attempt to obtain or record any sensitive information.
Third Party Service Providers
We do not utilise any third-party partners that collect data.
Access to your data, and permanent deletion of your data
We will retain your data only as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
No matter how we encounter your data, you have the right to access the data We hold about you and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions.
Data Subject Requests
In the event that you send a data subject request to Us, We will respond to that request in accordance with any applicable legislation.
If you wish to know what data we hold about you, if any, please make out your request to us in writing at the address listed below. Please be aware that in order to protect the information in Our database, We will require identification from you before releasing any information.
Disclosure, and Security of Your Information
We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law.
Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at http:// /privacy. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.
Complaints
You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our Privacy Policy at the address below.
Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
info@studiodrydock.com
Privacy policy last updated 21 September 2021. Studio Drydock Pty Ltd © 2021
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://studiodrydock.com/privacy.html:
wylde society
wylde flowers
about us
jobs
wylde society
wylde flowers
about us
jobs
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy outlines the ways in which Studio Drydock Pty Ltd games collect, transmit, store, use and dispose of data obtained during gameplay, and when browsing this web site.
Last updated 28 July 2020.
Support Tickets
Our games include a feature to request support from our team, and to provide feedback. This is opt-in from the settings menu. If you request support, we include information on your gameplay session along with your support request. This information may include:
The make and model of your device, its graphics capabilities, and operating system version.
A randomly-generated unique identifier (UUID) that identifies your savegame.
Your most recent savegame.
Your most recent game log.
Your support session is identified by a random identifier generated at the time of the support request, and is not linked to your identity or any account.
The data collected for support requests is stored securely on our server and is only accessible to authorised employees for use with assisting you in your support query. Data collected from support tickets is automatically deleted after 90 days.
Unity
Our games are made with the
Unity
game development platform. This platform collects and transmits data to Unity Technologies. For details on this, please see the
Unity Privacy Policy
.
Web Site
We do not collect any personal information when you browse
studiodrydock.com
. We do not serve cookies.
The server stores logs to support the technical and operations needs of the web server. These logs may include potentially-identifying information such as your web browser version and IP address. Only authorised technical employees may access these logs, and they are automatically deleted after 7 days.
Server logs are stored and analysed on
Datadog
(
Privacy Policy
).
Contact Us
Please reach out to us if you have any concerns at
info@studiodrydock.com
.