Effective Date: January 25, 2022
Last updated: March 3, 2025
This Privacy Policy explains how Skyship Entertainment Company Inc. collects and uses information from people who use our Services or engage with us (a “user” or “users”).
The word “Services” in this Privacy Policy means our websites (located at supersimple.com, skyship.tv and songpals.com) (the “Sites”) and our Super Simple mobile application (the “App”).
Skyship Entertainment Company Inc. is also referred to as “Skyship,” “we,” “us,” and “our” in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect, use, disclose and store about users:
On our Services.
In email, text and other electronic messages between users and us.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OUR POLICIES AND PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE SITE.
CHILDREN
Some of our Services are attractive to or intended for use by children under the age of 13, while other Services or portions of our Services are intended for use by persons over the age of 13. When we collect information on our Services, or sections of our services that are child-directed, we do so following the principles of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
In general, we do not ask persons under the age of 13 to provide us with personally identifying information like a name, email address, telephone number, birthdate, or address.
We may ask persons aged 13 and older to provide personally identifying to use certain aspects of our Services, such as signing up for our newsletter, using our contact form, making a purchase in our shop or subscribing to our mobile application. Areas of our Services that ask for such personally identifying information have an age gate intended to prevent children under the age of 13 from accessing them.
We understand the importance of providing greater privacy protections when it comes to children. Skyship does not knowingly collect or use personally identifying information from users under the age of 13, except where permitted by COPPA.
If Skyship learns that we have, without our knowledge, collected personally identifying information from a user under the age of 13, we will notify the child’s parent if possible and/or delete all information relating to that child and cease to collect any more personal information from that child.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Information That Is Collected Automatically.
When our Services are used we may collect some information automatically. This helps us analyze and optimize the performance of our Services. We do not use this information to personally identify users. Information we collect automatically includes information such as user device properties, IP address, Media Access Control (“MAC”) address and unique device identifier or other device identifier (“UDID”); user device software platform and firmware; user’s mobile phone carrier; user’s internet service provider; the search terms used on our website; specific web pages users visit; the duration of use of our website; geographical data; statistical or aggregated information;  and, other non-personally identifying information as is reasonably required to enhance our Services.
This information may be collected from all users of the Services, including children under the age of 13.
Information That We May Ask For.
To use some parts of our Services we request users to provide certain information. For example:
When a user contacts customer support, we ask for the user’s name and email address.
When a user subscribes to our newsletter, we ask for the user’s name, email address, birthdate, and country of residence.
When a user enters one of our online contests, we may ask for the user’s name, email address, and birthdate.
When a user registers for a Super Simple account, we ask for the user’s name, address, email address, account password and billing address.
When making a purchase from our online shop, we receive a user’s name and billing address.
Skyship does not collect payment information, such as a credit card number. All orders, subscriptions, purchases, and transactions for the sale of goods or services made available over the supersimple.com are processed by our third-party service providers Shopify and Cleeng, which have their own terms of service and privacy policies for which Skyship is not responsible. We strongly recommend that users review any applicable third-party policies before making purchases through our Services.
THIRD PARTIES THAT MAY HAVE ACCESS TO USER INFORMATION
We work with third parties to help us make our Services operate smoothly, to help us communicate with users of our Services, to help us process and fulfill ecommerce orders, and to improve user experience. These third parties are contractually obligated to keep personal information confidential, to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them and only as is reasonably necessary to provide their services. Here are some of the third parties we work with:
Amplitude:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Cleeng (subscriber management system), when you subscribe for a membership to our mobile application through supersimple.com. Here is information about Cleeng’s Privacy Policy:
https://cleeng.com/privacy-policy
.
Cloudflare (website performance and security), to optimize the performance and security of our websites. Here is information about Cloudflare’s privacy and security policies:
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/
.
Emma (email marketing), when you subscribe to our newsletter. Here is information about Emma’s data security safeguards:
https://myemma.com/legal/privacy-notice/
.
Google Analytics (website analytics service), to analyze and optimize the performance of the Sites. Here is information about Google Analytics’ data security safeguards:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
.
Here is  information on how to opt out of Google Analytics or to manage your Google Analytics settings:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
Google Workspace (email service), when you contact customer support. Here is information about Google Workplace’s data security safeguards:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en_ca
.
Help Scout (customer service software), when you contact customer support. Here is information about HelpScout’s data security safeguards:
https://www.helpscout.com/company/legal/privacy/
.
Shopify (ecommerce platform), when you make a purchase from our online shop. Here is information about Shopify’s Privacy Policy:
https://www.shopify.com/ca/legal/privacy
.
Singular:
https://www.singular.net/privacy-policy/
Vimeo:
https://vimeo.com/privacy
WunderBox (app backend) provides the backend platform used for scheduling and releasing our content to the app. Here is information about WunderBox’s privacy policy:
https://www.wunderbox.tv/privacy-policy
.
HOW WE USE USERS’ INFORMATION
We may collect, maintain, and use a user’s information for the following purposes:
To respond to customer support inquiries.
To send out newsletters.
To contact prize winners of competitions.
For system administration purposes and for internal operations (including troubleshooting, data analysis, and testing) to ensure the Services operate properly.
To analyze use of the Services to improve the user experience and to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for user devices.
To ensure that our Services are safe and secure.
To notify users of any changes to the Services.
For geo-based redirection.
To manage subscriptions to our mobile application.
To fulfill purchases.
For age screening purposes.
WHEN DO WE SHARE USER INFORMATION?
We may disclose aggregated data about our users without restriction. Aggregated data does not directly identify a specific person, but we may derive non-personal statistical or aggregated data from personal information. For example, we may aggregate personal information to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific feature of the Services.
We may disclose personal information that we collect as described in this Privacy Policy:
To our service providers.
We share information with unaffiliated companies or individuals we hire or work with that perform services on our behalf, including customer support, payment processors, or others who assist us in fulfilling orders or transactions, web hosting, information technology, and analytics services. Our service providers will be given access to your information only as is reasonably necessary to provide the services for which they are contracted.
For legal and safety reasons.
We may disclose personal information if required by law or in the event that we need to share information with a third party in order to protect user safety and security or the safety and security of Skyship and its employees.
In the event of a corporate change.
We may disclose user information to third parties in connection with a corporate change, including any due diligence process, but such disclosure will be subject to this Privacy Policy continuing to govern treatment of personal information.
With consent.
Other than as described in the Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your personal information to any third party unless we have received your consent.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING USER INFORMATION
We will only process user information where we have a legal basis to do so. The legal basis will depend on the purposes for which we have collected and use the information. In almost every case the legal basis will be one of the following:
Consent: for example, where the user has provided consent to be contacted by us. The user can withdraw consent at any time, including by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email we send.
Our legitimate business interests: so we can learn to make our Services better, provide the Services, improve user experience, and keep users safe.
If required by law: Where we are subject to a legal obligation and need to use user information in order to comply with that obligation.
COOKIES
Note: The App does NOT use cookies. The information in this section applies only to users of the Sites.
Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user’s computer or device by websites they visit. Cookies are used in order to make websites function and to improve their efficiency, as well as to provide website usage information to the website owner.
Our Sites uses cookies from third parties to distinguish you from other users, maximize network resources, manage traffic, protect our websites from malicious traffic, and to give users the ability to purchase from our online store. This helps us to provide users with a good experience when browsing our website and also allows us to improve our site.
Users can disable some or all cookies by configuring their browser’s privacy settings (please refer to your browser’s help function to learn more about cookie controls). Note that disabling all cookies may cause some aspects of our Sites not to function properly.
To learn more about automatic data collection practices and your ability to opt-out of having your data tracked automatically please visit the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Tool
.
LOG FILES
As with most websites and services delivered via the internet, when users visit our Sites, we gather certain information and store it in log files. This information may include but is not limited to IP addresses, system configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and locale and language preferences. We use this information to provide support for the internal operations of our Sites. We do not use this information to identify or create a profile about our users.
SECURITY
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the information that we hold about users and regularly review our security measures to consider new technologies and methods to safeguard user data. Please note that no transmission over the internet can ever be guaranteed secure and we consequently cannot guarantee the security of any personal information that we receive over the internet.
WHERE WE STORE USER INFORMATION
Skyship has users around the world. Information collected through our Services may be stored and processed in Canada, the United States, or any other country in which we or our service providers maintain facilities. We or our service providers may transfer information across borders and from a user’s country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions which have varying data protection laws, some of which provide more protection than others. Where a user’s information is transferred internationally it will be protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the requirements of applicable privacy laws. We have taken measures to ensure that our service providers comply with certain legal frameworks related to the transfer of information, including European Commission adequacy decisions, Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission, the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework.
DATA RETENTION
Except as required by applicable law, we will only retain personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. Under some circumstances we may anonymize personal information so that it can no longer be associated with a particular use. We reserve the right to use such anonymous and de-identified data for any legitimate business purpose without further notice.
USER RIGHTS
Users have the following rights with respect to the information we hold:
The right to access.
Where we have collected user information, users have the right to access that information.
The right to rectification.
Users have the right to have us correct inaccurate information we hold about them.
The right to erasure.
Users have the right to have their information erased.
The right to object to or restrict collection.
Users have the right to object to or restrict us from collecting their information.
The right to data portability.
Users have the right to receive their personal information from us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.
The right to complain to a supervisory authority.
Users have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for the collection of personal information if they feel we have infringed their privacy rights.
The right to withdraw consent.
Where users have provided us with consent, they have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
We will handle any request to exercise these rights in accordance with applicable law and any relevant legal exemptions. To exercise these rights please contact us using the contact details below.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any questions about how we treat your children’s information in connection with our Services, or would like to review or have deleted you or your child’s personal information, or if you would like to withdraw consent for the further collection and use of you or your child’s personal information or restrict us from disclosing such information to third parties, please contact us at
privacy@skyship.tv
.
You may also write to us at:
Skyship Entertainment Company
ATTN: Privacy Dept.
P.O. Box 40021
Liberty Village PO
Toronto, ON M5V0K7, Canada
Phone: 416-561-8995
Sub-section Policy: 