Privacy Policy
Thank you for utilizing Earth Hero. We hope the content and tools provided by the Earth Hero app, website, and social media sites (referred to here as the Earth Hero Platform) help make it easy for you to take climate actions. Earth Hero is a non-profit, all-volunteer group that formed in 2019. We seek to provide the best information regarding actions to address the climate emergency, carbon emissions, and to increase your social impact.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us and is intended to help you understand:
What information we collect about you
Purposes for which we may process your information
What is the lawful basis for processing personal information
What is the data retention period
What are your rights as the data subject
Whether we share information provided to us
How we process information we collect internationally
How you can access or control your personal information
At Earth Hero, we take the privacy of our users (“Users,” “You,” or “Your”) very seriously. This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that Earth Hero (“Earth Hero,” “Us,” or “We”) or its third party service providers collect (“Earth Hero“ or “Application,” or “App”).  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the Application. By accessing or using Earth Hero, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
1. Personal Information
Your use of Earth Hero may cause certain information, including information you may consider personal to you (“Personal Information”), to be stored locally on your mobile phone, tablet, media player, or personal computer (“Device”). This data may include, but is not limited to, your first and last name, email address, and social media information. It may also include specific details about your carbon pollution (“Carbon Pollution Data”). We will treat your Personal Information and Carbon Pollution Data as confidential. We will not share your Personal Information or Carbon Pollution Data with third parties, such as third party service providers and/or advertisers.
We may automatically collect the following types of information as you use Earth Hero:
Usage Information: We collect certain information automatically through your use of our App, such as which features of our App you access, the frequency of access, updates made on our App, and what you click on while on our App.
Location Information: We may collect information about your actual location that may be determined from GPS and other sensors that may reveal information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points, and cell towers.
Device Information: We may collect information about the device you are using, such as hardware model, operating system, application version number, browser, and IP addresses.
Mobile Device Information: In addition to the Device Information listed above, when you access our App, we may also collect the unique device identifier assigned to that device, mobile carrier, operating system, and other device attributes. We may also access functions on your mobile device for the operation of our mobile application, which can include: telephone, camera, browser, social media apps, or GPS.
2. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
“Cookies” are small text files that are stored within your computer’s or mobile device’s memory by a website through your browser. Cookies enable a website or mobile app such as Earth Hero’s to keep track of your activities on that website or app, and to improve your use of the website or app, such as by keeping track of your preferences. You can change your browser settings on your personal computer or mobile device so that cookies are not stored. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but you may not have access to some of our Site’s functions and your ability to use some areas of our Site may be limited.
We may also use other website or mobile tracking technologies to identify you and keep track of your preferences, prevent fraudulent activity or improve Site security, assess the performance of our Site, and deliver content to you based on your interests on our Site and third-party websites.
3. Data usage
We may process personal information provided through the means outlined above for the following purposes:
To provide you access to our application
For safety and security. This includes to prevent, detect, and investigate, fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our Terms & Conditions
For research and development. We are always looking for ways to make our application smarter, faster, secure, and useful to you. This includes information about features you interact with on our application and actions you take on these features
For personalized user experience. We integrate usage data with anonymized user profiles to understand your preferences and behavior on our application better. This helps us tailor our services and content to better suit your needs, ensuring a more personalized and relevant experience for you.
To communicate with you about our application. We use your contact information to resolve problems with the site, applications or tools, or for other purposes authorized by law.
To add you to our email list to send limited messages about the Earth Hero app and addressing climate change, which you can unsubscribe from at any time through a link provided in every email.
With your consent: We use information about you where you have given us consent to do so for a specific purpose not listed above.
Disclosure to Government: We reserve the right to monitor and disclose, without your consent, any communications or Private Information, whenever requested to do so by courts, government agencies, or by law enforcement authorities.
4. What is the lawful basis for processing personal information?
In Processing your personal information in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy, we rely on one or more of the following legal bases, depending on the circumstances:
Consent: We may Process your personal information where we have obtained your prior, express consent.
Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your personal information where the Processing is required by applicable law.
Vital interests: We may Process your personal information where the Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual.
Legitimate interests: We may Process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing, operating or promoting our organization, and that legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms.
GDPR and legal bases for processing (for EEA users): If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws. The legal bases depend on the Applications you use and how you use them.
This means we collect and use your information only where:
We need it to provide you with the Application, including to operate the Application, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Application.
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as to deliver access to features of interest within the application.
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose.
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
5. Data retention period
We will only retain your data for as long as you maintain a valid Earth Hero user account.
Users have the ability to delete their account from within the app at any time. This will automatically delete any retained data.
We reserve the right to use anonymized data for analytical purposes after an account is deleted.
6. Rights of the data subject
As the data subject, you can exercise certain rights with reference to the data Processed by the controller. If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.
In particular, you have the right to:
Withdraw your consent to the Processing of your data.
Request access to your data from the controller.
Verify and request a rectification or an update to your data.
Obtain a restriction of the Processing of your data.
Object to the Processing of your data.
Request an erasure of your data.
Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
7. Sharing Information
Access to your personal data is limited to a small number of individuals on the app development team and customer service team.
Earth Hero will never automatically share your information to social networks and/or third parties without your consent. We are in no way responsible for the protection of any information that you choose to share with social networks. You and such social networks are solely responsible for the protection of such information. Please review any applicable policies and procedures of such social networks before sharing your information therein.
8. Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 16.
9. International Users
Earth Hero is located in the United States and is subject to the applicable state and federal laws of the United States. If you use Earth Hero, you consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and subject to such laws.
10. Contact Us
To exercise your rights as the data subject or if you have any questions about the policies described in this statement, you can email Earth Hero Data Controller directly at
privacy@earthhero.org
.
Actions
Groups
Articles
Get Involved
Donate
Contact us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
LinkedIn