ホーム
製品情報
ダウンロード
メガソフトショップ
サポート
会社情報
Megasoft Top
＞
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
日本語 >>
Megasoft Inc. ("Megasoft") respects your privacy. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy ("this Policy").
< Effective Date : 8/8/2024 >
Use Your Personal Data
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
When we provide you services and supports.
When we process your payment, deliver the products or services that you purchased.
When we send newsletters about your products and services.
When we reply to your inquiry.
When collect the statistics about our product (excluding your personal information).
When it is necessary to use within the scope of the purpose of utilization.
Disclose Personal Data
We do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties unless otherwise your permission or stated below.
When services are provided by partners authorized by Megasoft. For example, when you make an online purchase from Megasoft, we must share your personal data with the logistics provider to arrange shipment or a partner to provide services.
To comply with applicable laws or respond to valid legal procedures, Megasoft may also disclose your personal data to law enforcement or other government agencies. With your request, your personal data may be also disclosed when appropriate, for example, to execute Terms and Conditions, when we believe disclosure is necessary.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
We take precautions to prevent from unjust access to personal information, disappearance, manipulation, a leak does not happen.
Cookies
Megasoft uses cookies to operate and improve our websites and offerings.
Usage of cookies is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
You can disable cookies by your browser setting.
Some of the services on our website may not be functioned, when cookies are set to disable.
When you login to our Services
For statistics purpose, we collect the following information when you log in our service.
Your domain name, IP address, browser, access date (Not your private information included).
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
Megasoft use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, which encrypts any personal information you enter into registration forms on the application.
The encryption process protects your information, by scrambling it before it is sent to us from your computer. We also make commercially reasonable effort to ensure the security of your personal information on our system.
(We try striving to protect your personal information.)
About products with Google Drive integration functions
< 3D My Home Designer Series >
For applications that implement a function to upload data to Google Drive using Google API, the customer can connect to Google Drive from this application and save the created data to the PC, and then upload the same data to Google Drive. The same data can be uploaded to Google Drive.
This application does not perform any operations other than uploading data.
It does not connect to your Google Drive for any purposes other than those described above.
The use of information received from the Google API and its transfer to other applications is governed by
the user data policy of the Google API service
, including any restricted use requirements.
＜LiquidLogic＞
Using Google APIs to allow file and folder operations (view, create, delete, move, rename, upload, download) and edit files.
Communications are encrypted with SSL and login credentials are encrypted by iOS.
We do not retain any user information.
The use of information received from the Google API and its transfer to other applications is governed by
the user data policy of the Google API service
, including any restricted use requirements.
Modify and Cancellation
When you request to modify or delete your personal information or to cancel the services, Megasoft responds to your request promptly under our terms and conditions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Megasoft reserves the right to update or change this Policy at any time. We will release the latest Privacy Policy on our Website.
Contact
In matters pertaining to Megasoft's privacy practices you may contact via email at
：
privacy@megasoft.co.jp
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Copyright/Link
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.megasoft.co.jp/privacy/:
ホーム
製品情報
ダウンロード
メガソフトショップ
サポート
会社情報
メガソフト トップ
＞
プライバシーポリシー
お客様の個人情報の取り扱いについて
English >>
メガソフトは、お客様の個人情報の取り扱いに細心の注意をはらっております。
以下に、メガソフトの取り組みをプライバシーポリシーとして記し、ご説明いたします。
＜更新日：2024年8月8日＞
■収集目的
メガソフトは、下記を目的として、個人情報を収集いたします。
お客様に対するサービス・サポートを行うために使用いたします。
ご購入いただいた商品の、発送・決済に使用いたします。
弊社で提供する商品やサービスのご案内に使用いたします。
お問い合わせいただいた内容の、ご回答に使用いたします。
個人情報以外の収集情報は、統計のために使用することがあります。
その他弊社の事業において、正当な利用範囲で利用いたします。
■提供・開示
メガソフトは、お客様から同意が得られない限り、第三者へ個人情報を提供・開示することはありません。
ただし、守秘義務を負う業務委託先に、発送・決済・データ入力/印刷・その他顧客サービスを目的として、個人情報を預託することがあります。
また、法律に基づき開示しなければならない場合や、お客様からご要望があった場合、合理的な範囲内で、個人情報の修正・削除・開示を行います。
■管理
メガソフトは、お客様の個人データを上記収集目的の達成に必要な範囲内で正確かつ最新の状態に保ち厳重に管理いたします。
また個人情報への不正アクセス、消失、改ざん、漏洩が起こらないように細心の注意を払います。
■Cookieについて
メガソフトのWebサイトには、Cookie（クッキー）と呼ばれる技術を利用したページがあります。
この技術を利用することにより、お客様のコンピュータを特定することが可能ですが、お客様の個人情報を識別するものではありません。
お客様は、ブラウザの設定によりCookieを無効にすることができます。
ただし、Cookieを無効にした場合、メガソフトのWebページのサービスがご利用いただけなくなることがあります。
■ログファイルについて
メガソフトのWebサイトでは、傾向の分析、サイト管理、ユーザー動向探索のため、アクセスログを記録しています。
アクセスログは、ドメイン名、IPアドレス、ブラウザの種類、アクセス日時などが含まれますが、通常個人を特定できる情報を含みません。
■SSLについて
メガソフトのWebサイトの中で、オンラインショッピングとユーザー登録のページ、その他お客様の個人情報を入力するページはSSLに対応しています。
SSLに対応したブラウザをご利用いただくことにより、お客様が入力される個人情報は暗号化されて送信されます。
万が一、第三者に送信データを傍受された場合でも、内容が盗み取られる心配はありません。
■Google ドライブとの連携機能がある製品について
＜３Ｄマイホームデザイナーシリーズ＞
Google APIを使って、データをGoogle ドライブにアップロードする機能を実装しているアプリケーションは、お客様の操作により、本アプリケーションからGoogle ドライブに接続し、作成したデータをPCに保存すると、同じデータをGoogle ドライブにアップロードできます。
本アプリケーションでは、データのアップロード以外の操作は行いません。
上記の目的以外でお客様のGoogle ドライブには接続しません。
Google APIから受け取る情報の使用および他のアプリへの転送は、制限付き使用の要件を含め、
Google APIサービスのユーザーデータポリシー
に準拠します。
＜LiquidLogic＞
Google APIを使って、ファイルやフォルダーの操作（表示、作成、削除、移動、名前変更、アップロード、ダウンロード）をできるようにして、ファイルの編集を行ないます。
通信はSSLで暗号化され、ログインの認証情報はiOSで暗号化されます。
当社はユーザーの情報は保持しません。
Google APIから受け取る情報の使用および他のアプリへの転送は、制限付き使用の要件を含め、
Google APIサービスのユーザーデータポリシー
に準拠します。
■訂正・サービスの中止について
お客様が、お客様の個人情報の変更、削除、メガソフトからのサービス提供の停止をご希望される場合は、メガソフトは速やかに対応いたします。
■プライバシーポリシーの変更
メガソフトは、プライバシーポリシーの内容を改訂する場合があります。また重要な改訂があった場合、Webサイトでお客様に通知いたします。
■お問い合わせ
個人情報に関するお問い合わせは下記でお受けしております。
：
privacy@megasoft.co.jp
プライバシー
プライバシーポリシー
著作権・リンクについて