IMPORTANT INFORMATION
In order to use Translator mobile application (the "App", "Service"), we
				automatically collect from your device language settings, IP address, time zone, type and model of a
				device, device settings, operating system, Internet service provider, mobile carrier, hardware ID, and
				other unique identifiers (such as IDFA). We need this data to provide our services, analyze how our
				customers use the App, to serve ads.
For improving the App and serving ads, we may share this data with third parties
.
Such parties include Facebook, Google, AppsFlyer, Amplitude.
As a result of sharing this data with third parties we (1) analyze different interactions (how often
				users make subscriptions, what phrases are the most popular among the users, etc.); (2) serve ads (and
				are able to show them only to a particular group users, for example, to subscribers). Please read our
				Privacy Policy below to know more about what we do with data. If any questions will remain unanswered,
				please contact us at
info@translatorguru.app
.
By tapping “Accept” button below you explicitly agree to the Terms and Conditions of Use,
				Privacy Policy (in particular, to sending your data to the third parties, as described above and in the
				Privacy Policy).
TRANSLATOR
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy explains what personal data is collected when you use Translator mobile application
				(the “
App
”) and the services provided through it (together with the App, the “
Service
”), how such personal data will be used, shared.
BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU PROMISE US THAT (I) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY
				POLICY, AND (II) YOU ARE OVER 16 YEARS OF AGE (OR HAVE HAD YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN READ AND AGREE TO
				THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR YOU). If you do not agree, or are unable to make this promise, you must not use
				the Service. In such case, you must (a) contact us and request deletion of your data; (b) cancel any
				subscriptions using the functionality provided by Apple (if you are using iOS) or Google (if you are
				using Android); and (c) delete the App from your devices.
“
GDPR
” means the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of
				the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of
				personal data and on the free movement of such data.
“
EEA
” includes all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
“
Process
”, in respect of personal data, includes to collect, store, and disclose to others.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
UNDER WHAT LEGAL BASES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA (Applies only to EEA-based users)
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
AGE LIMITATION
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
DATA RETENTION
HOW “DO NOT TRACK” REQUESTS ARE HANDLED
PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER
CONTACT US
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
We collect data automatically (for example, your IP address, device type, etc.).
Examples of data we collect automatically:
Data about how you found us
We collect data about your referring app or URL (that is, the app or place on the Web where you were
				when you tapped on our ad).
Device and Location data.
We collect data from your mobile device. Examples of such data include: language settings, IP address,
				time zone, type and model of a device, device settings, operating system, Internet service provider,
				mobile carrier, hardware ID.
Usage data
We record how you interact with our Service. For example, we log your taps on certain areas of the
				interface, the features, and content you interact with, how often you use the App, how long you are in
				the App, and your subscription orders. We also record the ads in our App with which you interact (and
				the Internet links to which those adds lead).
Advertising IDs
We collect your Apple Identifier for Advertising (“IDFA”) or Google Advertising ID
				(“AAID”) (depending on the operating system of your device). You can typically reset these
				numbers through the settings of your device’s operating system (but we do not control this).
FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We process your personal data:
To provide our Service
This includes enabling you to use the Service in a seamless manner and preventing or addressing Service
				errors or technical issues.
We use
Firebase Performance Monitoring
and
Firebase Crash Reporting,
which are monitoring services provided by Google. To learn more, please visit Google’s
Privacy policy
and
Privacy and Security in Firebase
.
To provide you with customer support
We process your personal data to respond to your requests for technical support, Service information or
				to any other communication you initiate. For this purpose, we may send you, for example, notifications
				about the performance of our Service, security, payment transactions, notices regarding our Terms and
				Conditions of Use or this Privacy Policy.
To communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
We communicate with you, for example, by push notifications. To opt out of receiving push
				notifications, you need to change the settings on your device.
The services that we use for this purposes may collect data concerning the date and time when the
				message was viewed by our App’s users, as well as when they interacted with it, such as by
				clicking on links included in the message.
To communicate with you we also use
Firebase Cloud Messaging and Firebase Notifications
, which
are message sending services provided by Google. Firebase Cloud Messaging allows us to send messages
				and notifications to users of our App across platforms such as Android and iOS. We integrate
Firebase Notifications
with
Firebase Analytics
to create analytics-based audiences and track opening and conversion events.
				Google's
privacy policy
.
We use
Apple Push Notification
service (“APNs”), that is a notifications service provided by Apple. APNs allows us
				to send information to iOS devices. Apple’s
privacy policy
.
To research and analyze your use of the Service
This helps us to better understand our business, analyze our operations, maintain, improve, innovate,
				plan, design, and develop the App and our new products. We also use such data for statistical analysis
				purposes, to test and improve our offers. This enables us to better understand what features of the App
				our users like more, what categories of users use our App. As a consequence, we often decide how to
				improve the App based on the results obtained from this processing.
To perform research and analysis about how users interact with our App we use
AppsFlyer
. AppsFlyer enables us to understand, in particular, how users find us (for example, who was the
				advertiser that delivered an ad to users, which led you to an app store with our App). AppsFlyer also
				provides us with different analytics tools that enable us to research and analyze your use of the
				Service.
Privacy Policy
,
Opt Out
.
We use
Facebook Analytics
, which is a service is provided by Facebook that allows us to use different analytical tools. On
				Facebook Analytics we get, in particular, aggregated demographics and insights on how many people launch
				our app or how often users make purchases. For more details see
Privacy Policy
.
To track and analyze behavior of our App’s users (in particular, how they react to changes of the
				App structure, text or any other component), we use
Firebase Remote Config
. Firebase Remote Config is an A/B testing and configuration service provided by Google, which also
				enables us to tailor the content that our App’s users see (for example, it allows us to show
				different onboarding screens to different users).
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy and Security in Firebase
.
We also use
Firebase Analytics
,
which is an analytics service provided by Google. In order to understand Google's use of data,
				consult Google's
partner policy
. Firebase
Privacy information
.
Google’s Privacy Policy
.
To personalize our ads
We and our partners, including Facebook and Google, use your personal data to tailor ads and possibly
				even show them to you at the relevant time. For example, if you have installed our App, you might see
				ads of our products, for example, in your Facebook’s feed.
How to opt out or influence personalized advertising
iOS:
On your iPhone or iPad, go to “Settings,” then “Privacy” and tap
				“Advertising” to select “Limit Ad Track”. In addition, you can reset your
				advertising identifier (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads) in the same
				section.
Android:
To opt-out of ads on an Android device, simply open the Google Settings app on your mobile phone,
				tap “Ads” and enable “Opt out of interest-based ads”. In addition, you can reset
				your advertising identifier in the same section (this also may help you to see less of personalized
				ads).
To learn even more about how to affect advertising choices on various devices, please look at the
				information available
here
.
In addition, you may get useful information and opt out of some interest-based advertising, by visiting
				the following links:
Network Advertising Initiative –
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Digital Advertising Alliance –
http://optout.aboutads.info/
Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) –
http://youradchoices.ca/choices
Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) –
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
DAA AppChoices page –
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
We value your right to influence the ads that you see, thus we are letting you know what service
				providers we use for this purpose and how some of them allow you to control your ad preferences.
We use
Facebook Ads Manager
together with
Facebook Custom Audience
,
which allows us to choose audiences that will see our ads on Facebook or other Facebook’s
				products (for example, Instagram). Through Facebook Custom Audience we may create a list of users with
				certain sets of data, such as an IDFA, choose users that have completed certain actions in the App (for
				example, installed it). As a result, we may ask Facebook to show some ads to a particular list of users.
				As a result, more of our ads may show up while you are using Facebook or other Facebook’s products
				(for example, Instagram). You may learn how to opt out of advertising provided to you through Facebook
				Custom Audience
here
.
Facebook also allows its users to influence the types of ads they see on Facebook. To find how to
				control the ads you see on Facebook, please go
here
or adjust your ads settings on
Facebook
.
Google Ads
is an ad delivery service provided by Google that can deliver ads to users. In particular, Google
				allows to us to tailor the ads in way that they will appear, for example, only to users that have
				conducted certain actions with our App (for example, show our ads to users who have purchased a
				subscription). Some other examples of events that may be used for tailoring ads include, in particular,
				installing our App. Google allows its users to
opt out of Google’s personalized ads
and to
prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics
.
To enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use and to prevent and combat fraud
We use personal data to enforce our agreements and contractual commitments, to detect, prevent, and
				combat fraud. As a result of such processing, we may share your information with others, including law
				enforcement agencies (in particular, if a dispute arises in connection with our
Terms and Conditions of Use
).
To comply with legal obligations
We may process, use, or share your data when the law requires it, in particular, if a law enforcement
				agency requests your data by available legal means.
UNDER WHAT LEGAL BASES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA (Applies only to EEA-based users)
In this section, we are letting you know what legal basis we use for each particular purpose of
				processing. For more information on a particular purpose, please refer to Section 2. This section
				applies only to EEA-based users.
We process your personal data under the following legal bases:
to perform our contract with you;
Under this legal basis we:
provide our Service (in accordance with our
Terms and Conditions of Use
)
customize your experience
provide you with customer support
for our (or others') legitimate interests, unless those interests are overridden by your
					interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of personal data;
We rely on legitimate interests:
to communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
to research and analyze your use of the Service
Our legitimate interest for this purpose is our interest in improving our Service so that we understand
				users’ preferences and are able to provide you with a better experience (for example, to make the
				use of the App easier and more enjoyable, or to introduce and test new features).
to personalize our ads
The legitimate interest we rely on for this processing is our interest to promote our Service in a
				reasonably targeted way.
to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use and to prevent and combat fraud
Our legitimate interests for this purpose are enforcing our legal rights, preventing and addressing
				fraud and unauthorised use of the Service, non-compliance with our Terms and Conditions of Use.
to comply with legal obligations.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize,
				support, and market our Service. We may share some sets of personal data, in particular, for purposes
				indicated in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy. The types of third parties we share information with
				include, in particular:
Service providers
We share personal data with third parties that we hire to provide services or perform business
				functions on our behalf, based on our instructions. We share your personal information with the
				following types of service providers:
data analytics providers (Firebase, Google, AppsFlyer)
marketing partners (in particular, social media networks, marketing agencies)
Law enforcement agencies and other public authorities
We may use and disclose personal data to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use, to protect our
				rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others, and to respond to
				requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government
				authorities, or in other cases provided for by law.
Third parties as part of a merger or acquisition
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customers’
				information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may
				also share such information with any affiliated entity (e.g. parent company or subsidiary) and may
				transfer such information in the course of a corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a
				divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
To be in control of your personal data, you have the following rights:
Accessing / reviewing / updating / correcting your personal data.
You may also request a copy of your personal data collected during your use of the App at
info@translatorguru.app
.
Deleting your personal data.
You can request erasure of your personal data by sending us an email at
info@translatorguru.app
.
When you request deletion of your personal data, we will use reasonable efforts to honor your request.
				In some cases we may be legally required to keep some of the data for a certain time; in such event, we
				will fulfill your request after we have complied with our obligations.
Objecting to or restricting the use of your personal data.
You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data or limit our use thereof by
				requesting its erasure as described above or sending a request at
info@translatorguru.app
.
Additional information for EEA-based users:
If you are based in the EEA, you have the following rights in addition to the above:
The right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority.
We would love you to contact us directly, so we could address your concerns. Nevertheless, you
				have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority, in
				particular in the EU Member State where you reside, work or where the alleged infringement has taken
				place.
The right to data portability.
If you wish to receive your personal data in a machine-readable format, you can do so by
				requesting a copy of your personal data as described above (or send respective request at
info@translatorguru.app
). The data will be made available to you in the .json file format.
AGE LIMITATION
We do not knowingly process personal data from persons under 16 years of age.
If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has provided us with personal data, please contact us at
info@translatorguru.app
.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We do our business globally. We may transfer personal data to countries other than the country in which
				the data was originally collected in order to provide the Service set forth in the Terms and Conditions
				of Use and for purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy. If these countries do not have the same data
				protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information, we deploy special
				safeguards.
In particular, if we transfer personal data originating from the EEA to countries with not adequate
				level of data protection, we use one of the following legal bases: (i) Standard Contractual Clauses
				approved by the European Commission (details available
here
)
, or (ii) the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (details available
here
), or (iii) the European Commission adequacy decisions about certain countries (details available
here
).
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to make material changes to this
				Privacy Policy, you will be notified through our Service or by other available means and will have an
				opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy. By continuing to access or use the Service after those
				changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies once a
				year what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties' direct
				marketing purposes. Learn more about what is considered to be
personal information under the statute
.
To obtain this information from us, please send an email message to
info@translatorguru.app
which includes “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and
				your state of residence and email address in the body of your message. If you are a California resident,
				we will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response.
Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light”
				requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
DATA RETENTION
We will store your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary for achieving the purposes
				set forth in this Privacy Policy (including providing the Service to you). We will also retain and use
				your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our
				agreements.
HOW “DO NOT TRACK” REQUESTS ARE HANDLED
Except as otherwise stipulated in this Privacy Policy, this App does not support “Do Not
				Track” requests. To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do
				Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER
GM UniverseApps Limited
Address: 26 Stavrou Street, Strovolos 2034, Nicosia,
Cyprus
CONTACT US
You may contact us at any time for details regarding this Privacy Policy and its previous versions. For
				any questions concerning your personal data please contact us at
info@universeapps.limited
.
Effective as of: 21 December 2021
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 1
https://www.apple.com/privacy/:
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
Privacy. That’s Apple.
Privacy.
That’s Apple.
Privacy is a fundamental human right. It’s also one of our core values. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. That’s the kind of innovation we believe in.
Apple Intelligence.
Great powers come
with great privacy.
Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple.
On-device
processing
allows Apple Intelligence to be aware of your data without collecting your data.
On-device processing
The cornerstone of Apple Intelligence is on‑device processing, which gives Apple Intelligence the ability to fulfill many of your requests without leaving your device.
Deeply integrated into your iPhone, iPad, and Mac
Powered by Apple silicon
Designed to protect your privacy at every step
Private Cloud Compute
extends the privacy of Apple devices for more complex requests.
Private Cloud Compute
Some requests require more computational power than what fits in your pocket. For these more complex requests, Apple Intelligence can draw on Private Cloud Compute and extend the privacy of your Apple devices to Apple silicon servers.
Your data is only used for your requests
Your data is never stored or made accessible to anyone
Independent experts can verify its privacy promise
Available now
*
Learn more about Apple Intelligence
Discover everyday privacy protections.
Locked and Hidden Apps.
Choose
what’s
visible.
Locked and Hidden Apps
Locked apps allow you to show your screen to someone while protecting sensitive areas of your phone. For additional privacy, you can hide a locked app. This removes the hidden app’s name and icon from the Home Screen and search results, and pauses its notifications. You can access locked or hidden apps with Face ID, Touch ID, or a passcode.
Private Browsing.
Powerfully
private.
Private Browsing
When you turn on Private Browsing, Safari won’t save the sites you visit, your searches, or any information from forms you fill out. Advanced tracking and fingerprinting protections help prevent websites from tracking or identifying your device. And your private browsing windows automatically lock when you’re not using them.
Passkeys.
Simple.
Secure.
So not a
password
.
Passkeys
A passkey eliminates the need for a password by using a unique digital key that only works from the site or app it was created for, so you don’t have to worry about website leaks or phishing. Passkeys are securely synced across Apple devices. Just use Touch ID or Face ID to authenticate and you’re done.
Lock Hidden Albums.
Keep Hidden
and Recently
Deleted
photos
private.
Lock Hidden Albums
Your Hidden and Recently Deleted albums in Photos are locked by default and can be unlocked using your device’s authentication method — Face ID, Touch ID, or your passcode.
Safety Check.
Take
control
in times of crisis.
Safety Check
Safety Check is a section in Settings that helps people in domestic or intimate partner violence situations quickly reset the access they’ve granted to others. It also helps you manage which people and apps you’ve given access to.
Learn more about personal safety with Apple devices
App Tracking Transparency.
Decide which
apps are
allowed to
track
track
track
track
you.
App Tracking Transparency
Make more informed choices about the apps you use and the permissions you grant them. Apps are required to ask your permission when they want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. And you can change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for permission entirely in Settings.
Mail Privacy Protection.
Read
Read
,
delete
,
and
reply
with peace
of mind.
Mail Privacy Protection
Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email.
Our apps mind their business. Not yours.
Safari throws trackers off your trail.
Safari
Some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch you, build a profile of you, and serve you ads as you browse the web. Intelligent Tracking Prevention in Safari uses on-device machine learning to help block those trackers. And you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site trackers Safari is blocking by visiting your Privacy Report in the Safari toolbar.
When you use Private Browsing, the details of your browsing aren’t saved, and the websites you visit aren’t shared with your other Apple devices. And starting with iOS 17, iPadOS 17, and macOS Sonoma, Private Browsing locks your private browsing windows when you’re not using them, completely blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to URLs as you browse.
View all privacy features
Health keeps your records under wraps.
Health
From your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health can give you insight into some of your most personal details. With the Health app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to, and who has access to it.
When you do want to securely share your health data from the Health app with your doctors, they’ll see the data you shared in a dashboard in the provider’s health records system.
All of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, Touch ID, or Face ID. So however you use the Health app, you’re always in control of your data.
Wallet and Apple Pay help hide what you buy.
Wallet and Apple Pay
When you make a purchase, Apple Pay uses a device-specific number and unique transaction code. So your card number is never stored on your device or on Apple servers. And when you pay, your card numbers are never shared by Apple with merchants.
When you pay with a debit or credit card, Apple Pay doesn’t keep transaction information that can be tied back to you. And when you use Apple Cash, information is stored only for troubleshooting, fraud prevention, and regulatory purposes.
Maps makes your location history, history.
Maps
Where you go says a lot about you. Maps delivers a great experience without Apple knowing which stores, neighborhoods, or clinics you visit. And because Maps doesn’t include a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your Apple Account at all.
Personalized features, like locating your parked car, are created right on your device. Data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms, is not associated with your identity. Instead, that information is based on random identifiers that are constantly changing.
Photos lets you choose who has the full picture.
Photos
Your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends, and your favorite things. Apple devices are designed to give you control over those memories.
Photos is also designed so that the face recognition and scene and object detection — which power features like For You, Memories, Sharing Suggestions, and the People album — happen on device instead of in the cloud. In fact, the A13 Bionic and later chips perform over 100 billion operations per photo to recognize faces and places without ever leaving your device. And when apps request access to your photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library.
Messages are only seen by who you send them to.
Messages
From inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video chats. Every blue-bubble message, picture, Animoji, and video is encrypted while being sent between devices.
Smart suggestions in Messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who you’re messaging, are all done on your device.
Siri learns what you need. Not who you are.
Siri
Siri was designed from the beginning to learn your preferences without sharing your identity with Apple or anyone else. You don’t sign in with your Apple Account to use Siri, and the audio of your requests is processed entirely on your device thanks to the power of the Apple Neural Engine.
When Apple does process or store data on our servers, it’s associated with a random identifier — a long string of letters and numbers. That data is used only to improve Siri, and we never share or sell it. Apple doesn’t retain audio of your requests unless you choose to share it with us to improve Siri.
Apple News leaves what you read off the record.
Apple News
Many news sources keep track of your identity and create a profile of you. Apple News delivers personalized content without knowing who you are. The content you read is associated with a random identifier, not your Apple Account.
You get editor-curated content and a personalized newsfeed so you can stay up to date with the latest news and stories. And because Apple News uses machine learning, the more you use it, the better your app gets to know what you like — without Apple ever knowing what you’re into.
App Store shows you what’s in store for your data.
App Store
Every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the App Store is required to follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. And every app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at Apple.
When you’re checking out an app, you’ll see its Privacy Nutrition Label to help you decide if it works for you. Apps you choose to download need your permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can always change your mind about what you share. iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5 or later require developers to get your permission before tracking your activity across other companies’ apps and websites for ads or data brokers.
Get the latest on privacy.
Your other browser may be watching you.
Safari actually protects your privacy.
Watch the film
Drop by the Apple Store to learn more about privacy.
Join a 30-minute session and learn how to control your privacy on iPhone.
Join a free session
Discover how Apple Vision Pro protects your data.
Like every Apple product and service, Apple Vision Pro is designed to protect your privacy and keep you in control of your data.
View (PDF)
Protect your data from malware.
Apple’s layers of security and App Store protections help shield you from malware.
View (PDF)
Take charge of how apps use your data.
Every day, people go about their lives unaware that their personal information is being harvested.
View (PDF)
Learn more about privacy at Apple.
Review privacy features
Control what you share
See how apps from Apple
handle your data
Our values lead the way.
Accessibility
Our built-in accessibility features are designed to work the way you do.
Learn more
Environment
We’re committed to bringing our net emissions to zero across our entire carbon footprint by 2030.
Learn more
Racial Equity
and Justice Initiative
We’re addressing systemic racism by expanding opportunities for communities of color globally.
Learn more
Education
We empower students and educators to learn, create, and define their own success.
Learn more
Supply Chain Innovation
We prioritize providing safe, respectful, and supportive workplaces for everyone.
Learn more
Inclusion and Diversity
We’re holding ourselves accountable for creating a culture where everyone belongs.
Learn more
Sub-policy 2
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Our Cookies Policy
AppsFlyer respects your privacy as our website user. We use cookies to improve your user experience and for remarketing. Some of this data may be shared with select partners. See our
cookies policy
for more information.
Reject all cookies
Accept all cookies
Customize
Cookie Preference Center
AppsFlyer uses Cookies to provide, maintain, and improve our websites, to optimize our offerings and marketing activities, and to provide our visitors and users with a better experience, for example, in order to maintain your preferences, to better secure our websites, to identify technical issues, and to monitor and improve the overall performance of our websites.
More information
Allow All
Please select which Cookies you approve, you may choose all options.
Always Active
Necessary Cookies are enabled for the assurance and function of a properly run website, and they cannot be disabled. They are usually only set in response to actions permitted by you, such as, enabling functions like navigation and access to secure areas of the website. These Cookies do not store personal information that will be used for other purposes.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies provide us with aggregated (anonymous) insights into website enhancement and performance improvement. These cookies allow us to measure and improve the performance of our Sites. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization through our Sites and allow for a better user experience. These may be set by us (first-party Cookies) or by third-party providers who work with us (third-party Cookies).
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 3
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms/:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
Java
Script Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.
js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .
NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
1. Introduction
2. Definitions
3. Duration
4. Scope of Data Protection Law
5. Processing of Data
6. Data Deletion
7. Data Security
8. Impact Assessments and Consultations
9. Access etc.; Data Subject Rights; Data Export
10. Data Transfers
11. Subprocessors
12. Firebase Data Protection Team; Processing Records
13. Liability
14. Interpretation
15. Changes to these Terms
Appendix 1: Subject Matter and Details of the Data Processing
Appendix 2: Security Measures
1. Data Center and Network Security
2. Access and Site Controls
3. Data
4. Personnel Security
5. Subprocessor Security
Appendix 3: Additional Terms for Non-European Data Protection Law
Terms last modified: August 21, 2024
|
Previous versions
The customer agreeing to these terms ("Customer"), and Google LLC (formerly
known as Google Inc.), Google Ireland Limited, Google Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd., or
any other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with Google LLC (as applicable, "Google"), have entered
into an agreement under which Google has agreed to provide Firebase Services (as
described at
https://firebase.google.com/terms
) which
specifically reference the Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms (as
amended from time to time, the "Agreement").
These Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms, including their
appendices, (the "Terms") are incorporated into the Agreement. These Terms will
be effective and replace any previously applicable data processing and security
terms as from the Terms Effective Date (as defined below). ​With respect to the
Firebase Crashlytics and Firebase App Distribution Terms of Service under which
Google has agreed to provide Firebase Crashlytics and Firebase App Distribution
Services, these Terms were formerly known as the "Crashlytics and App
Distribution Data Processing and Security Terms."
1.
Introduction
These Terms reflect the parties' agreement with
respect to the terms governing the processing and security of Customer Data
under the Agreement.
2.
Definitions
2.1 Capitalized terms used but not defined in these Terms have the meanings
set out in the Agreement. In these Terms, unless stated otherwise:
Account
has the meaning given in the Agreement or, if no such
  meaning is given, means Customer's account for the Services.
Additional Product
means a product, service or application provided
  by Google or a third party that: (a) is not part of the Services; and (b) is
  accessible for use within the user interface of the Services or is otherwise
  integrated with the Services.
Additional Security Controls
means security resources, features, functionality and/or controls that
  Customer may use at its option and/or as it determines, including the Admin
  Console and other features and/or functionality of the Services such as
  logging and monitoring and identity and access management.
Adequate Country
means:
(a) for data processed subject to the EU GDPR: the EEA, or a country or
        territory recognized as ensuring adequate data protection under the EU
        GDPR;
(b) for data processed subject to the UK GDPR: the UK or a country or
        territory recognized as ensuring adequate data protection under the UK
        GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018; and/or
(c) for data processed subject to the Swiss FDPA: Switzerland, or a
        country or territory that is (i) included in the list of the states
        whose legislation ensures adequate protection as published by the Swiss
        Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, or (ii) recognized
        as ensuring adequate data protection under the Swiss FDPA,
in each case, other than on the basis of an optional data protection framework.
Admin Console
has the meaning given in the Agreement or, if no such
  meaning is given, means the online console(s) and/or tool(s) provided by
  Google to Customer for administering the Services.
Affiliate
has the meaning given in the Agreement or, if no such meaning is given, means
  any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under
  common control with, a party.
Applicable Data Protection Law
means, as applicable to the processing of Customer Personal Data, any
  national, federal, EU, state, provincial or other privacy, data security or
  data protection law or regulation including European Data Protection Law.
Audited Services
means the then-current Services indicated as being
  in-scope for the relevant certification or report at
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/#certifications
, as may be
  updated by Google from time to time.
Customer Data
has the
  meaning given in the Agreement or, if no such meaning is given, has the
  meaning given to "Developer Data" in the Agreement, or if no such meaning is
  given, means data provided by or on behalf of Customer or Customer End Users
  via the Services (except TSS and any other support services, if applicable)
  under the Account.
Customer End Users
means the individuals
  who are permitted by Customer to use the Services. For clarity, Customer End
  Users may include employees of Customer Affiliates and other authorized third
  parties.
Customer Personal Data
means the personal data
  contained within the Customer Data, including any special categories of
  personal data defined under European Data Protection Law.
Customer SCCs
means the SCCs
(Controller-to-Processor), the SCCs (Processor-to-Processor), and/or the SCCs
(Processor-to-Controller), as applicable.
Data Incident
means a breach of Google's security leading to the
  accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure
  of, or access to, Customer Data on systems managed by or otherwise controlled
  by Google. "Data Incidents" will not include unsuccessful attempts or
  activities that do not compromise the security of Customer Data, including
  unsuccessful log-in attempts, pings, port scans, denial of service attacks,
  and other network attacks on firewalls or networked systems.
Data
  Transfer Solution
means a solution that enables the lawful transfer of
  personal data to a third country in accordance with European Data Protection
  Law, including the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the "Data
  Privacy Framework"), or another valid data protection framework recognized as
  providing adequate protection under Applicable Data Protection Law.
European Data Protection Law
means, as applicable: (a) the GDPR;
  and/or (b) the Swiss FDPA.
EEA
means the European Economic
  Area.
EU GDPR
means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European
  Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural
  persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free
  movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.
European
  Law
means, as applicable: (a) EU or EU Member State law (if the EU GDPR
  applies to the processing of Customer Personal Data); and (b) the law of the
  UK or a part of the UK (if the UK GDPR applies to the processing of Customer
  Personal Data).
GDPR
means, as
  applicable: (a) the EU GDPR; and/or (b) the UK GDPR.
Google's
  Third Party Auditor
means a Google-appointed, qualified and independent
  third party auditor, whose then-current identity Google will disclose to
  Customer.
Instructions
has the
  meaning given in Section 5.2.1 (Customer’s Instructions).
ISO 27001 Certification
means an ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification
  or a comparable certification for the Audited Services.
Non-European Data Protection Law
means data protection or privacy
  laws in effect outside the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK.
Notification Email Address
means the email address(es) designated
  by Customer in the Admin Console to receive certain notifications from Google.
  Customer is responsible for using the Admin Console to ensure that its
  Notification Email Address remains current and valid.
SCCs
means the Customer
  SCCs and/or SCCs (Processor-to-Processor, Google Exporter), as
  applicable.
SCCs (Controller-to-Processor)
means the terms at:
https://firebase.google.com/terms/firebase-sccs-eu-c2p
SCCs (Processor-to-Controller)
means the terms at:
https://firebase.google.com/terms/firebase-sccs-eu-p2c
SCCs (Processor-to-Processor)
means the terms at:
https://firebase.google.com/terms/firebase-sccs-eu-p2p
SCCs (Processor-to-Processor, Google Exporter)
means the terms at:
https://firebase.google.com/terms/firebase-sccs-eu-p2p-google-exporter
Security Documentation
means all documents and information made
  available by Google under Section 7.5.1 (Reviews of Security
  Documentation).
Security Measures
has the meaning given in
  Section 7.1.1 (Google's Security Measures).
Services
has the
  meaning given to "Paid Services", "APIs" or "Services" (as applicable) in the
  Agreement.
SOC 2 Report
means a confidential Service
  Organization Control (SOC) 2 report (or a comparable report) on Google's
  systems examining logical security controls, physical security controls, and
  system availability, as produced by Google's Third Party Auditor in relation
  to the Audited Services.
Subprocessor
means a third party
  authorized as another processor under these Terms to have logical access to
  and process Customer Data in order to provide parts of the Services and TSS
  (if applicable).
Supervisory Authority
means, as applicable:
  (a) a "supervisory authority" as defined in the EU GDPR; and/or (b) the
  "Commissioner" as defined in the UK GDPR and/or the Swiss FDPA.
Swiss FDPA
means, as
applicable, the Federal Data Protection Act of 19 June 1992 (Switzerland) (with
the Ordinance to the Federal Data Protection Act of 14 June 1993), or the
revised Federal Data Protection Act of 25 September 2020 (with the Ordinance to
the Federal Data Protection of 31 August 2022).
Term
means the period from the Terms Effective Date until the end
  of Google's provision of the Services, including, if applicable, any period
  during which provision of the Services may be suspended and any
  post-termination period during which Google may continue providing the
  Services for transitional purposes.
Terms Effective Date
means
  the date on which Customer accepted, or the parties otherwise agreed to, these
  Terms.
TSS
means technical support services that Google has agreed to
provide to Customer under an agreement that incorporates the Firebase Technical
Support Services Guide available at
https://cloud.google.com/terms/tssg/firebase/
.
UK GDPR
means the EU GDPR as amended and incorporated into UK law
  under the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, and applicable secondary
  legislation made under that Act.
2.2 The terms "personal data", "data subject", "processing", "controller",
and "processor" as used in these Terms have the meanings given in the GDPR,
irrespective of whether European Data Protection Law or Non-European Data
Protection Law applies.
2.3 The words "include" and "including" mean "including but not limited to".
Any examples in these Terms are illustrative and not the sole examples of a
particular concept.
2.4 Any reference to a legal framework, statute or other legislative
enactment is a reference to it as amended or re-enacted from time to time.
2.5 To the extent any translated version of these Terms is inconsistent with
the English version, the English version will govern.
3. Duration
Regardless of whether the Agreement has terminated or
expired, these Terms will remain in effect until, and automatically expire when
Google deletes all Customer Data as described in these Terms.
4. Scope of Data Protection Law
4.1
Application of European
Law
. The parties acknowledge that European Data Protection Law will apply to
the processing of Customer Personal Data, if, for example:
the processing is carried out in the context of the activities of an
  establishment of Customer in the territory of the EEA or the UK; and/or
the Customer Personal Data is personal data relating to data subjects who
  are in the EEA or the UK and the processing relates to the offering to them of
  goods or services in the EEA or the UK or the monitoring of their behaviour in
  the EEA or the UK.
4.2
Application of Non-European Law
. The parties acknowledge that
Non-European Data Protection Law may also apply to the processing of
Customer Personal Data.
4.3
Application of Terms
. Except to the extent these Terms state
otherwise, these Terms will apply irrespective of whether European Data
Protection Law or Non-European Data Protection Law applies to the processing of
Customer Personal Data.
5. Processing of Data
5.1
Roles and Regulatory Compliance;
Authorization
.
5.1.1
Processor and Controller
Responsibilities
. If European Data Protection Law applies to the processing
of Customer Personal Data:
the subject matter and details of the processing are described in Appendix
  1;
Google is a processor of that Customer Personal Data under
  European Data Protection Law;
Customer is a controller or processor,
  as applicable, of that Customer Personal Data under European Data Protection
  Law; and
each party will comply with the obligations applicable to it
  under European Data Protection Law with respect to the processing of that
  Customer Personal Data.
5.1.2
Processor Customers
.
If European Data Protection Law applies to the processing of Customer Personal
Data and Customer is a processor:
Customer warrants on an ongoing basis that the relevant controller has
 authorized: (i) the Instructions, (ii) Customer’s appointment of Google as
 another processor, and (iii) Google’s engagement of Subprocessors as described
 in Section 11 (Subprocessors);
Customer will immediately forward to the
 relevant controller any notice provided by Google under Sections 5.2.3
 (Instruction Notifications), 7.2.1 (Incident Notification), 9.2.1
 (Responsibility for Requests), 11.4 (Opportunity to Object to Subprocessor
 Changes) or that refers to any SCCs; and
Customer may:
request access for the relevant controller to the SOC 2 Report in
  accordance with Section 7.5.3(a); and
make available to the relevant
  controller any other information made available by Google under Sections 10.4
  (Supplementary Measures and Information), 10.3 (Data Centre Information) and
  11.2 (Information about Subprocessors).
5.1.3
Responsibilities under Non-European Law
. If Non-European Data
Protection Law applies to either party’s processing of Customer Personal Data,
the relevant party will comply with any obligations applicable to it under that
law with respect to the processing of that Customer Personal Data.
5.2
Scope of Processing
.
5.2.1
Customer's Instructions
.
Customer instructs Google to process Customer Personal Data in accordance with
applicable law only: (a) to provide, secure and monitor the Services and TSS (if
applicable); (b) as further specified via Customer's use of the Services
(including the Admin Console and other functionality of the Services) and TSS
(if applicable); (c) as documented in the form of the Agreement (including these
Terms); and (d) as further documented in any other written instructions given by
Customer and acknowledged by Google as constituting instructions for purposes of
these Terms (collectively, the "
Instructions
").
5.2.2
Google's Compliance with
Instructions
. Google will comply with the Instructions unless prohibited
by applicable laws, or such applicable laws require other processing.
5.2.3
Instruction Notifications
. Without
prejudice to Google’s obligations under Section 5.2.1 (Customer’s Instructions)
or any other rights or obligations of either party under the Agreement, Google
will immediately notify Customer if, in Google’s opinion, (a) European Law
prohibits Google from complying with an Instruction; (b) an Instruction does not
comply with European Data Protection Law; or (c) Google is otherwise unable to
comply with an Instruction, in each case unless such notice is prohibited by
European Law.
5.3
Additional Products
. If Customer uses any Additional Product, the
Services may allow that Additional Product to access Customer Personal Data as
required for the interoperation of the Additional Product with the Services. For
clarity, these Terms do not apply to the processing of personal data in
connection with the provision of any Additional Product used by Customer,
including personal data transmitted to or from that Additional Product. As
necessary, the parties will enter into separate data processing terms to address
how the Additional Product will process Customer Personal Data.
6. Data Deletion
6.1
Deletion by Customer
. Google will enable Customer to delete
Customer Data during the Term in a manner consistent with the functionality of
the Services. If Customer uses the Services to delete any Customer Data during
the Term and that Customer Data cannot be recovered by Customer, this use will
constitute an Instruction to Google to delete the relevant Customer Data from
Google's systems in accordance with applicable law. Google will comply with this
Instruction as soon as reasonably practicable and within a maximum period of 180
days, unless applicable law requires storage.
6.2
Return or Deletion at the end of
the Term
. If Customer wishes to retain any Customer Data after the end of
the Term, it may instruct Google in accordance with Section 9.1 (Access;
Rectification; Restricted Processing; Portability) to return that data during
the Term. Customer instructs Google to delete all remaining Customer Data
(including existing copies) from Google’s systems at the end of the Term in
accordance with applicable law. After a recovery period of up to 30 days from
that date, Google will comply with this Instruction as soon as reasonably
practicable and within a maximum period of 180 days, unless applicable law
requires storage.
7. Data Security
7.1
Google's Security Measures, Controls and Assistance
.
7.1.1
Google's Security Measures
. Google will implement and maintain
technical, organizational and physical measures to protect Customer Data against
accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or
access as described in Appendix 2 (the "
Security Measures
"). The Security
Measures include measures to encrypt personal data; to help ensure ongoing
confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of Google's systems and
services; to help restore timely access to personal data following an incident;
and for regular testing of effectiveness. Google may update the Security
Measures from time to time, provided that such updates do not result in the
degradation of the overall security of the security of the Services.
7.1.2
Access and Compliance
.
Google will (a) authorize its employees, contractors and Subprocessors to access
Customer Personal Data only as strictly necessary to comply with Instructions;
(b) take appropriate steps to ensure compliance with the Security Measures by
its employees, contractors and Subprocessors to the extent applicable to their
scope of performance and (c) ensure that all persons authorized to process
Customer Personal Data are under an obligation of confidentiality.
7.1.3
Additional Security Controls
. Google will make Additional
Security Controls available to: (a) allow Customer to take steps to secure
Customer Data; and (b) provide Customer with information about securing,
accessing and using Customer Data.
7.1.4
Google's Security Assistance
. Google will (taking into account
the nature of the processing of Customer Personal Data and the information
available to Google) assist Customer in ensuring compliance with its (or, where
Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s) obligations under Applicable
Data Protection Law, by:
implementing and maintaining the Security Measures in accordance with Section 7.1.1 (Google's Security Measures);
making Additional Security Controls available to Customer in accordance with Section 7.1.3 (Additional Security Controls);
complying with the terms of Section 7.2 (Data Incidents); and
providing Customer with the Security Documentation in accordance with Section 7.5.1 (Reviews of Security Documentation) and the information contained in the Agreement (including these Terms).
7.2.
Data Incidents
.
7.2.1
Incident Notification
. If Google becomes aware of a Data
Incident, Google will notify Customer promptly and without undue delay, and
promptly take reasonable steps to minimize harm and secure Customer Data.
7.2.2
Details of Data Incident
. Google’s notification of a Data Incident will describe: the nature of the Data Incident including the Customer resources impacted; the measures Google has taken, or plans to take, to address the Data Incident and mitigate its potential risk; the measures, if any, Google recommends that Customer take to address the Data Incident; and details of a contact point where more information can be obtained. If it is not possible to provide all such information at the same time, Google’s initial notification will contain the information then available and further information will be provided without undue delay as it becomes available.
7.2.3
Delivery of Notification
. Notification(s) of any Data Incident(s) will be delivered to the Notification Email Address or, at Google's discretion, by direct communication (for example, by phone call or an in-person meeting).  Customer is solely responsible for ensuring that the Notification Email Address is current and valid.
7.2.4
No Assessment of Customer Data by Google
. Google has no obligation to assess Customer Data in order to identify information subject to any specific legal requirements.
7.2.5
No Acknowledgement of Fault by Google
. Google's notification of or response to a Data Incident under this Section 7.2 (Data Incidents) will not be construed as an acknowledgement by Google of any fault or liability with respect to the Data Incident.
7.2.6
Third Party Notifications
. Customer is solely responsible for
complying with incident notification laws applicable to Customer and fulfilling
any third-party notification obligations related to any Data Incident.
7.3
Customer's Security Responsibilities and Assessment
.
7.3.1
Customer's Security
Responsibilities
. Without prejudice to Google's obligations under
Sections 7.1 (Google's Security Measures, Controls and Assistance) and 7.2 (Data
Incidents), and elsewhere in the Agreement, Customer is responsible for its use
of the Services, including:
using the Services and Additional Security Controls to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk to the Customer Data;
securing the account authentication credentials, systems and devices Customer uses to access the Services; and
backing up or retaining copies of its Customer Data as appropriate.
Google has no obligation to protect Customer Data that Customer elects to
store or transfer outside of Google's and its Subprocessors' systems.
7.3.2
Customer's Security
Assessment
. Customer agrees that the Services, Security Measures
implemented and maintained by Google, Additional Security Controls and Google’s
commitments under this Section 7 (Data Security) provide a level of security
appropriate to the risk to Customer Data (taking into account the state of the
art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of
the processing of Customer Personal Data as well as the risks to individuals).
7.4
Security Certifications
and Reports
. Google will maintain at least the following in order to
evaluate the continued effectiveness of the Security Measures: (a) the ISO 27001
Certification; and (b) the SOC 2 Report, based on an audit performed at least
once every 18 months. Google may add standards at any time. Google may replace
the ISO 27001 Certification or the SOC 2 Report with an equivalent or enhanced
alternative.
7.5
Reviews and
Audits of Compliance
.
7.5.1
Reviews of Security Documentation
.
Google will make the ISO 27001 Certification and the then-current SOC 2 Report
available for review by Customer to demonstrate compliance by Google with its
obligations under these Terms.
7.5.2
Customer's Audit Rights
. To
demonstrate compliance by Google with its obligations under these Terms, and to
assist Customer in verifying Google's compliance with (i) Customer's
Instructions; (ii) its obligations under these Terms; and (iii) its obligations
under Applicable Data Protection Law, Google will:
make the Security Documentation available for review by Customer;
provide the information contained in these Terms; and
provide or
otherwise make available, in accordance with Google's standard practices, other
materials concerning the nature of the Processor Services and the processing of
Customer Personal Data (for example, help center materials). Customer may also
verify Google's compliance with its obligations under these Terms by reviewing
the certificate issued for the ISO 27001 Certification (which reflects the
outcome of an audit conducted by a third party auditor).
7.5.3
Additional Business Terms for Reviews and Audits
.
Customer must send any requests for reviews of the SOC 2 Report under Section 5.1.2(c)(i) or 7.5.1, or any audits under Section 7.5.2(a) or 7.5.2(b), via
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/dpo
as described in Section 12 (Firebase Data Protection Team; Processing Records).
Following receipt by Google of a request under Section 7.5.3(a), Google and Customer will discuss and agree in advance on: (i) the reasonable date(s) of and security and confidentiality controls applicable to any review of the SOC 2 Report under Section 5.1.2(c)(i) or 7.5.1; and (ii) the reasonable start date, scope and duration of and security and confidentiality controls applicable to any audit under Section 7.5.2(a) or 7.5.2(b).
Google may charge a fee (based on Google's reasonable costs) for any audit under Section 7.5.2(a) or 7.5.2(b). Google will provide Customer with further details of any applicable fee, and the basis of its calculation, in advance of any such audit. Customer will be responsible for any fees charged by any auditor appointed by Customer to execute any such audit.
Google may object in writing to an auditor appointed by Customer to conduct any audit under Section 7.5.2(a) or 7.5.2(b) if the auditor is, in Google's reasonable opinion, not suitably qualified or independent, a competitor of Google, or otherwise manifestly unsuitable. Any such objection by Google will require Customer to appoint another auditor or conduct the audit itself.
Nothing in these Terms will require Google either to disclose to Customer or its third party auditor, or to allow Customer or its third party auditor to access:
any data of any other customer of Google or its Affiliates;
Google or
 its Affiliates' internal accounting or financial information;
any trade
 secret of Google or its Affiliates;
any information that, in Google's
 reasonable opinion, could: (A) compromise the security of any of Google or its
 Affiliates' systems or premises; or (B) cause Google or its Affiliates to
 breach obligations under European Data Protection Law or its security and/or
 privacy obligations to Customer or any third party; or
any information that
 Customer or its third party auditor seeks to access for any reason other than
 the good faith fulfillment of Customer's obligations under European Data
 Protection Law.
8. Impact Assessments and Consultations
Google will (taking into account the nature of the processing and the information available to Google) assist Customer in ensuring compliance with its (or, where Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s) obligations under Articles 35 and 36 of the GDPR, by:
providing Additional Security Controls in accordance with Section 7.1.3 (Additional Security Controls) and the Security Documentation in accordance with Section 7.5.1 (Reviews of Security Documentation);
providing the information contained in the Agreement including these Terms; and
providing or otherwise making available, in accordance with Google’s standard practices, other materials concerning the nature of the Services and the processing of Customer Personal Data (for example, help center materials).
9. Access etc.; Data Subject Rights; Data Export
9.1
Access; Rectification;
Restricted Processing; Portability
. During the Term, Google will enable
Customer, in a manner consistent with the functionality of the Services, to
access, rectify and restrict processing of Customer Data, including via the
deletion functionality provided by Google as described in Section 6.1 (Deletion
by Customer), and to export Customer Data. If Customer becomes aware that any
Customer Personal Data is inaccurate or outdated, Customer will be responsible
for using such functionality to rectify or delete that data if required by
Applicable Data Protection Law.
9.2
Data Subject Requests
.
9.2.1
Responsibility for
Requests
. During the Term, if Google receives a request from a data
subject via
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/dpo
that relates to Customer Personal Data and identifies Customer, Google will (a)
advise the data subject to submit their request to Customer, (b) promptly notify
Customer of the data subject’s request, provided the data subject has identified
Customer; and (c) not otherwise respond to that data subject’s request without
authorization from Customer. Customer will be responsible for responding to any
such request including, where necessary, by using the functionality of the
Services.
9.2.2
Google's Data Subject Request Assistance
. Google will (taking into account the nature of the processing of Customer Personal Data) assist Customer in fulfilling its (or, where Customer is a processor, the relevant controller’s) obligations under Chapter III of the GDPR to respond to requests for exercising the data subject's rights by:
providing Additional Security Controls in accordance with Section 7.1.3 (Additional Security Controls);
complying with Sections 9.1 (Access; Rectification; Restricted Processing; Portability) and 9.2.1 (Responsibility for Requests); and
providing the functionality of the Services.
10. Data Transfers
10.1
Data Storage and Processing Facilities
. Subject to Google’s data
location commitments in the Agreement (if applicable) and to the remainder of
this Section 10 (Data Transfers), Customer Data may be processed in any country
in which Google or its Subprocessors maintain facilities.
10.2
Restricted European Transfers
. The
parties acknowledge that European Data Protection Law does not require SCCs or a
Data Transfer Solution in order for Customer Personal Data to be processed in or
transferred to an Adequate Country. If Customer Personal Data is transferred to
any other country, and European Data Protection Law applies to the transfers
("
Restricted European
Transfers
"), then:
the parties acknowledge that Google has adopted a Data Transfer Solution for
any Restricted European Transfer, and the parties will ensure that such
Restricted European Transfer is made in accordance with that solution; and/or
if a Data Transfer Solution is not available, then:
if Google’s address is in an Adequate Country:
the SCCs (Processor-to-Processor, Google Exporter) will apply with respect to such Restricted European Transfers from Google to Subprocessors; and
in addition, if Customer’s address is not in an Adequate Country, the
   SCCs (Processor-to-Controller) will apply with respect to Restricted European
   Transfers between Google and Customer (regardless of whether Customer is a
   controller and/or processor); or
if Google’s address is not in an Adequate Country, the SCCs (Controller-to-Processor) and/or SCCs (Processor-to-Processor) will apply (according to whether Customer is a controller and/or processor) with respect to such Restricted European Transfers between Customer and Google.
10.3
Data Centre
Information
. Information about the locations of Google data centers is
available at:
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
(as may be updated by Google from time to time).
10.4
Supplementary Measures and
Information
. Without prejudice to any further supplementary measures and
information Google may provide to Customer from time to time, Google will
provide Customer with information relevant to Restricted European Transfers,
including information about Additional Security Controls and other supplementary
measures to protect Customer Personal Data:
as described in Section 7.5.1 (Reviews of Security Documentation);
in the documentation for the Services, available at
https://firebase.google.com/docs
; and
in the Firebase Privacy and Security website, available at
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
.
10.5
Termination
. If
Customer concludes, based on its current or intended use of the Services, that
the Data Transfer Solution and/or SCCs, as applicable, do not provide
appropriate safeguards for Customer Personal Data, then Customer may immediately
terminate the Agreement for convenience by notifying Google in writing.
10.6
Data Transfer Solution
Adoption and Certification
. Information about Google and/or its
Affiliates' adoption of, or certification under, a Data Transfer Solution can be
found at https://policies.google.com/privacy/frameworks. The parties acknowledge
that Google has certified under the Data Privacy Framework on behalf of itself
and certain wholly-owned US subsidiaries. Google's certification is available at
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov. The Data Privacy Framework will apply to
any Restricted European Transfer to a certified Google entity in the US.
11. Subprocessors
11.1
Consent to Subprocessor Engagement
. Customer specifically authorizes the engagement as Subprocessors of those entities listed as of the Terms Effective Date at the URL specified in Section 11.2 (Information about Subprocessors). In addition, without prejudice to Section 11.4 (Opportunity to Object to Subprocessor Changes), Customer generally authorizes the engagement of any other third parties as Subprocessors  ("
New Subprocessors
").
11.2
Information about Subprocessors
. Information about Subprocessors, including their names, locations and activities, is available at:
https://firebase.google.com/terms/subprocessors
(as may be updated by Google from time to time in accordance with these Terms).
11.3
Requirements for Subprocessor Engagement
.  When engaging any Subprocessor, Google will:
ensure via a written contract that:
the Subprocessor only accesses and uses Customer Data to the extent required to perform the obligations subcontracted to it, and does so in accordance with the Agreement (including these Terms); and
if the processing of Customer Personal Data is subject to European Data Protection Law, the data protection obligations described in these Terms (as referred to in Article 28(3) of the GDPR, if applicable) are imposed on the Subprocessor; and
remain fully liable for all obligations subcontracted to, and all acts and omissions of, the Subprocessor.
11.4
Opportunity to Object to Subprocessor Changes
.
When any New Subprocessor is engaged during the Term, Google will, at least 30 days before the New Subprocessor starts processing any Customer Data, notify Customer of the engagement (including the name, location and activities of the New Subprocessor).
Customer may, within 90 days after being notified of the engagement of a New Subprocessor, object by immediately terminating the Agreement for convenience by notifying Google.
12. Firebase Data Protection Team; Processing Records
12.1
Google's Representative
. Customer may contact a Google representative in relation to the exercise of its rights under these Terms via the methods described at
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/dpo
(and/or via such other means as Google may provide from time to time). Such representative will provide prompt and reasonable assistance with any Customer queries related to processing of Customer Personal Data under the Agreement.
12.2
Google's Processing Records
. Google will keep appropriate
documentation of its processing activities as required by Applicable Data
Protection Law. Customer acknowledges that Google is required under the GDPR to:
(a) collect and maintain records of certain information, including (i) the name
and contact details of each processor and/or controller on behalf of which
Google is acting and (if applicable) of such processor's or controller's local
representative and data protection officer, (ii) if applicable under the
Customer SCCs, Customer’s Supervisory Authority; and (b) make such information
available to the Supervisory Authorities. Accordingly Customer will, where
requested and as applicable to Customer, provide such information to Google via
the Admin Console or via such other means as may be provided by Google, and will
use the Admin Console or such other means to ensure that all information
provided is kept accurate and up-to-date.
12.3
Controller Requests
. During the Term, if Google receives a request or instruction via the methods described in Section 12.1 (Google’s Representative), or any other method, from a third party purporting to be a controller of Customer Personal Data, Google will advise the third party to contact Customer.
13. Liability
13.1
Liability Cap
. If the Agreement is governed by the laws of:
a state of the United States of America, then, notwithstanding anything else in the Agreement, the total liability of either party towards the other party under or in connection with these Terms will be limited to the maximum monetary or payment-based amount at which that party's liability is capped under the Agreement (and therefore, any exclusion of indemnification claims from the Agreement's limitation of liability will not apply to indemnification claims under the Agreement relating to European Data Protection Law or Non-European Data Protection Law); or
a jurisdiction that is not a state of the United States of America, then the liability of the parties under or in connection with these Terms will be subject to the exclusions and limitations of liability in the Agreement.
14. Interpretation
14.1
Order of Precedence
. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Agreement, to the extent of any conflict or
inconsistency between:
these Terms and the remainder of the Agreement, these Terms will prevail; and
any Customer SCCs (which are incorporated by reference into these Terms) and the remainder of the Agreement (including these Terms), the Customer SCCs will prevail.
14.3
No Modification of
SCCs
. Nothing in the Agreement (including these Terms) is intended to
modify or contradict any SCCs or prejudice the fundamental rights or freedoms of
data subjects under European Data Protection Law.
14.4
Changes to SCCs
. Google
may only change the SCCs in accordance with Section 15 (Changes to these Terms)
or to incorporate any new version of the SCCs that may be adopted under the
European Data Protection Law, in each case in a manner that does not affect the
validity of the SCCs under the European Data Protection Law.
15. Changes to these Terms
15.1
Changes to URLs
. From time to time, Google may change any URL referenced in these Terms and the content at any such URL, except that Google may only change the SCCs in accordance with Sections 15.2(b) - 15.2(d) (Changes to these Terms) or to incorporate any new version of the SCCs that may be adopted under European Data Protection Law, in each case in a manner that does not affect the validity of the SCCs under European Data Protection Law.
15.2
Changes to these Terms
. Google may change these Terms if the change:
is expressly permitted by these Terms, including as described in Section
  15.1 (Changes to URLs);
reflects a change in the name or form of a
  legal entity;
is required to comply with applicable law, applicable
  regulation, a court order or guidance issued by a governmental regulator or
  agency, or reflects Google’s adoption of a Data Transfer Solution; or
does not: (i) result in a material reduction of the security of the
  Services; (ii) expand the scope of, or remove any restrictions on, Google's
  processing of Customer Personal Data, as described in Section 5.2 (Scope of
  Processing); and (iii) otherwise have a material adverse impact on Customer's
  rights under these Terms, as reasonably determined by Google.
15.3
Notification of Changes
. If Google makes a material change to these Terms in accordance with Section 15(c) or (d), Google will post the change at the webpage containing the Terms. If Customer does not agree to the revised Terms, Customer may immediately terminate the Agreement for convenience by giving written notice to Google within 90 days of Google posting such change.
Appendix 1: Subject Matter and Details of the Data Processing
Subject Matter
Google's provision of the Services and TSS (if applicable) to Customer.
Duration of the Processing
The Term plus the period from the end of the Term until deletion of all Customer Data by Google in accordance with these Terms.
Nature and Purpose of the Processing
Google will process Customer Data for the purposes of providing the Services and TSS (if applicable) to Customer in accordance with these Terms.
Categories of Data
Data relating to individuals provided to Google via the Services, by (or at the direction of) Customer or by Customer End Users.
Data Subjects
Data subjects include the individuals about whom data is provided to Google via the Services by (or at the direction of) Customer or by Customer End Users.
Appendix 2: Security Measures
As from the Terms Effective Date, Google will implement and maintain the Security Measures described in this Appendix 2.
1. Data Center and Network Security
(a) Data Centers.
Infrastructure
. Google maintains geographically distributed data centers. Google stores all production data in physically secure data centers.
Redundancy
. Infrastructure systems have been designed to eliminate single points of failure and minimize the impact of anticipated environmental risks. Dual circuits, switches, networks or other necessary devices help provide this redundancy. The Services are designed to allow Google to perform certain types of preventative and corrective maintenance without interruption. All environmental equipment and facilities have documented preventative maintenance procedures that detail the process for and frequency of performance in accordance with the manufacturer's or internal specifications. Preventative and corrective maintenance of the data center equipment is scheduled through a standard change process according to documented procedures.
Power
. The data center electrical power systems are designed to be redundant and maintainable without impact to continuous operations, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. In most cases, a primary as well as an alternate power source, each with equal capacity, is provided for critical infrastructure components in the data center. Backup power is provided by various mechanisms such as uninterruptible power supplies (UPS) batteries, which supply consistently reliable power protection during utility brownouts, blackouts, over voltage, under voltage, and out-of-tolerance frequency conditions. If utility power is interrupted, backup power is designed to provide transitory power to the data center, at full capacity, for up to 10 minutes until the backup generator systems take over. The backup generators are capable of automatically starting up within seconds to provide enough emergency electrical power to run the data center at full capacity typically for a period of days.
Server Operating Systems
. Google servers use a Linux based implementation customized for the application environment. Data is stored using proprietary algorithms to augment data security and redundancy. Google employs a code review process to increase the security of the code used to provide the Services and enhance the security of products in production environments.
Businesses Continuity
. Google replicates data over multiple systems to help to protect against accidental destruction or loss. Google has designed and regularly plans and tests its business continuity planning/disaster recovery programs.
(b) Networks and Transmission.
Data Transmission
. Data centers are typically connected via high-speed private links to provide secure and fast data transfer between data centers. This is designed to prevent data from being read, copied, altered or removed without authorization during electronic transfer or transport or while being recorded onto data storage media. Google transfers data via Internet standard protocols.
External Attack Surface
. Google employs multiple layers of network devices and intrusion detection to protect its external attack surface. Google considers potential attack vectors and incorporates appropriate purpose built technologies into external facing systems.
Intrusion Detection
. Intrusion detection is intended to provide insight into ongoing attack activities and provide adequate information to respond to incidents. Google's intrusion detection involves:
tightly controlling the size and make-up of Google's attack surface through preventative measures;
employing intelligent detection controls at data entry points; and
employing technologies that automatically remedy certain dangerous situations.
Incident Response
. Google monitors a variety of communication channels for security incidents, and Google's security personnel will react promptly to known incidents.
Encryption Technologies
. Google makes HTTPS encryption (also referred to as SSL or TLS connection) available. Google servers support ephemeral elliptic curve Diffie-Hellman cryptographic key exchange signed with RSA and ECDSA. These perfect forward secrecy (PFS) methods help protect traffic and minimize the impact of a compromised key, or a cryptographic breakthrough.
2. Access and Site Controls
a. Site Controls.
On-site Data Center Security Operation
. Google's data centers maintain an on-site security operation responsible for all physical data center security functions 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The on-site security operation personnel monitor closed circuit TV (CCTV) cameras and all alarm systems. On-site security operation personnel perform internal and external patrols of the data center regularly.
Data Center Access Procedures
. Google maintains formal access procedures for allowing physical access to the data centers. The data centers are housed in facilities that require electronic card key access, with alarms that are linked to the on-site security operation. All entrants to the data center are required to identify themselves as well as show proof of identity to on-site security operations. Only authorized employees, contractors and visitors are allowed entry to the data centers. Only authorized employees and contractors are permitted to request electronic card key access to these facilities. Data center electronic card key access requests must be made through e-mail, and require the approval of the requestor's manager and the data center director. All other entrants requiring temporary data center access must: (i) obtain approval in advance from the data center managers for the specific data center and internal areas they wish to visit; (ii) sign in at on-site security operations; and (iii) reference an approved data center access record identifying the individual as approved.
On-site Data Center Security Devices
. Google's data centers employ a
dual authentication access control system that is linked to a system alarm. The
access control system monitors and records each individual's electronic card key
and when they access perimeter doors, shipping and receiving, and other critical
areas. Unauthorized activity and failed access attempts are logged by the access
control system and investigated, as appropriate. Authorized access throughout
the business operations and data centers is restricted based on zones and the
individual's job responsibilities. The fire doors at the data centers are
alarmed. CCTV cameras are in operation both inside and outside the data centers.
The positioning of the cameras has been designed to cover strategic areas
including, among others, the perimeter, doors to the data center building, and
shipping/receiving. On-site security operations personnel manage the CCTV
monitoring, recording and control equipment. Secure cables throughout the data
centers connect the CCTV equipment. Cameras record on site via digital video
recorders 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The surveillance records are retained
for up to 30 days based on activity.
b. Access Control.
Infrastructure Security Personnel
. Google has, and maintains, a
security policy for its personnel, and requires security training as part of the
training package for its personnel. Google's infrastructure security personnel
are responsible for the ongoing monitoring of Google's security infrastructure,
the review of the Services, and responding to security incidents.
Access Control and Privilege Management
. Customer's administrators
and Customer End Users must authenticate themselves via a central authentication
system or via a single sign on system in order to administer the Services.
Internal Data Access Processes and Policies – Access Policy
. Google's
internal data access processes and policies are designed to prevent unauthorized
persons and/or systems from gaining access to systems used to process Customer
Personal Data. Google designs its systems to (i) only allow authorized persons
to access data they are authorized to access; and (ii) ensure that Customer
Personal Data cannot be read, copied, altered or removed without authorization
during processing, use and after recording. The systems are designed to detect
any inappropriate access. Google employs a centralized access management system
to control personnel access to production servers, and only provides access to a
limited number of authorized personnel. Google's authentication and
authorization systems utilize SSH certificates and security keys, and are
designed to provide Google with secure and flexible access mechanisms. These
mechanisms are designed to grant only approved access rights to site hosts,
logs, data and configuration information. Google requires the use of unique user
IDs, strong passwords, two factor authentication and carefully monitored access
lists to minimize the potential for unauthorized account use. The granting or
modification of access rights is based on: the authorized personnel's job
responsibilities; job duty requirements necessary to perform authorized tasks;
and a need to know basis. The granting or modification of access rights must
also be in accordance with Google's internal data access policies and training.
Where passwords are employed for authentication (e.g., login to workstations),
password policies that follow at least industry standard practices are
implemented. These standards include restrictions on password reuse and
sufficient password strength. For access to extremely sensitive information,
Google uses hardware tokens.
3. Data
a. Data Storage, Isolation and Logging. Google stores data in a multi-tenant
environment on Google-owned servers. Google also logically isolates the
Customer's data. Customer will be given control over specific data sharing
policies. Those policies, in accordance with the functionality of the Services,
will enable Customer to determine the product sharing settings applicable to
Customer End Users for specific purposes. Customer may choose to use logging
functionality that Google may make available via the Services.
b. Decommissioned Disks and Disk Erase Policy. Disks containing data may
experience performance issues, errors or hardware failure that lead them to be
decommissioned ("Decommissioned Disk"). Every Decommissioned Disk is subject to
a series of data destruction processes (the "Disk Erase Policy") before leaving
Google's premises either for reuse or destruction. Decommissioned Disks are
erased in a multi-step process and verified complete by at least two independent
validators. The erase results are logged by the Decommissioned Disk's serial
number for tracking. Finally, the erased Decommissioned Disk is released to
inventory for reuse and redeployment. If, due to hardware failure, the
Decommissioned Disk cannot be erased, it is securely stored until it can be
destroyed. Each facility is audited regularly to monitor compliance with the
Disk Erase Policy.
4. Personnel Security
Google personnel are required to conduct themselves in a manner consistent
with the company's guidelines regarding confidentiality, business ethics,
appropriate usage, and professional standards. Google conducts reasonably
appropriate background checks to the extent legally permissible and in
accordance with applicable local labor law and statutory regulations.
Personnel are required to execute a confidentiality agreement and must
acknowledge receipt of, and compliance with, Google's confidentiality and
privacy policies. Personnel are provided with security training. Personnel
handling Customer Data are required to complete additional requirements
appropriate to their role (eg., certifications). Google's personnel will not
process Customer Data without authorization.
5. Subprocessor Security
Before onboarding Subprocessors, Google conducts an audit of the security and
privacy practices of Subprocessors to ensure Subprocessors provide a level of
security and privacy appropriate to their access to data and the scope of the
services they are engaged to provide. Once Google has assessed the risks
presented by the Subprocessor, then subject to the requirements described in
Section 11.3 (Requirements for Subprocessor Engagement) of these Terms, the
Subprocessor is required to enter into appropriate security, confidentiality and
privacy contract terms.
Appendix 3: Additional Terms for Non-European Data Protection Law
The following Additional Terms for Non-European Data Protection Law supplement
these Data Processing Terms:
U.S. State Privacy Laws Addendum at
terms/usa-privacy-addendum
Previous versions
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
June 01, 2023
September 21, 2022
September 27, 2021
August 12, 2020
January 31, 2020
June 20, 2019
April 09, 2018
Crashlytics Data Processing and Security Terms
September 21, 2022
September 27, 2021
August 12, 2020
January 31, 2020
September 23, 2019
June 20, 2019
March 27, 2018
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Info
Chat
Sub-policy 5
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .
NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Data storage and processing locations
Security information
Data encryption
Security practices
Firebase Service Data
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Info
Chat
Sub-policy 6
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps