This privacy policy governs your use of the software
Stellarium Mobile
,
Stellarium Mobile Plus
and
Stellarium VR
(“Application”) for mobile devices or VR headsets that was created by Noctua Software Ltd.
Last updated: 2023 December 13
Automatically Collected Information
The application does not automatically collect any personal information.  We do not show ads or use any analytic system that would require sending information from the application to our servers or third party servers.
If you contact us by email (directly or from within the application), we may collect your email and any information you sent us.  This will be used to reply to your query.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
When you visit the application, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the city you are located within and display a location map with relevant advertisements.  We do not collect or share your current location with other users or partners.
Other permissions
In addition of the location, the application might ask for bluetooth connection permissions when using the telescope control feature.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request
if Noctua Software Ltd is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at
contact@noctua-software.com
and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
contact@noctua-software.com
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
contact@noctua-software.com
.