Privacy Policy
1- General
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) details the personal data (“Z American English”, “we”, “us” or “our”) receives about you, how we process it and your rights and obligations in relation to your personal data. Z American English, a company registered in Hong Kong and Egypt, is the data controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and any relevant local legislation (“Data Protection Laws”). By using or accessing the Service, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may update our Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we do this and the changes are material, we will post a notice that we have made changes to this Privacy Policy on the Website for at least 7 days before the changes are made, and we will indicate the date these terms were last revised at the bottom of the Privacy Policy. Any revisions to this Privacy Policy will become effective at the end of that 7 day period. If you are an employee, worker or contractor of Z American English, the information about how we handle your personal information is available in the Z American English internal knowledge base. .
2- Information We Collect
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and share your personal data. Information you provide Through the registration process, you will provide us with your name, e-mail address , and age or date of birth. You will also provide us with your payment transaction information if you choose to pay for Z American English services. Activity Data When you use the Service, you will submit information and content to your profile. We will also generate data about your use of our Services including your engagement in educational activities on the Service, or your sending of messages and otherwise transmitting information to other users (“Activity Data”). We also collect technical data about how you interact with our Services
Third Party Data
We also collect information about you from third parties.
3- Information Obtained by Third Parties
To support and enhance the Service, we work with a variety of third party advertising networks, marketing analytics service providers and website analysis firms, such as Google, Facebook, Appodeal, and Unity (collectively, “Third Party Advertising Service Providers”). These Third Party Advertising Service Providers collect and use personal data about your visits to and use of the Website and mobile Application, as well as other websites in order to serve you with advertisements and content tailored to meet your preferences and likely interests or better understand ad effectiveness. Aggregate demographic and interest data will also be used for market research purposes.
4- Use of information obtained by Z American English
Z American English may occasionally send you service related and product change announcements through the general operation of the Service. We will send you reminder notifications to support the Z American English teaching methodology by reinforcing the learning cadence and help maintain your learning streak. We process your data to help provide you with the Service and offer personalized features, to understand and improve our Service and to keep our Service safe and secure. Z American English may use or share anonymous data collected through the Service, including Activity Data without limitation. As a business, it is critical that we perform our contract with you with the best service possible, and it is in our legitimate interests to perform these processing functions and to enable service emails by default to keep your data secure and provide our Service. You may opt out of any non-essential service emails at any time. We may also use your contact information to send you notifications regarding new services, offers and promotions offered by Z American English if you affirmatively consent to receive such communications.
5- Sharing your personal data with third parties
Z American English shares your personal data only when it is necessary to offer the Service, legally required, or permitted by you. We will provide personal data to hosting providers such as Amazon Web Services, search engine providers such as Google, analytics providers such as Crashlytics, and support providers such as ZenDesk. These data processors help us bring you the Service. For example, we may share your information in order to detect where or how you encountered a bug when using our mobile application. In connection with these operations, our service providers will have access to personal data for a limited time. When we utilize service providers for processing any personal data, we implement contractual protections limiting the use of that personal data to the provision of services to Z American English. We will be required to access and disclose personal data in response to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. Additionally, we will access and share accounts or other personal data when we believe it is necessary to comply with law, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Service or using the Z American English name, or to prevent imminent harm. This will include accessing and sharing personal data with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies