We use cookies to improve usability and personalize your experience. Is that OK?
Reject All
Accept Cookies
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our privacy practices regarding the use of the software application Pera Wallet (“Application”) for mobile devices property of Pera Wallet, Lda. (Pera Wallet”, “we”, “us”, “our”), legal person no. 516751557, with registered office at Rua João Saraiva, 38, 1700-051, Alvalade, Lisboa, Portugal.
1. How does the Application use private keys?
The Application uses the private keys solely for the purpose of signing transactions. These keys are stored locally on your mobile device and Pera Wallet will have no access to them.
2. What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
The Application does not collect, transmit or otherwise process any personally identifiable information or personal data about you, such as your name, phone number, private key, or email address (“Information”).
The Application does allow you to save a list of “Contacts” for ease of transaction. Each “Contact” consists of a name and a public key. This information is only stored locally on your device and Pera Wallet will have no access to it.
The Application does collect certain diagnostic data (“Diagnostic Data”) automatically which helps associate crash data with specific instances of the Application. The following Diagnostic Data is collected by Crashlytics (Fabric, a Google LLC company), and retained for 90 days, in accordance with the Crashlytics privacy policy:
Installation UUID (Universally Unique Identifier)
Crash traces
The Application also collects certain usage analytics data (“Analytics Data”) using Google Analytics (formerly known as Firebase Analytics), a mobile application analytics service provided by Google LLC, that helps us analyze how users user the Application and enhance your experience using the Application. More detail on the types of Analytics Data collected can be found here. For more information on how Google uses the Analytics Data, please visit Google’s partner sites privacy policy.
We will have access to the Diagnostic Data and the Analytics Data, however we will not be able to identify you from the information. We take commercially reasonable steps to ensure Crashlytics and Google Analytics adhere to the Security standards we apply to Diagnostic Data and Analytics Data (see section 7 below).
3. With Whom Information Is Disclosed?
Except for Diagnostic Data and Analytics Data (see section 2 above), no personal information is transmitted or distributed by the Application.
4. How do we handle location data?
Except for Analytics Data, the Application does not use or collect any data related to your geographic location.
5. Can users see their personal data?
Yes. The data can only be accessed via the mobile device as it is only stored locally and not transmitted from the device (see section 2 above).
6. Do advertising companies collect data?
No user data is shared with any company that uses or shares the user data for advertising purposes.
7. How do we keep information secure?
Although we implement commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect Diagnostic Data and Analytics Data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, please be aware that you use the Application at your own risk.
8. Do you comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)?
Yes. We do not solicit nor gather any data from children under the age of 13 because the Application does not collect or transmit any personally identifiable information (see section 2 above).
9. How Users Can Contact Pera Wallet?
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Application, please feel free to contact us at
legal@perawallet.app
.
This Privacy Policy was last updated in November 2024.
Keep up with the latest
Subscribe to our newsletter to get the latest Pera Wallet news.
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribed!
Subscribe
Something went wrong! Please try again later.
You’re subscribed! Stay tuned for updates (
change
).
Scan the QR Code to download Pera Wallet
Your Algorand journey starts here
Download APK File