PRIVACY POLICY
Ninja VPN is committed to protecting your digital privacy. We want our customers to understand what limited information we collect and what may happen to that information while using any of the Ninja VPN Services.
This Privacy Policy explains the privacy rules applicable to all information collected or submitted when you access or use the Ninja VPN Services. It is an integral part of the Ninja VPN Terms of Service and is deemed to be a consent to be bound by all services that offered by Ninja VPN application.
Types of Information We Collect
We collect only the minimal data required to operate our VPN service at scale. Some information is however necessary for technical functioning. Types of information we keep and the purpose we store it is explained in details below.
• Account Information
Anyone may browse our website, install our applications without signing up for our Services, however the functionality of the Ninja VPN Services will be very limited or absent. For the engagement of a full functionality of our Services, a user account is needed.
When a user creates or reconfigures an Account, we collect this e-mail address provided by the user, and any other personal or preference information that are elected to provide to us. Ninja VPN only uses this email address to inform user to payment transactions, password changes, as well as updates.
• Operational Data
We also collect and stores "Operational Data" required to operate our Services. This is the data that we collect and store when connected to and using our service network. Operational data include Ninja VPN App version as well as App crash issue, this data is used for user support, troubleshooting, product planning, and network demand planning.
• Billing Information
In order to collect payment for the use of our Service, we will direct user to perform payment through one of the Third-Party Payment Processors we work with. The Third-Party Payment Processor of our users’ choice will provide us with, and we shall then store, the date on which the payment is made and the date that a Subscription Plan will expire.
We will collect Order ID Number in order to link your order to your User Account. In addition, in case a payment is processed through a credit card, we will also store the last four 4 digits of the credit card number used to complete the payment.
We may also collect name and address, and this data may also be independently stored by the Third-Party Payment Processor handling the transaction. We store this information as it enables us to know when your Subscription Plan will expire and to prevent and detect fraud.
Processing of User Data
Ninja VPN guarantees a strict no-logs policy for our services, meaning that activities using Ninja VPN Services are provided by automated technical process, are not monitored, recorded, logged, stored or passed to any third party. We do not store connection time stamps, session information, used bandwidth, traffic logs, IP addresses.
Ninja VPN is committed to the no-logs policy. Logs can easily link actions back to you, and thus at no time can Ninja VPN release such logs, as we don’t collect any logs. Personal data is processed for the purpose of providing the best Ninja VPN services under the legal basis of performance.
Third Party Disclosure
Ninja VPN will NOT disclose any Personal Data to other commercial parties under any circumstance. we will not use any Personal Data for any purpose that out customer have not consented to.
We store our customers’ Personal Data only as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is collected, to provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. We erase or destroy the records containing Personal Data when they are no longer required; this will be done in ways that will ensure your continued privacy.
We may send data to third-party service providers who operate services that help us with: customer support; email; hosting, protecting, and securing the Ninja VPN infrastructure; payment processing; as well as account and payment related service usage.
Consent and Legitimate Interest
By submitting your personal data to Ninja VPN, also by accessing, installing and/or using our Services you confirm that you have read this Privacy Policy and allow us to process that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We rely on legitimate interest for marketing, research, and fraud prevention. We will obtain your consent where required by law.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post those changes on this page so that our customers will always be aware of what information we collect, and how we use it. Your continued use of our services constitutes your acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
USEFUL LINKS
About
Jobs
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
COMMUNITIES
Acknowledgment
FAQ
Contact
Site Language
English
简体中文
繁體中文
Site Language
English
简体中文
繁體中文
© 2019 Ninja VPN, All right reserved.