Press Alt+1 for screen-reader mode, Alt+0 to cancel
Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting
Policies
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Accessibility
Cookie Policy
Security Advisory
Trademarks
Legal & Regulatory
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
Accessibility
Cookie Policy
Security Advisory
Trademarks
Legal & Regulatory
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: July 2018; Last Updated: September 2, 2024
Visit our Privacy Pledge located
here
to learn more about Arlo’s commitment to privacy.
Applicability
This Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) explains the types of personal information and other non-personal information Arlo Technologies, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, "
Arlo
”) obtain about Arlo customers and other individuals, how Arlo uses that information and with whom it may be shared, and the choices available to you regarding how Arlo collects, stores, and uses that information.
This Notice applies to Arlo’s external-facing operations, including our website, mobile applications, and any other of our products, hardware, and services that link to this Notice (collectively, "
Services
”), and applies to the information Arlo obtains in various contexts. This policy does not apply in other situations. That includes if you are interacting with us as an employee. We maintain a separate employee privacy notice.
We may provide different or additional privacy notices in connection with certain activities, products, services, or platforms that may not be included in this Notice to supplement or clarify our privacy practices or provide you with additional choices regarding your information with respect to those activities, products, services, and platforms.
Notice at Collection.
Information We collect.
Depending on the nature of our relationship with you, how you choose to use Arlo’s Services, and the Services available in your region we may collect the following information:
We collect account information.
We collect information relating to your account. For example, we collect basic registration details like name and email address when you create an account.
We collect emergency-related information.
If you use Emergency Response, you may also choose to provide information about your family members to assist first responders. For example, their birth month and year, sex, preferred language and additional notes such as medical condition or other special needs.  If you add contacts to your Emergency Response profile we collect information about those people, like their name and phone numbers.
We collect billing information.
When you buy a product or purchase a subscription we collect billing information. This includes your form of payment and billing address.
We collect certain information if you link to third party accounts or services.
If you choose to connect your Arlo account to another product or service, we may receive information from the other product or service.
We collect location information.
For example, we may collect your zip code and state. Based on your IP address, we may also derive location information. We may collect approximate or precise location information depending on the settings you enable on your mobile device for features such as geofencing and for the Arlo Safe app.
We may collect driving event data.
If you use Arlo Safe and enable automatic crash detection, we collect sensory and motion data from your mobile device. This may include information from the gyroscope, accelerometer, compass and Bluetooth. This information helps calculate and detect driving events.
We collect feedback and other voluntarily provided information.
We collect information that you give us. This includes the photos, audio, and videos you upload or capture from your devices.  It also includes your communications with our customer care team or chatbot. We also collect information when you complete a survey or participate in a contest or promotion. Also, when you write a review or make a suggestion. If you post in a public space on our Services, we collect that information. We collect information about your family or friends if you share your subscription or location with them.
We collect device information.
We collect information from and about your device. This includes your device identifiers such as advertising IDs. We may also collect information about your operating system, hardware model or battery life. We may also collect information about your Wi-Fi connections or mobile carrier.
We collect usage information.
We collect information about your interactions with the Services. This also includes information about connected third-party devices and Internet speed. It also includes information about performance like voltage and storage information. We may also collect error rates or length of connection time. We also may get information from the Services’ surrounding environments. That information might include motion or temperature. It may also include light and sound. We collect product serial numbers for devices. We collect information about the browser or device you are using. We may look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us across our Services.  We may collect information collected through session replay and other tracking technologies.
We collect facial recognition information.
If you choose to enable the Person Recognition feature on your device, we will collect face images and face prints. Depending on where your device is located, this feature may require that you provide notice to and obtain consent from people who may be recognized by your camera.
We collect job application information.
If you apply for a job, we collect information about you, your prior education and work history. We collect your resume and information about your skills and qualifications for the position.
California law requires us to tell you if we share categories of information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising. Of the categories of information listed above, we may share the following categories for cross-contextual behavioral advertising: account information, device information, usage information, location information, billing information, and information if you link third party accounts or services. (To modify your preferences about cross-contextual behavioral advertising, read the
Your Rights and Choices
section below.)
How Long We Keep Information
We keep information as long as your account is active. We also retain information for the period necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Notice, and as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Why We Use Information
Depending on the nature of our relationship with you and how you choose to use the Services, we may use information for the following:
We use information to communicate with you.
We use information to respond to your questions. This may include questions about our Services or your relationship with us. We also use your information to communicate about the features you use and features available to you. We will also communicate with you about this Notice or our Terms. We may also contact you about your feedback. We use the information you provide to send you alerts and other notifications. If you apply for a job with us, we will use that information to process your application.
We use information for device set up and to provide Services.
We use information to provide you with Services related to your device. This may include emergency response Services. We may also use location information to support geofencing and some Arlo Safe features if you enable location settings. In some cases, we may use artificial intelligence to process certain video information from your cameras so that we can monitor your environment, send you alerts, and allow you to further configure your Services. For example, you may configure your Services to send an alert to you based on the type of activity that has been detected. Depending on your subscription plan, configuration and settings, we store the videos you capture for various time periods.
We use information to improve our Services.
We use information to analyze trends and customize your experience. We may do this by saving certain preferences you choose. We also use information to understand how you use the Services.  If you elect to “donate” your videos to Arlo, we may use and view the donated video recording for research and Services development purposes. This includes training our artificial intelligence algorithms or as we otherwise notify you. To “donate” a video to Arlo you must select individual video recordings from your video library and provide your permission.
We use some information for marketing purposes.
We use your information to provide updates about new products and features, or special offers. We also provide you with information about promotions, surveys, or contests. We may also provide information about select third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting. We may provide these by email or on our apps. We may also provide them on social media platforms. We may provide them by using cross-contextual behavioral advertising which you can control by following the instructions in the
Your Rights and Choices
section below.)
We use information to protect our company and users.
We use information to protect our company and users, for example to identify fraud, protect accounts, or protect Arlo’s infrastructure. This includes using information to identify and stop prohibited or illegal activity.
Our basis for processing information.
Our basis for processing your information for the reasons described above is typically to perform a contract, including responding to your requests and providing customer service.  If you choose not to provide information, we may be unable to perform the contract or respond to your request. We also process information based on your consent. Where you have provided consent, you have the right to withdraw it. We also use information about you when we have a legitimate purpose in doing so like helping secure and improve the Services.
We also use information as we may describe to you in the future.
Your Use of Information You Collect Through Our Devices and Services
Depending on your location, our Services may allow you to use facial recognition.  This may be part of our “Person Recognition” or similar features.  These features may use artificial intelligence to analyze and process facial images and face prints captured by your camera for the purpose of identifying individuals you may know. You control if this biometric processing occurs through the Services and whether or not to have these facial recognition features turned on or off on your camera.
Depending on where you live you may need to provide notice and get explicit consent to scan faces of those who are viewed by your camera. This includes consent from the parents/guardians of individuals under the age of 18.
At all times that you use our devices and services, including when enabling these features, you are responsible for complying with any applicable laws or regulations.
Sensitive Information
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information, as defined by California law, for inferring characteristics or for purposes other than those permitted by law.
More Information About Our Privacy Practices
Please read the rest of this Notice for more information about our practices.
Disclosure of Information
As part of our business there are times that we may disclose information to others. You can find out more about that below:
We disclose information within our family of companies.
This includes current and future affiliates and subsidiaries.
We disclose information to your family, friends, and emergency contacts, at your direction.
The Services are designed to allow you to share your Arlo device access and alerts if you choose. With Arlo Safe, you may also choose to share your location data with others by sending them an invitation link. You can modify with whom you disclose information on your own through your account settings. If an emergency occurs, we will also share information with persons you designate as emergency contacts.
We disclose information to our service providers and contractors.
We may disclose information to companies that help us deliver and operate our Services. This could include customer support and troubleshooting providers. It may also include vendors that support chat or send messages. It also includes payment processors if you make purchases. Depending on the Services you enable, this may include providing service providers and contractors with information (including location) related to crash detection, emergency response and dispatch support, and other features. This may also include disclosing live or recent recordings available if you enable these emergency response Services.
We disclose and share information with advertising providers, ad-networks, analytics providers, and other third parties.
We use several modern marketing tools in support of our advertising efforts. Arlo may work with first-party and third-party advertisers, ad-networks, and analytics providers that use SDKs, cookies, and similar tracking technologies to provide more relevant advertising on our apps, on our website, and across the internet. This includes online and offline advertising tools. We use tools to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising efforts. This might include understanding site and app usage. It may also include understanding which advertisements you viewed or clicked on.  It may also include research. To learn more, please click
here
. To opt out, set your preferences by following the instructions in the
Your Rights and Choices
section below.
We disclose information with connected products and services.
You may choose to connect your Arlo account to third-party products and services. You will be asked if you want to grant this connection. If you do, certain information such as device serial number and settings may be disclosed. You can modify your choice to connect accounts in your account settings.
We may disclose information to the extent necessary to comply with the relevant laws or to protect our company and users.
We may disclose information to respond to a court order, legal request, or subpoena, including to law enforcement in response to a legally enforceable search warrant as described in our law enforcement guidelines
here
.  We may also disclose information in response to valid government or regulatory demands and requests. We may also disclose information when we investigate potential fraud, abuse, or other similar violations of the Arlo Terms. We may also disclose information to protect the rights, property, or safety of our business, our employees, our customers, or others. This may also include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of cybersecurity, fraud protection, and credit risk reduction, or to stop or prevent illegal activity.
We may disclose information with any successor to all or part of our business.
If all or part of our business is sold, we are part of a merger or acquisition, or there is a financing or insolvency agreement, we may disclose information as part of that settlement.
We may also disclose Information for other reasons, which we will describe to you.
Additional information for residents in certain states.
Certain states require that we tell you if we sell personal information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration (including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Montana, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia.  And effective in January 2025, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire and New Jersey). While we do not believe that we engage in these practices, in some circumstances our behavioral advertising activities may be considered a “sale.” To exercise your choices for this, please read the
Your Rights and Choices
section below. We do not sell personal information of minors under the age of 16 for monetary or other valuable consideration.
How We Collect Information
Like many other companies, there are different ways that we collect information. We have outlined them below:
We collect information directly from you.
You might provide us with information in several ways. For example, we collect information when you create an account or register a product. We also collect information when you make a purchase, change or alter your Services or subscriptions, contact us, sign up for special offers, or participate in a survey, contest, promotion or sweepstakes. We collect any other information you voluntarily provide to us when using the Services, including user contributions or public postings on our social media sites. For more sensitive information collection, we ask for your consent. We also collect information from your devices through use of the camera, microphone, location services or other usage, consistent with your chosen settings, configurations, and permissions.
We collect information passively.
We use tracking tools to collect information from you passively based on your settings, your consent and how you interact with the Service. These tools include a variety of technologies such as browser cookies and pixels. It also includes log files, embedded scripts and location identifying technologies. It might include SDKs, session replays, and web beacons. We use these in our apps, on our sites and in emails that we send to you.
We get information about you from third parties or other sources.
Third party products or apps may also share information about you. For example, usage data from your integrated products may be provided to us. We may get sensory and motion data from your mobile device. We may also collect information about you from other users, including your name, phone number, or email address. Arlo users may also provide names and images to associate with friends and family and other household members. If you provide information about another person, it is your responsibility to ensure you have that party’s permission. Arlo also utilizes service providers to assist with marketing and research initiatives and may obtain information about you from those providers. We may also obtain information about you from governmental or public sources.
We Combine Information
Our Services provide integrated security solutions, which means we may combine information that we have collected directly from you, from across your devices, products, or Services, or that is received from a third party.
Your Rights and Choices
You may have certain rights and choices about your information. Certain of these rights are available to individuals when acting as consumers. Some of these rights do not extend to individuals who may be acting in their business capacity or as an employee. These rights include:
Mobile and Account Settings
You can control certain settings on your mobile device or account settings.
For example, you can turn off or modify the location services or push notifications on your mobile phone.  You can also customize your video and/or audio capture configuration from your account. You can review and change certain account information or delete video or audio recordings when logged into your account. When you choose to delete your data, Arlo will retain information as it believes it needs to comply with the law.
Marketing and Cross-Contextual Behavioral Advertising
You can opt out of certain marketing.
To stop receiving our promotional emails or communications follow the instructions at the bottom of any promotional message you receive from us. If you opt out of receiving marketing messages, you will continue to receive non-marketing messages from us about your relationship with us where permitted by law. For example, you may continue to receive messages from Arlo about technical updates and security, even after opting out of receiving marketing messages.
You have the right to opt out of interest based in-app advertising.
Arlo Secure Plan subscribers are automatically opted out of interest based in-app advertising.
If you are not a subscriber, you can opt out of sharing your information for interest based in-app advertising purposes through Privacy Center (as available), or by contacting us at
privacy@arlo.com
.  For non-subscribers, even if you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you may continue to receive more general in-app advertising that is less relevant to you.  For more information about advertising settings, please click
here
.
You can control cookies and tracking tools/Our Do Not Track Policy
Our website is configured to respond to common browser opt-out signals, such as Do Not Track or Global Privacy Control. You can also opt out of sharing your information for online advertising purposes on our website directly by adjusting your preferences. Click on the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of your browser. To learn how to manage how we, and our vendors, use cookies and other tracking tools, please click
here
.
Options you make are browser and device, and in some situations service, specific.
Your Rights in Certain Jurisdictions
In some places laws grant residents certain privacy rights related to their personal information. This includes if you live in the state of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia, and effective January 2025 in Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, or in locations with similar laws. These rights are not absolute. In some cases, they may not apply. This includes if a legal exception applies. If this is the case, we will not be able to process your request. The rights include:
Right to Know and Data Portability/Access.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and processing of your personal information. You can also review and access your information through your account settings by logging in
here
or though the mobile application.
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete your personal information. You may delete most information through your account settings by logging in
here
or though the mobile application.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Information.
You have the right to ask that we correct your personal information. You may change most information through your account settings by logging in
here
or though the mobile application.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Information
In some cases, you may have the right to ask that we limit the way we use your personal information. In some cases, you can exercise this right by asking that we delete your information. You may also have the right to object to how we process information, or to withdraw your consent if our use is based on consent.
How it Works.
Visit
here
to exercise your rights through your account settings and Privacy Center or log into your mobile application. You can also exercise your rights without creating an account by visiting
here
or contacting us at
privacy@arlo.com
. You may be limited to submit certain requests within a 12-month period. We will use the information you submit to verify your request. This includes matching the information you have with information we already have. We will not discriminate against you for making a request.
Agents:
You may designate an Authorized Agent to make a request on your behalf. We will deny requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization from you. If you designate an Authorized Agent to make a request for you, we may require: A copy of a power of attorney or require that you provide the authorized agent with written permission. We may also require that you verify your own identity with us directly.
Notice of Right to Opt-In or Opt-Out of Sharing / Sale / Right to Object
Arlo gives consumers the right to request to opt out of the processing of their personal information for purposes of (i) targeted or cross-contextual behavioral advertising, (ii) the sale of personal data, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. To opt-out please refer to the methods described in the sections above.
Nevada Residents
You may opt out of any future sale of your information to a third party by contacting us as described at the end of this Notice.
Notice of Financial Incentives
California law requires that we disclose specific information about the financial incentives we offer. Colorado requires that we provide similar information about loyalty programs that are offered to give individuals, among other things, “superior” goods or services. (This is defined in Colorado as a Bona Fide Loyalty Program). While we do not believe that any of Arlo’s programs qualify as a “Bona Fide Loyalty Program” under Colorado law we have nevertheless provided information that is required by that state’s law.
The Incentive and Its Terms
From time to time, we may offer financial incentives to promote our services. This might include coupons or promotion codes when you sign up for emails. It also might include features a customer would not typically have access to use unless they are an Arlo Secure Subscriber. We will ask you to provide information about yourself in connection with these programs. This may include contact information and billing information. It may also include your device advertising ID.
Price Difference and Value
It is not our business practice to assign a specific monetary value to personal information. However, California law requires that we assign a value. This statement outlines the value and how we have calculated it in the context of the financial incentives we offer.
The financial incentives we offer to consumers are reasonably related to the value of the consumer’s data to our business. We calculate this in good faith based on our reasonable but sole determination using factors that include expenses we incur to collect, store, and keep personal information. We also considered the expenses related to providing the financial incentive.
Targeted Advertising
Colorado requires that we describe the categories of personal information that will be sold or processed for targeted advertising purposes in connection with a financial incentive program. For any program that we offer we will provide you with this information as required by law at the time that you sign up to participate in the program.
Choices
Participation in any financial incentive program is optional and California law gives you the right to withdraw from participating in financial incentives at any time. You can withdraw from receiving financial incentives at any time by submitting a request to
privacy@arlo.com
or adjusting your preferences within your account.  Withdrawal may impact your ability to receive additional rewards or promotions.
Third Parties and Partners
Third parties who will receive personal and sensitive information collected in connection with the program are our business partners, vendors, and clients.
Transfers and Storage of Information
Arlo is based in the United States, which means the information we collect, including payment information, may be processed and stored within the United States. If you live outside of the United States and choose to use the Services, you understand that your information may be processed and/or stored outside your country of residence, including in other jurisdictions (like the United States) that may have different data protection frameworks than your country. Information we transfer from Europe to the United States is subject to appropriate safeguards under applicable law.
Children’s Privacy
Arlo does not direct our Services to children, and we do not knowingly collect information from children. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child has given us information, you can write to us or email us at the addresses provided at the end of this Notice. Please mark your inquiries “Parental Information Request.” If we learn we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected or received information from a child without appropriate consent, we will delete such information.
How We Protect Information
The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our Services will be completely secure. We encourage you to use caution when providing your information to others and not to share or reuse passwords.
Third-Party Services and Sites
Third parties may integrate the Services into their products and services, and we are not responsible for this integration. We may link to third-party sites or apps. This Notice does not apply to the privacy practices of these third-party websites or apps. We do not control these third parties. Please read the privacy policies of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for the practices of these third-party products, sites, or apps.
How To Contact Us
To learn more about our privacy practices or this Notice, please contact us at
privacy@arlo.com
or write to us at Arlo Technologies, Inc. 5770 Fleet Street, Carlsbad, CA 92008.
Updates
From time to time, we may change our Notice. We will notify you of any material changes to our Notice as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on the places where this Notice currently appears. Please check periodically for updates.
Privacy Notice Archive:
July 2023
Oct 2022
July 2021
July 2018
2014-2017
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Learn More
Accept Cookies
Cookie Settings
Continue without Accepting
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Performance & Analytics Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance & Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
We noticed you're in the UK or Republic of Ireland
Visit UK Website
Continue browsing this site