Cat Condo 2 - Privacy Policy
Thank you for using Cat Condo 2. This policy is here to help you understand how your information is being collected and in what way it is used. Your privacy is important to us and we take it seriously.​
​
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application “Cat Condo 2” for mobile devices that was created by Zepni Ltd.
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and use the Application.
​
Collected Information
The Application may collect certain information automatically, including:
1) A unique identifier created for you.
2) Game settings.
3) In-game analytics data such as your score, items purchased, items unlocked, game progression and results.
4) Advertising data such as:
a) the model and operating system of your device.
b) the advertiser ID which is a unique identifier to you            but does not reveal your name.
c) properties of your device such as screen size and              orientation.
d) country, timezone and language settings.
​
Why we collect your information
We will use your collected information to deliver our games to you under the agreed terms so that you may have the best experience possible when playing our games. Collected information will be used to:
1) Help us improve the game and fix any problems
2) For advertising purposes. We will use advertising data to show you advertisements for third party services. We may use the collected information to serve you targeted advertisements. We do this so that the advertising content is more relevant to you.
​
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain Collected Information for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter.
​
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, please contact us via email at
contact@zepni.com
.​