Cosmostation Service EN
Cosmostation Terms of Service
Last updated: 2022/03/30
Welcome to Cosmostation.
Read the following terms of service carefully before using this service. By using this service, you hereby agree to the terms of service written below. Important—Please read carefully. This end user license agreement is the legal agreement between you and Cosmostation(the “Company”). This agreement supersedes the general terms and conditions of Cosmostation Service. Company is the owner of the service, and does not sell the service to you. Company authorizes you to use Cosmostation Wallet, data, and related media provided with the service non-exclusively under this agreement. Company may change the terms of the license at any time for whatever reason and without notice. Company will post changes made to the terms on the website. Your continued use of the service constitutes acceptance of the new terms.
- OS requirements: This service requires the following specifications
- Chrome Extension Wallet
* Type of device & OS : PC / Chrome browser
- Mobile Wallet
* Type of device & OS : Smartphone (Tablet is not recommended.) / iOS, Android OS 6.0 (Marshmallow) or higher.
- Web Wallet
* Type of device & OS : PC / Chrome browser
The risks and liabilities associated with the use of this service are your responsibility as you have authorized the use of the service. If you do not agree to these license agreements, you are not licensed to use this service and you must stop downloading the service immediately. In this case, terminate download process. Please print of copy of this license for future reference.
1. Grant and scope of license
1.1. In consideration for you agreeing to abide by the terms of this license, we hereby grant to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the service on the terms of this license.
1.2. User’s authorized range of use
(a) Service. User may download and install one copy of the service on his or her mobile device. Unless stated otherwise on the Company’s website or in document, user may only install one copy of the service on each device.
(b) Personal use. User may only use the service for personal use.
(c) Backup copy. User may only make one copy of the software for backup purposes
2. Explanation of requirements, restrictions, authority and limitations
Except as expressly set out in this license or as permitted by any local law, you undertake:
2.1. Not to copy the service except where such copying is incidental to normal use of the service, or where it is necessary for the purpose of backup or operational security.
2.2. Not to rent, lease, sub-license, loan, translate, merge, adapt, vary or modify the service.
2.3. Not to make alterations to, or modifications of, the whole or any part of the service, nor permit the service or any part of it to be combined with, or become incorporated in, any other programs.
2.4. Not to disassemble, decompile, reverse-engineer or create derivative works based on the whole or any part of the service nor attempt to do any such thing.
2.5. To keep all copies of the service secure and to maintain accurate and up-to-date records of the number and locations of all copies of the service.
2.6. Not to provide or otherwise make available the service in whole or in part (including but not limited to program listings, object and source program listings, object code and source code), in any form to any person.
2.7. To comply with all applicable technology control laws and regulations.
3. Intellectual property rights
3.1. Unless otherwise specified by us, the intellectual property rights of all content provided in connection with the website and the services are the property of the company or its licensors and suppliers and are protected by intellectual property laws. The company does not provide an implied license to use the content of the website.
3.2. You acknowledge that the content and content contained in the service and website are provided solely for your personal, legitimate and noncommercial use and that you may use such content and content for the purpose of using the service and website. You are strictly prohibited to use the content of the website for any other purpose, and you agree that you will not infringe on others or infringe on our intellectual property rights.
3.3. You may not copy the contents of the website or service without the written permission of the company. All rights not expressly reserved for use on this website are the sole property of the company.
3.4. Without the written consent of the Company, you may not share contents provided in the service on websites. All other usage and authority not mentioned in these terms remain as the Company’s rights.
4. Limitation of liability and indemnity
4.1. You acknowledge that there is a risk associated with the use of an internet-based virtual wallet, including, but not limited to, risk of hardware, software, and internet connectivity failure, risk of malicious software, and risks involving third parties. Company shall not be liable for communication failure, interruption, or error. Distortion or delay may occur.
4.2. You acknowledge and agree that there are risks associated with the use of virtualized networks. This includes risks of unknown vulnerabilities or unexpected changes. The company cannot control the blockchain network and is not responsible for any damage caused by these risks.
4.3. The company will make reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy of the information on the website and service. However, we make no representations or warranties with respect to the content of the website and service, the information and functions accessible through the website and service, and do not make any representations or warranties of any kind, including hyperlinks to third party websites and services. We do not guarantee security related to the transmission of information through all connected websites and services.
4.4. The company shall not be liable to the maximum extent permitted by law for any loss of, or damage to, the use of our services, including but not limited to loss, damage or claims arising out of: (a) A forgotten password, a misconfigured transaction, or an incorrectly entered virtual wallet address (b) Server failure or data loss (c) Damaged wallet file (d) Unauthorized access to applications (e) Unauthorized third party activity including, but not limited to, viruses, phishing, indiscriminate enforcement, or any other means of attack on the website or the services.
4.5. The company does not warrant that the availability of the website, service, or server, the integrity of the virus or error, the correct content, or the defect of the service will be corrected. The company shall not be liable to you for any action taken or reliance on any kind of content or information contained in the service.
4.6. Limitations of liability are as follows. (a) The company shall not be liable for lost profits, financial losses, indirect damages, special damages, consequential damages, disciplinary damages, or punitive damages if permitted by law. (b) To the extent permitted by law, expressed or implied, all responsibility regarding the user’s payments according to these terms of use is limited to the payment user made to the company for the use of the service. (c) In no event shall the company be liable for any loss or damage which is reasonably unpredictable.
4.7. The company shall not be responsible or liable for any contract or negligence except in the case of fraud or misrepresentation.
4.8. Nothing in these terms excludes or restricts liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that may not be limited or excluded in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Korea.
4.9. The company does not guarantee the safety of your delegated funds by any means. Delegation to Validators shall be decided at your own discretion. By deciding to stake your funds, you agree to share a portion of the responsibility and penalty Validators receive. Under certain conditions, your delegated funds may become ‘slashed.’ The company is not responsible for loss of funds through delegation.
4.10. Cosmostation is a tool that facilitates certain activities on the Cosmos network. The company is not responsible for the actions of users.
5. Termination
5.1. The Company, at its sole discretion, may terminate the license or terminate or permanently modify or discontinue any part of the services at any time without payment or prior notice. It is your sole responsibility to store backups of all wallet addresses and private keys.
5.2. Upon termination for any reason:
(a) All rights granted to you under this license shall cease
(b) You must immediately cease all activities authorized by this license
(c) You must immediately delete or remove the service from all devices in your possession, and immediately destroy or return to us (at our option) all copies of the service and documents then in your possession, custody or control and, in the case of destruction, certify to us that you have done so.
(d) The following license agreement categories are valid even after termination of the license. Termination, Copyright, Exclusion of warranty on service, Limitation of liability and indemnity, Monitoring and Collecting of software data, Governing law and jurisdiction.
6. Contact
6.1. In order to contact the company, send an e-mail to support@cosmostation.io.
7. Other important terms
7.1. We may transfer our rights and obligations under this license to another organization, but this will not affect your rights or our obligations under this license.
7.2. You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under this license to another person if we agree in writing.
7.3. This license constitutes the entire agreement between us and supersedes and extinguishes all previous agreements, promises, assurances, warranties, representations and understandings between us, whether written or oral, relating to its subject matter. You agree that you shall have no remedies in respect of any statement, representation, assurance or warranty (whether made innocently or negligently) that is not set out in this license. You agree that you shall have no claim for innocent or negligent misrepresentation or negligent misstatement based on any statement in this in this license.
7.4. If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under this license, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived our rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If we do waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that we will automatically waive any later default by you.
7.5. We shall assume no responsibility for any loss or damage that may be incurred due to the failed recovery of the wallet or not recording the recovery/backup passphrase (security code, recovery code), loss of data, erroneous transmission of cryptocurrency, loss of recovery passphrase, leaked ID/password to third parties, and hacking by third parties.
7.6. Each of the conditions of this Licence operates separately. If any court or competent authority decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining conditions will remain in full force and effect.
7.7. This agreement and your use of the website and the services are governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Korea. All disputes arising out of or relating to these terms and conditions shall be settled exclusively by the courts of the Republic of Korea. Nothing in these terms affects your legal rights under the laws of the Republic of Korea.
7.8. Regarding the contents of this license agreement, in the event that any difference or inconsistencies arise between the various translations, the Korean version shall take precedence.
Your responsibilities
These are your responsibilities should you choose to use the service and website: If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, passphrase, security code, password or any other piece of information (Security Code) as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party. You are strongly advised to backup any Security Code. If you lose your security code we cannot assist you in the retrieval of that code.
Risks
These are the risks you acknowledge in using the service and webiste: Virtual currencies. Virtual Currencies are not backed by governments or central banks. They are not protected by government deposit protection schemes. Virtual Currencies may be extremely volatile. Virtual Currency technology is extremely nascent and unproven. Virtual Currency software and providers are regularly subject to hacking attempts resulting in loss of funds. Read the EBA warning here for more details on Virtual Currencies. Digital Assets. Similar to Virtual Currencies, Digital Assets are not backed by governments or central banks. They are not protected by government deposit protection schemes. Digital Assets may be extremely volatile. Digital Assets technology is extremely nascent and unproven. Digital Assets software and providers are regularly subject to hacking attempts resulting in loss of funds. Protocol failure. A Virtual Currency protocol may fail resulting in total loss of Virtual Currencies held by users. Disasters. Disasters may damage the Virtual Currencies systems resulting in loss of Virtual Currencies held by users.
Cosmostation Privacy Policy
Last updated: 2022/03/30
1. What is Cosmostation Privacy Policy?
Cosmostation uses and provides the user’s personal information based on the user’s consent, and actively guarantees the user’s right(the right to control one’s own personal information). Cosmostation complies with applicable laws, personal information protection regulations and guidelines of the Republic of Korea, which must be obeyed by information communication service providers. Cosmostation Privacy Policy refers to guidelines on protecting the user’s valuable personal information which Cosmostation is required to comply with, in order to ensure that users use its services with confidence. This Privacy Policy is applied to Cosmostation Services (hereinafter “Cosmostation” or “the Services”)
2. Collection of Personal Information
2.1. Cosmostation collects the minimum personal information to provide the Services. The following minimum personal information is collected when the user signs up for the service or while the user uses the Services, through the home page, individual applications and programs, and etc.
(a) Cosmostation
- Required : IMEI (to be converted so that the unique information of the user’s device cannot be identified)
(b) Customer Service
- Required : Email - Optional : IMEI, Phone number, Requester info (name, phone number, email or fax, a copy of a photo ID with personal information masked)
2.2. Some services may collect personal information additional to those collected commonly by Cosmostation Account upon the user‘s consent in order to provide specialized services.
(a) What is required information?
- Information required to provide the fundamental features of the concerned service.
(b) What is optional information?
- Additional information which needs to be collected to provide more specialized services. (Users still can use the Services without agreeing to provide additional information.)
2.3. The method of personal information collection is as follows. When collecting personal information, Cosmostation informs the fact to the user in advance and asks for an agreement. Personal information is collected using the following method:
(a) The user agrees to the collection of personal information and enters relevant information when signing up for a service or while the user uses the Services.
(b) Personal information is provided through affiliated services or groups.
(c) Personal information is provided via the home page, email, fax, phone, etc. during customer service calls.
(d) The user participates in online and/or offline events.
2.4. The following personal information may be collected while the user uses the Service.
Device information (OS, screen size, device ID), IP address, cookies, date of visit, improper usage record and service usage record may be automatically created and collected while the user uses the PC web or mobile web & apps.
3. Use of Personal Information
3.1 Personal information is used to manage membership, to provide and improve Services and to develop new service.
Personal information is collected to the minimum extent required to provide Services when the user signs up for the service or while the user uses the Services, through the homepage, individual applications and programs, and etc.
(a) Member identification, confirmation of the user’s will to sign up, user and age verification, prevention of improper usage
(b) Analysis and service provision based on demographic characteristics
(c) New service development, provision of various services, inquiry and complaint handling, delivery of notifications
(d) Sending contents, etc. to the users of paid services, or shipping / payment
(e) Prevention and sanction of any act that interrupts normal service operation of the service
(f) Confirmation of participation in events; marketing and advertising purposes
(g) customized service
(h) Statistics based on service usage record, frequency of visit and service use; development of service environment to protect privacy; development of customized services; service improvement.
4. Provision of Personal Information
Cosmostation does not provide personal information to any third party without your consent or unless demanded by applicable laws.
Cosmostation entrusts the following personal information to a third party to connect Cosmostation Services to third-party services.
Cosmostation does not disclose a user's personal information to third parties without the user's prior consent. However, personal information may be provided to third parties upon the user's consent within the extent necessary for the user to use the services of Cosmostation partner companies.
5. Destruction of Personal Information
The user's personal information is to be destroyed immediately once the purpose of the collection and use of personal information is fulfilled. The procedure and method of destruction is as follows: Personal information stored in electronic file formats is to be deleted using technical means which make the information unrecoverable. Personal information printed on paper records, printed matters and documents is to be destroyed through shredding or incineration.
Exceptions are as follows
(a) The following information is destroyed after being kept for one year from the date of the user’s unregistration from the service.
- Cosmostation Account and the email address to which a unregistration notification email was sent to send notifications and handle customer service inquiries after unregistratio
- Improper usage records
(b) The information below cannot be destroyed.
- Record of any user engagements made in the blockchain through the service (transaction record and all other information recorded in the blockchain including messages).
Other personal information which are required to be retained by law and their respective provisions are as follows:
(a) Records of contract or withdrawal of subscription : 5 years
(b) Records of payment and supplying goods : 5 years
(c) Records of consumer’s complaint and the settlement of dispute : 3 years
(d) Records of marks and advertisement : 6 months
(e) Books and supporting documents for all transactions specified by the Tax Act : 5 years
(f) Records of electronic financial transactions : 5 years
(g) Service visit records : 3 months
6. Others Cosmostation is committed to protecting the user’s rights.
Contact the Customer Service via in writing, or email. If a user requests the revision of personal information, the user's information is not to be used or provided until the revision is completed.
Sometimes cookies are used to provide PC-based services.
Cookies are used to support a faster and more convenient use of websites and to provide customized services.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of text file usually set by the web server, sent from a website and stored in a User's computer hard disk while the user is browsing that website.
Purpose of use of cookie
Cosmostation uses cookies which save and retrieve user information in order to provide personal customized service. When a user visits the website, the website server reads cookies stored on the user's device to maintain environment settings and customized services. Cookies help the user use the website easily and conveniently by finding out the user's preferences. Also, they are used to provide customized marketing information by tracing the number of visiting to the website and use patterns.
Rejecting a cookie
Cookie does not collect personally identifiable information automatically or actively, and a user has an option for setting a cookie. Hence, a user may allow all cookies by setting the option on the web browser; whenever a cookie is stored, the confirmation thereof shall be completed; or, otherwise, a user may reject the storage of all cookies. Provided, however, when a user rejects the storage of a cookie, then the user may have some difficulties in using a service.
Allow or Don't Allow Cookies
(a) Internet Explorer Select "Tool" menu at the top of the browser. > "Internet Options" > "Personal Data" Tab > Settings
(b) Chrome Select "Settings" menu at the top right side of the browser. > "Show advanced settings" > In the "Privacy" section, click "Content settings". > Cookies
Cosmostation complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as well as the domestic laws of each member country.
The following may apply when Cosmostation provides services to users in EU countries.
[Purpose and Basis of Personal Information Processing]
Cosmostation uses personal information collected from users only for purposes specified in "3. Use of Personal Information", informs users prior to any use thereof and asks for agreement. In addition, Cosmostation may process personal information in accordance with applicable laws including GDPR in any of the following cases:
- When agreed by the data subject
- For signing and fulfilling a contract with the data subject
- For legal compliance
- When personal information processing is necessary for the material benefit of the data subject
- For the pursuit of legitimate interests of the company (except for cases where the benefits, rights or freedom of the data subject is more important than that of the company.)
[Guarantee of Users' Rights in EU Countries]
As described in "Cosmostation protects your personal information", Cosmostation is committed to protecting your privacy. In accordance with applicable laws including GDPR, a user may request that his or her personal information be transferred to another manager, and refuse the processing of his or her information. In addition, a user has a right to file a complaint with data privacy protection authorities. Cosmostation may also use personal information for marketing purposes such as event promotion or advertisements, for which Cosmostation obtains a prior agreement. A user may withdraw the agreement at any time if he or she does not want it. A user may contact the Customer Service of any request related to the above via paper, email. The request will be handled in a proper and timely manner. When a user requests for the correction of personal information, the concerned information will not be displayed until correction is completed.
Questions regarding Privacy Protection
For any inquiries, complaints, feedback or other matters related to personal information protection which arise while you use the Services, please contact the Privacy Protection Officer or the responsible department. Cosmostation will do its best to listen to you and promptly answer any questions you may have.
Privacy Protection Officer
- Director: Jay Park
- Position : Chief Operation Officer and Chief Privacy Officer
- E-mail: privacy@cosmostation.io
Please make inquiries to the following organizations if you need to report or consult in regards to the violation of personal information.
KISA
- (Toll free)118
- http://privacy.kisa.or.kr
Cyber Crime Investigation, Supreme Prosecutors' Office
- 02-3480-3571
- cybercid@spo.go.kr
Cyber Terror Response Center, National Police Agency
- (Toll free)182
- http://cyberbureau.police.go.kr
Amendment to the Privacy Policy
Cosmostation may amend its Privacy Policy to reflect any legal or service changes. Cosmostation will notify such amendment in advance, and the amended Privacy Policy will take effect seven days after the notification of the amendment However, any major change in user rights, including personal information items to be collected and the purpose of collecting thereof, will be notified at least 30 days in advance - Announcement Date: February 25, 2019 - Effective Date: February 25, 2019