Сообщения
Sudoku.Privacy Policy
This Policy will explain what information we collect, why we collect it, and how we use it.    If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at: blob.game.ios@gmail.com     Information we collect     We don’t collect any personal information.      Information we get from our service.   We may collect information about scores and records to better understanding user flow and    engagement, and bugs happend. We do this to provide better services to our users and improve our business.     If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use it.      We do not share personal information with companies, outside organizations and individuals.       Please contact us at:  email to: blob.game.ios@gmail.com
Далее...
Недавние сообщения
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://sdkprivacy.blogspot.com/2019/04/sudoku-privacy-policy.html:
К основному контенту
Sudoku.Privacy Policy
This Policy will explain what information we collect, why we collect it, and how we use it.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at: blob.game.ios@gmail.com
Information we collect
We don’t collect any personal information.
Information we get from our service.
We may collect information about scores and records to better understanding user flow and
engagement, and bugs happend. We do this to provide better services to our users and improve our business.
If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use it.
We do not share personal information with companies, outside organizations and individuals.
Please contact us at:
email to: blob.game.ios@gmail.com
Поделиться
Получить ссылку
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Электронная почта
Другие приложения
Поделиться
Получить ссылку
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Электронная почта
Другие приложения
Комментарии
Обо мне
Mike
Посмотреть профиль
Архив
апреля 2019
1
Сообщить о нарушении
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it