GpsGate Terms & Policies
Below you'll find all documents specifying the terms and policies of our website and products. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to
contact us
.
Website:
GpsGate Privacy Policy
Our products:
Our ethical tracking policy
GpsGate On-site Terms & Conditions
GpsGate Cloud Terms & Conditions
GpsGate Splitter EULA
GpsGate Tracker EULA (Privacy Policy)
GpsGate Utilities EULA
GpsGate On-site (Legacy) End User License Agreement (EULA)
We serve cookies on this site to analyze traffic, remember your preferences, and optimize your experience.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.gpsgate.com/legal/privacy-policy:
GpsGate Privacy Policy
Updated: May 24, 2018
GpsGate AB is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
GpsGate AB may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. If you opt in to promotional communication, we may use your personal information to send you information about third parties that we think you may find interesting.
Right to be forgotten
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we have about you. In some cases, you have the right to have us correct, update, or delete your personal data that we process.
Contact us
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we have about you. In some cases, you have the right to have us correct, update, or delete your personal data that we process.
If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at
info@gpsgate.com
.
We serve cookies on this site to analyze traffic, remember your preferences, and optimize your experience.
Sub-policy 1
https://gpsgate.com/tracker-app-privacy-policy:
GpsGate Tracker for Android Privacy Policy
GpsGate built the GpsGate Tracker app as a free app. This SERVICE is provided by GpsGate at no cost and is intended for use as is. It is intended only for use with GpsGate. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at GpsGate Tracker unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
[Google Play Services](
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
)
Privacy
Read phone status and identity
This permission is used to determine the IMEI number and/or the phone number of the device so that it can connect to your GpsGate platform once registered without any further configuration.
Precise location (GPS and network-based)
This permission allows us to use the GPS hardware and Wifi location service to try to keep tracking your device with the high precision demanded by our partners whether the device is on the top of a mountain or inside a building.
Physical activity recognition
This permission allows us to save your device battery power by switching the use of GPS on and off depending on whether or not the device is moving. If the device is stationary, we don’t need to ask for the location as it will not have moved since the last recorded update.
Background location
This permission allows GPS tracking when the app is closed or not in use. This allows usage of other phone features or having the phone locked whilst still providing the GpsGate platform with uninterrupted position data for reliable tracking. To give the app this permission on later versions of Android, you need to choose the “Allow all the time” option in Settings.
Modify or delete the contents of your SD card
This permission is currently used to record error logs to the SD card if needed. If you are using the app normally it will log errors and crashes so that we can fix problems quickly. The delete permission is used so that logs can be tidied up and will not waste storage space unnecessarily on your device.
Read the contents of your SD card
This permission is used to read log files from the SD card so that the app can quickly email them to support when we are investigating an issue. This feature is only available when you are investigating an open issue with guidance from GpsGate support.
Device Access
Full network access
This permission is used to be able to open a connection with your GpsGate account and communicate tracking and signal data like any other tracking device.
View network connections
This permission is only used to determine whether or not you have a wifi or mobile data connection open from your device. We use this knowledge to save battery by not trying to reconnect to your GpsGate account while the device has no Wifi/mobile data access or is in airplane mode.
Run at startup
This permission is used once after a device is booted or restarted. If your device has run the GpsGate Tracker app before, it will check to see if you left the device tracking or uploading when it was shut down and restore the app accordingly.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:*   To facilitate our Service;
*   To provide the Service on our behalf;
*   To perform Service-related services; or
*   To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-04-16.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
support@gpsgate.com
.
We serve cookies on this site to analyze traffic, remember your preferences, and optimize your experience.