Turn your video content into
a thriving business
Build a world-class streaming platform or the next big membership community.
Uscreen makes it easy to turn your videos into a profitable subscription business.
Start free trial
No credit card required to get started.
Book a demo
Take control of your audience & brand
to earn recurring revenue easily.
The only platform that combines video, livestreaming
and community features across all devices.
Uscreen has helped over 4,000+ creators succeed
9.2 MILLION
USERS
3,500+
APPS LAUNCHED
$150M+
ANNUAL CREATOR EARNINGS
Uscreen is perfect for...
Launch a full-fledged digital studio your community will love and use every day, and become the next big brand out there.
Learn more →
Take full control of your content distribution and monetization. Deliver a seamless, Netflix-style experience across mobile and TV.
Learn more →
Build memberships that are more engaging and accessible than online courses. Strengthen your income stream while fostering a tight-knit community.
Learn more →
Manage and stream your events across all devices with our all-in-one platform. Unlock more revenue from one-off and recurring sales.
Learn more →
End revenue roller coaster and own real customers. Create a consistent revenue stream and break free from social media platform constraints.
Learn more →
Boost retention and engagement with Mobile & TV apps
Your fans love their phones. Keep your brand within reach at all times with your own apps — no coding needed. Your full membership experience with push notifications to keep them engaged. You could have your own apps in 30 days.
Learn more about apps
Get Your Own App in 30 Days
Get started
The only membership platform where
content and community seamlessly unite
Our platform is built around what is proven to engage, retains and grow your audience.
Imagine a Netflix-style video library, a safe community space, and direct livestreams,
all on your own website and premium mobile & TV app experience.
$100K+
Monthly revenue
2x
membership growth
4.5⭑
average app store rating
Engage with a video experience inspired by Netflix & YouTube
Showcase your content through our user-friendly interface designed for easy discovery and binge-watching. As members enjoy your videos, they can effortlessly comment, download, and curate their own playlists.
Unlock a world-class video experience
Build a supportive community and create a self-sustaining ecosystem
Draw in and keep members with a safe space, right next to your video library, always within their reach. Sustain your community as you enable members to engage, inspire, and connect with each other.
Create your own community
Connect with direct and easy live streaming
No other tools needed and no technical hurdles. Spark excitement and interaction by allowing members to join from any device and chat live. Boost attendance with our calendar tool which auto-reminds members to show up.
Go live now
Make your community
a key part of your membership
Let your fans connect with each other with our Community feature built right into your membership. With public and private channels and interactive community features, a community will make your membership even more valuable for your fans.
We could be gigantic - we haven’t even touched the surface of it, and we’re not slowing down. And it's the personal touch and the community that's going to drive this thing.
Captain Dave Hansen, Founder
Your Saltwater Guide
How much do creators really earn with Uscreen?
Find out how much money you can expect to make from your Uscreen membership with our simple revenue calculator.
What is your existing audience size?
100K
Percentage of audience you expect will pay for your membership?
1%
How much will you charge per month for your membership?
$10
$
120,000
PER YEAR
Everything you need for an amazing membership
1:1 support every step of the way
You won’t be alone on your membership journey - we will walk you through setting up your business model, content strategy, pricing and everything else you need to make your membership a huge success.
Setup your membership
Flexible monetization tools
Design your subscription offering however you want, including free trials, one-off courses and a variety of payment options. Your membership will have all the best practices built right in.
Customize your offering
Marketing tools & analytics
Marketing tools and automations pre-built to easily optimize the performance of your membership well, including insightful analytics on your payments, user engagement, video performance, and more.
Unlock Growth with Data
We partner with you every step of the way
We go beyond being a technology platform. We’ll help design your membership
and provide dedicated expert onboarding and account managers.
We make your success our success.
Thousands of creators have had seamless transitions to Uscreen thanks to our expert Migrations team. We’ll take care of all the hard work, free of charge.
Work with your very own Success Manager for a worry-free journey. Launch and manage your membership effortlessly with Uscreen’s friendly, responsive team in your back pocket.
Seamless issue resolution and instant answers to all your inquiries with our speedy customer support, for both you and your end users. Leave the boring, painful stuff to us so you can focus on what you do best—creating content.
Get strategies, tips, and case studies specifically for membership success. Connect with top creators and exchange best practices in our community.
Trusted by 4,000+ Video Creators
Unlike other platforms that support various content formats and monetization options,
Uscreen is built around what is proven to work for video content memberships.
With Uscreen we can expand and scale the business without expanding our workload - plus, we can touch more people, be a part of more lives, and have a more profitable business.
Marnie Alton
Founder of M/Body
$40K+
Monthly revenue
62%
App users
61%
Increase in viewer growth
View case study
If I want to grow the business every year, it comes down to getting my own platform and my own app.
Justin Rhodes
Founder of Abundance Plus
$100K+
Monthly revenue
2X
Membership Growth
4.5
Average App Store Rating
View case study
Apps gave us an air of legitimacy and got rid of any barriers to accessing the content. We’re available on all the same platforms as the big streaming services, and pose a real alternative option.
Nick Hayes
Founder of Means TV
$40K+
Monthly revenue
>65%
Viewership on Apps
6
Total App Platforms
View case study
Don't just take our word for it
Explore authentic reviews from customers subscribed to membership platforms powered by Uscreen.
A little something for everyone
This app is a great educator, laugh supplier, information feeder, worth every penny.
Awesome App!
Art Hub is such an awesome app! Easy to search and the concept is genius. My 6-year-old son loves learning new ways to draw.
Fun and organized
Great, easy to use app. Fun workouts. Can’t wait to see what JRD nation will release in the future.
So much more than a pregnancy workout!
I really don’t have words for how much I love Studio Bloom!
Best program out there!
As a professional musician, music educator and as a parent, I am truly impressed with everything this company is creating.
Love so much!
This app makes yoga doable and accessible for everyone. Clara’s classes are dynamic, restorative, and delightful.
Unlock Recurring Membership Revenue—
Starting Today
Earn recurring membership income you can count on starting today—no matter what
niche you’re in. Click below to start your free trial or book a complimentary, no-
obligation demo with one of our knowledgeable Creator Advocates.
Start free trial
Book a demo