Privacy Policy
General
This Privacy Policy applies to our handling of your personal information,
collected and used by Kastelo Holding AB and subsidiaries (”Kastelo”) in
this case.
The purpose of this policy is to set out the principles governing Kastelo’s
use of personal information which Kastelo obtains about you.
Kastelo takes very seriously the privacy of the web site’s users and the
security of your personal information. It is Kastelo’s aim that you, if your
personal information is processed by Kastelo, at all times shall feel
confident that your privacy is respected and that due care is taken
regarding your personal information.
Kastelo is the data controller of the personal data that is submitted by you
through the web site. All processing of personal data is carried out in
accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of
the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with
regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such
data, and repealing the Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection
Regulation).
You may obtain information free of charge regarding the personal data which
is processed by Kastelo and which relates to you as a data subject. If you
want to obtain such information, or request that your data is edited or
erased, please contact Kastelo.
Kastelo collects personal information such as first name, last name, e-mail
address and country of residence and other information which is voluntarily
submitted by the users of the web site. The personal information provided by
you will be processed for the purpose of providing the information and
services you request as well as for marketing, sales and product development
purposes.
Data Collection
Kastelo collects information about you from a variety of sources, including:
Information we collect from you directly
Information we collect about you when you call us, visit our websites, use
our mobile applications or services, or view our online advertisements
Information we collect about you from other sources, such as contact
information on the website of a company you represent
As part of creating a Kastelo ID account the following information is collected:
Name
Email address
Company name
Kastelo uses the information we collect from you for business purposes such as:
To provide and improve the services you requested
To tell you about Kastelo products and services
To manage our websites and services
All the information Kastelo collects about you may be combined to improve
our communications with you, and to develop products and services offered to
you.
We may share your information when required by law and/or government
authorities.
Opt out of subscriptions or newsletters
You can opt-out from our subscription services by clicking the unsubscribe
links in the e-mails you receive from us, or by setting the opt out option
on your account profile.
Navigation
Syncthing Support
Company Information
Consultancy Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Support Agreement
Downloads
Related Topics
Documentation overview
Company Information
Previous:
Consultancy Terms and Conditions
Next:
Support Agreement
Quick search