Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our app.
1. Why we collect your data
Your data is at the core of the service we provide. We use the information you share with us to provide you with a detailed look at your habits and performance history. By collecting a history of your performance, you can see a more clear picture of your performance over time. Our service is all about making use of the information that you choose to share with us, and we take the responsibility to protect your information very seriously.
2. All data is anonymous
As you do not create an account with Fluid Water Tracker, your data is not linked back to you personally. Your data is linked to a device ID attached to your physical device (hereafter "Device"), which is randomly generated number. There is no link to your name, email address or other personal identifying information. Your Apple iCloud account is not considered when storing you data.
3. The information we collect
When you record your habits using Fluid Water Tracker via your Device, parts of your data are sent to a third-part analytics platform for analysis. For example, we may collect your total number of actions, how many habits you have completed, or if you chose to review the app. If you correspond with us by email or participate in a survey, we may retain the content of your email messages, the responses in your survey, your email address and our responses.
4. How we use the information we collect
The information we collect is used to improved the app's effectiveness, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and improve the overall experience for our users.
By providing Fluid Water Tracker with your email address, you consent to our using the email address or to send you App-related notices via email, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. We may use your email address to send you other messages, such as newsletters, changes to features of the App, or special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out or change your preferences in the unsubscribe link within the email received. Opting out may prevent you from receiving messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers.
We do not rent, sell, or share personal information with other people or companies except when we have your permission. We will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others. We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the purpose of providing the Service to you. If we do this, such third parties' use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers). As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or dissolution.
5. How we protect your information
We use commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information and implement your privacy settings. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to the Site or guarantee that your information on the Site may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. We limit access to personal information about you to employees who reasonably need access in order to provide services to you or in order to ensure the App continues to operate without issue. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of our distributors, such as social networks. We’re not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at
info@wiredbetterment.com