Join
Drumeo
Login
Member Login
Home
Features
Method
Coaches
Instruments
Piano
Guitar
Singing
Shop
Blog
Free Resources
Getting Started On The Drums
40 Drum Rudiments
The Drumeo Podcast
Free Video Drum Lessons
Free Articles For Drummers
How To Play Drums
About Us
Drumeo Kids App
YouTube
Facebook
Instagram
TikTok
FAQs
Contact
Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 2023
Musora Media Inc., (“Company”,” us", "we", or "our") operates the drumeo.com, pianote.com, guitareo.com, and singeo.com website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you elect to use our Service, along with the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your and others’ data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to our collection and use of information as described in this policy. In order for us to improve the Service, we rely on the collection and use of this information. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from
here
.
Definitions
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a natural, living person who may be identified from such data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit, browser identification, etc).
Cookies
Cookies are small amounts of data stored on a User’s device when he or she visits certain websites.
Data Controller
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines whether and how any personal data are processed, and the purposes of such processing.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processor (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any company or person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We use various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Musora has a YouTube integration, and uses the YouTube API Services. By using Musora’s YouTube integration, you agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service (
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
) and acknowledge that such use is subject to Google’s Privacy Policy (
https://policies.google.com/privacy
). If you wish to revoke Musora’s YouTube integration’s access to data, you can do so via the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
Data Subject
A Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
A User is the individual who uses our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that may be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Users can provide Personal Data not only for us, but for other members in the community across any and all of our Services. Personally, identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Gender
Avatar photo
Birthday
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Other biographical information
Cookies and Usage Data
Music equipment preferences
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
We also collect certain Personal Data from users who are accessing our Services through websites under our control offering free lessons. This Personal Data is subject to the same terms and conditions in this Privacy Policy.
Usage Data
We may also collect information regarding how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, any linked devices that you may own that use our Services, purchase history, geographic location, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You may instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Authentication Cookies. We use Authentication Cookies for members within our platforms.
Use of Data
Company uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we may improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Retention of Data
Company will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the state of Ohio, USA, and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to our servers and data stores in Ohio, USA, and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Business Transaction
If Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Company may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Company may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Company
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you may set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You may enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Rights
Company aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, you may update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed of what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Company. You may request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you may manage and move it.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Marketing Platform
Google Marketing Platform is an advertising and analytics platform offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You may opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Marketing Platform by visiting the Google Marketing Platform opt-out page or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. Additionally, you may opt-out by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Behavioral Remarketing
Company uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on -
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
- for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You may learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:
https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada
http://youradchoices.ca/
or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Other Third-Party Services
We use additional third-party services to facilitate the Services on your behalf. For more information on the privacy practices of each of these Third-Party services, we have provided hyperlinks for your convenience.
Service
Service Provided
Terms & Privacy
Google
Email, marketing
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Facebook
Marketing
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Stripe
Payment processor
https://stripe.com/en-ca/privacy
Paypal
Payment processor
https://www.paypal.com/ca/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?locale.x=en_CA
Typeform
Student surveys
https://admin.typeform.com/to/dwk6gt/
Unbounce
Marketing landing pages
https://unbounce.com/privacy/
Bonjoro
Student relationship management
https://www.bonjoro.com/privacy-policy
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Affiliate Disclosure
Amazon
Musora Media is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon (.com, .co.uk, .de, etc.) and any other website that may be affiliated with Amazon Service LLC Associates Program.
The affiliate links earn us a small commission on any purchase you make when you visit Amazon after clicking on an affiliate link. This adds no extra cost to your purchase.
Other Affiliate Networks
Aside from the Amazon Associates Program, Musora Media is a part of several other affiliate networks, including Impact, Thomann, and Commission Junction.
Being a part of these networks makes it possible to support a team of writers who help provide the latest and most in-depth information about the world of music. Opinions presented on the site are those of Musora Media, or our team of writers who at times may post their own opinions.
We greatly appreciate it when you choose to use our links to buy products and we aim to be upfront about products we receive compensation for — and again, these add no extra costs to any of your purchases.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please
contact us
.
We use cookies for traffic data and advertising.
Cookie Policy »
OKAY GOT IT
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://stripe.com/en-ca/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connect
Platform Agreement
Account Agreement
Products and Programmes
Stripe Atlas
Stripe Adaptive Pricing
Stripe Climate
Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Corporate Card
Stripe Customer Portal
Stripe Data Pipeline
Stripe Financial Connections
Stripe Identity
Stripe Issuing
Stripe Tax
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Radar
Stripe Rewards
Stripe Verifications
Stripe Shop
Stripe Terminal
Terminal Purchase Terms
Terminal Reseller Terms
Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Treasury - Connected Accounts
Stripe Treasury - Platforms
Stripe Vault and Forward
Financial Services Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Stripe Payments Company
PNC Bank
Payment Method Terms
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Data Privacy Framework
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Licences
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 24, 2023
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
Cette page est la traduction d’un document en anglais. Cette traduction est uniquement fournie à titre d’information. La version définitive est celle en anglais.
Dernière mise à jour : [16 janvier] 2024
La présente Politique de confidentialité contient des informations importantes sur vos Données Personnelles et nous vous encourageons à la lire attentivement.
Introduction
Nous fournissons une infrastructure financière pour Internet. Des personnes physiques et des entreprises de toutes tailles utilisent notre technologie et nos services pour faciliter des achats, accepter des paiements, effectuer des virements et gérer des commerces en ligne.
La présente politique de confidentialité (« politique ») décrit les données personnelles que nous collectons, les modalités d'utilisation et de partage ainsi que les moyens de nous contacter pour toute question relative à la protection des données personnelles. La présente politique décrit également les droits et les choix dont vous disposez en tant que personne concernée, notamment le droit de vous opposer à certaines utilisations que nous faisons de vos données personnelles. Pour en savoir plus concernant nos pratiques en matière de confidentialité, y compris notre avis supplémentaire concernant les États-Unis, veuillez consulter notre
centre de confidentialité
.
« Stripe », « nous », « notre » ou « nos » désigne l'entité Stripe responsable de la collecte, de l'utilisation et du traitement des données personnelles au sens de la présente politique de confidentialité. L'entité Stripe responsable de vos données personnelles peut varier en fonction du pays ou territoire où vous vous trouvez.
En savoir plus
.
« Données personnelles » désigne toutes les informations se rapportant à une personne identifiée ou identifiable, y compris les informations vous concernant que vous nous fournissez et que nous collectons lorsque vous interagissez avec nos services (p. ex., les informations relatives à votre appareil ou votre adresse IP).
« Services » désigne les produits et services fournis par Stripe en vertu du contrat d'utilisation du service Stripe et des conditions d'utilisation du service applicables aux consommateurs, et qui peuvent inclure des appareils et des applications fournis par Stripe. Nos « services commerciaux » sont des services que nous fournissons à des entités (« utilisateurs professionnels ») qui nous fournissent directement et indirectement des données personnelles de « client final » en lien avec leurs propres opérations et activités professionnelles. Nos « services aux utilisateurs finaux » sont des services que Stripe fournit directement aux personnes physiques pour leur usage personnel. « Sites » désigne Stripe.com, Link.com et les autres sites Web, applications ou services en ligne de Stripe. Les sites, les services commerciaux et les services aux utilisateurs finaux sont ensemble dénommés les « services ».
Les « partenaires financiers » sont des institutions financières, des banques et d'autres partenaires, tels que des acquéreurs de moyens de paiement, des prestataires de services de paiement et des réseaux de cartes, avec lesquels nous collaborons pour proposer les services.
Selon le contexte, « vous » peut désigner un client final, un utilisateur final, un représentant ou un visiteur :
Lorsque vous utilisez un service aux utilisateurs finaux à des fins personnelles, p. ex. vous inscrire à Link, nous vous considérons comme un « utilisateur final ».
Lorsque vous traitez avec un utilisateur professionnel, p. ex. acheter une paire de chaussures à un utilisateur professionnel utilisant Stripe Checkout pour le traitement des paiements, mais que vous n'effectuez aucune transaction directement avec Stripe, nous vous considérons comme un « client final ».
Lorsque vous agissez pour le compte d'un utilisateur professionnel existant ou potentiel, p. ex., en tant que fondateur d'une entreprise, gestionnaire du compte d'un utilisateur professionnel ou bénéficiaire d'une carte de crédit d’employé qu’un utilisateur professionnel a émise à l’aide de Stripe Issuing, nous vous considérons comme un « représentant ».
Lorsque vous visitez un site et interagissez avec Stripe sans être connecté à un compte Stripe ou que vous communiquez avec Stripe sans être un utilisateur final, un client final ou un représentant , nous vous considérons comme un « visiteur ». Par exemple, vous êtes un visiteur lorsque vous envoyez à Stripe une demande de renseignements concernant nos services.
Dans le cadre de la présente politique de confidentialité , les « données de transaction » désignent les données que nous collectons et utilisons pour traiter les transactions que vous demandez. Certaines données de transaction constituent des données personnelles et peuvent inclure les éléments suivants : votre nom, votre adresse de courriel, votre numéro de téléphone, votre adresse de facturation, votre adresse de livraison, les informations relatives au moyen de paiement utilisé (p. ex. le numéro d’une carte de crédit ou de débit, des coordonnées bancaires ou l'image de la carte que vous avez choisie), des informations relatives au marchand et au lieu d'achat, le montant et la date de l'achat et, dans certains cas, des informations sur les produits achetés.
Selon la nature de l'activité, Stripe agit en tant que « responsable du traitement » et/ou « sous-traitant » (ou « prestataire de services »). Pour en savoir plus sur notre rôle, sur l'entité Stripe responsable au titre de la présente politique, ainsi que sur les bases juridiques du traitement de vos données personnelles, veuillez consulter notre
centre de confidentialité
.
Données personnelles que nous collectons et modalités d'utilisation et de partage
Autres modalités de collecte, d'utilisation et de partage de vos données personnelles
Bases juridiques du traitement des données personnelles
Vos droits et choix
Sécurité et conservation des données
Transferts internationaux de données
Mises à jour et notifications
Clauses propres à un territoire
Nous contacter
Déclaration relative à la protection des données de consommateurs des États-Unis
1. Données personnelles que nous collectons et modalités d'utilisation et de partage
Nos modalités de collecte et d’utilisation des données personnelles varient en fonction de votre rôle (client final, utilisateur final, représentant ou visiteur) et du service utilisé. Par exemple, si vous êtes une entreprise individuelle et que vous souhaitez utiliser nos services commerciaux, nous pouvons collecter des données personnelles dans le cadre de l'inscription de votre entreprise. Il se peut que vous soyez également un client final si vous avez acheté des biens à un autre utilisateur professionnel qui utilise nos services pour le traitement des paiements. Vous pouvez également être un utilisateur final si vous avez utilisé l'un de nos services aux utilisateurs finaux , tel que Link, pour effectuer ces achats.
1.1 Utilisateurs finaux
Nous fournissons des services aux utilisateurs finaux quand nous vous fournissons directement ces services pour votre usage personnel (p. ex., Link). Des informations complémentaires concernant la collecte, l'utilisation et le partage des données personnelles de l'utilisateur final, y compris les
bases juridiques
de leur traitement, sont disponibles dans notre
centre de confidentialité
.
a. Données personnelles que nous collectons concernant les utilisateurs finaux
Utilisation de Link ou association à votre compte bancaire.
Stripe propose « Link », un service vous permettant d'enregistrer vos moyens de paiement sur Stripe pour les utiliser facilement avec nos utilisateurs professionnels. Lorsque vous vous inscrivez à Link, vous acceptez que nous conservions vos données personnelles (p. ex., votre nom, vos coordonnées, vos informations de paiement) sur Stripe. Vous bénéficierez ainsi d'une plus grande simplicité lors des achats que vous effectuerez avec Link. Si vous choisissez de payer avec Link, nous collecterons également les données de transaction liées à vos achats.
En savoir plus
.
Si vous choisissez de nous communiquer vos coordonnées bancaires (y compris en payant à l’aide de votre compte bancaire via Link), Stripe collectera et traitera régulièrement des informations relatives à votre compte (p. ex., des informations sur le titulaire du compte bancaire, les soldes du compte, le numéro et les détails du compte, les transactions exécutées sur le compte et, dans certains cas, les identifiants de connexion). Vous pouvez à tout moment nous demander de ne plus collecter des données de ce type.
En savoir plus
.
Vous avez également la possibilité d'enregistrer des pièces d'identité (p. ex., votre permis de conduire) dans Link et de les partager avec d'autres utilisateurs professionnels.
Paiement de Stripe.
Lorsque vous achetez des biens ou des services directement à partir de Stripe, nous recevons vos données de transaction. Par exemple, lorsque vous effectuez un paiement à Stripe Climate, nous collectons vos coordonnées, les informations de paiement et des informations sur cette transaction.
Services de vérification d'identité.
Nous fournissons un service de vérification d'identité qui compare automatiquement votre pièce d'identité (p. ex., un permis de conduire) avec votre photo (p. ex., un égoportrait). Vous pouvez nous autoriser séparément à utiliser vos données biométriques afin d'améliorer notre technologie de vérification. Vous avez la possibilité de révoquer ce consentement à tout moment.
En savoir plus
.
Informations complémentaires.
Pour en savoir plus sur les autres types de données personnelles que nous pouvons collecter sur les utilisateurs finaux , y compris sur votre activité en ligne et la manière dont vous utilisez nos services aux utilisateurs finaux , consultez la section
Autres modalités de collecte, d'utilisation et de partage de vos données personnelles
ci-dessous.
b. Utilisation et partage des données personnelles des utilisateurs finaux
Services.
Nous utilisons et partageons vos données personnelles pour vous fournir les services aux utilisateurs finaux , qui comprennent l'assistance, la personnalisation (p. ex., les préférences linguistiques et les choix de paramètres) et la communication liée à nos services aux utilisateurs finaux (p. ex., les annonces de mises à jour de notre politique et les informations relatives à nos services). À titre d'exemple, Stripe est susceptible d'utiliser des témoins et des technologies analogues, ou les données que vous fournissez à nos utilisateurs professionnels (p. ex., lorsque vous saisissez votre adresse de courriel sur le site Web d'un utilisateur professionnel) afin de vous identifier et vous aider à utiliser Link lorsque vous consultez le site Web de notre utilisateur professionnel. Pour en savoir plus sur notre utilisation des témoins et des technologies analogues, consultez la
Cookie Policy
de Stripe.
Nos utilisateurs professionnels.
Lorsque vous effectuez des paiements par l'intermédiaire de Link, nous partageons vos données de transaction avec les utilisateurs professionnels auprès desquels vous effectuez des achats.
En savoir plus
. Lorsque vous choisissez d'associer votre compte bancaire à Stripe, vous pouvez également demander à Stripe de partager vos coordonnées bancaires avec les utilisateurs professionnels auprès desquels vous effectuez des achats. Veuillez noter que la manière dont les utilisateurs professionnels utilisent ces informations est décrite dans leurs propres politiques de confidentialité.
Transactions.
Lorsque vous effectuez des paiements via Link, nous utilisons les données personnelles (p. ex., votre nom, vos coordonnées ou vos informations de paiement) que vous avez enregistrées sur Stripe pour valider des transactions avec des utilisateurs professionnels de Stripe. Nous fournissons ces données aux utilisateurs professionnels et aux tiers avec lesquels vous faites affaire et procédons à leur traitement en tant que sous-traitant de données pour le compte de ces utilisateurs professionnels , comme indiqué à la section 1.2 de la présente politique.
Détection de la fraude et prévention des pertes.
Les données personnelles collectées par le biais de nos services (p. ex., Stripe Radar) nous servent à détecter et déjouer les tentatives de fraude dont vous, nous, nos utilisateurs professionnels et nos partenaires financiers sommes la cible et nous éviter ainsi des pertes financières, y compris en détectant les achats non autorisés. Nous sommes susceptibles de fournir des données personnelles vous concernant (notamment vos tentatives de transaction) à nos utilisateurs professionnels et nos partenaires financiers qui utilisent nos services commerciaux de lutte contre la fraude afin qu'ils puissent évaluer le risque de fraude ou de perte associé à une transaction. Consultez
cette page
et
cette page
pour en savoir plus sur les moyens technologiques que nous pouvons utiliser pour évaluer le risque de fraude associé à une tentative de transaction et sur les informations que nous partageons avec les utilisateurs professionnels et les partenaires financiers .
Publicité.
Nous pouvons utiliser vos données personnelles pour évaluer votre admissibilité à d'autres services aux utilisateurs finaux et vous les proposer, ou pour promouvoir les services aux utilisateurs finaux existants. Lorsque la loi le permet (et avec votre consentement, le cas échéant), nous utilisons et partageons les données personnelles de l'utilisateur final avec des tiers afin de pouvoir vous présenter nos services aux utilisateurs finaux , y compris au moyen de publicités basées sur les centres d'intérêt. Nous ne transmettons aucune de vos données personnelles à des tiers en contrepartie d'un paiement, mais nous pouvons transmettre vos données à des partenaires tiers, par exemple des partenaires publicitaires, des prestataires de services d'analyse et des réseaux sociaux, qui nous aident à vous faire connaître nos services.
En savoir plus
.
Informations complémentaires.
Pour en savoir plus sur nos autres modalités d’utilisation et de partage des données personnelles, consultez la section
Autres modalités de collecte, d'utilisation et de partage de vos données personnelles
ci-dessous.
1.2 Clients finaux
Stripe fournit divers services commerciaux aux utilisateurs professionnels , notamment le traitement de leurs paiements en personne ou en ligne, ou de leurs virements. Lorsque nous sommes le prestataire de services (ou « sous-traitant de données ») d'un utilisateur professionnel, nous traitons les données personnelles du client final conformément aux conditions de notre contrat avec l'utilisateur professionnel et selon les instructions licites de ce dernier. C'est le cas, notamment, lorsque nous traitons un paiement pour le compte d’un utilisateur professionnel auquel vous avez acheté un produit ou un service ou lorsque celui-ci nous demande de vous envoyer des fonds.
Les utilisateurs professionnels sont tenus de s'assurer que les droits de leurs clients finaux au respect de leur vie privée sont respectés, notamment en recueillant les consentements nécessaires et en leur fournissant des informations adéquates sur la collecte et l'utilisation des données en lien avec leurs produits et services. Si vous êtes un client final, veuillez consulter la politique de confidentialité de l'utilisateur professionnel auquel vous achetez un produit ou un service afin de connaître ses pratiques, ainsi que les choix et contrôles qu'il vous propose en la matière.
Des informations complémentaires sur la collecte, l'utilisation et le partage des données personnelles du client final, y compris les
bases juridiques
du traitement de vos données personnelles, sont disponibles dans notre
centre de confidentialité
.
a. Données personnelles que nous collectons concernant les clients finaux
Données de transaction.
Si vous êtes un client final qui effectue une transaction en personne ou en ligne avec un utilisateur professionnel, y compris un paiement, la réception d’un remboursement, un achat ou un don, nous recevons vos données de transaction. Nous pouvons également recevoir l'historique de vos transactions avec cet utilisateur professionnel.
En savoir plus
. En outre, nous pouvons obtenir les informations saisies dans un formulaire de paiement, même si vous décidez de ne pas le remplir ou de ne pas effectuer d'achat auprès de l'utilisateur professionnel.
En savoir plus
. Un utilisateur professionnel qui fournit des biens ou services aux clients finaux par le biais de Stripe Teminal peut utiliser ce service pour collecter des données personnelles de clients finaux (p. ex., le nom, l'adresse de courriel, le numéro de téléphone, l'adresse, la signature ou l'âge) conformément à sa propre politique de confidentialité.
Informations relatives aux vérifications d'identité.
Stripe fournit un service de vérification et de prévention de la fraude qui permet aux utilisateurs professionnels de vérifier des données personnelles vous concernant, par exemple votre autorisation d'utiliser un moyen de paiement donné. Pendant la procédure, nous vous demanderons de nous transmettre des données personnelles (p. ex., votre carte d'identité et un égoportrait aux fins d’une vérification biométrique, ou les données personnelles que vous avez saisies ou qui sont visibles sur le moyen de paiement physique, comme l'image de votre carte de crédit). Pour nous protéger contre la fraude et vérifier si quelqu'un tente d'usurper votre identité, nous pouvons comparer ces informations avec celles que nous collectons à votre sujet auprès des utilisateurs professionnels , des partenaires financiers , des entreprises affiliées, des services de vérification d'identité, des sources publiques et d'autres prestataires de services et sources tiers.
En savoir plus
.
Informations complémentaires.
Pour en savoir plus sur les autres types de données personnelles que nous pouvons collecter sur les clients finaux , y compris sur votre activité en ligne, consultez la section
Autres modalités de collecte, d'utilisation et de partage de vos données personnelles
ci-dessous.
b. Utilisation et partage des données personnelles de nos clients finaux
Afin de fournir nos services commerciaux à nos utilisateurs professionnels , nous utilisons des données personnelles de clients finaux et les partageons avec ce dernier. Lorsque nous y sommes autorisés, nous utilisons également les données personnelles des clients finaux dans l'intérêt de Stripe, par exemple pour renforcer la sécurité, améliorer et fournir nos services commerciaux et lutter contre la fraude, les pertes et d'autres préjudices, comme indiqué ci-dessous.
Traitement des paiements et comptabilité.
Nous utilisons vos données de transaction pour fournir à nos utilisateurs professionnels nos services commerciaux relatifs aux paiements, y compris le traitement des paiements en ligne, le calcul des taxes sur les ventes, l’émission et l’envoi de factures, ainsi que l’assistance relative au calcul des revenus, au règlement des factures et à la comptabilité.
En savoir plus
. Nous pouvons également utiliser des données personnelles pour fournir et améliorer nos services commerciaux.
Dans le cadre des transactions de paiement, vos données personnelles sont partagées avec diverses entités liées à votre transaction. En qualité de prestataire de services ou de sous-traitant, nous partageons des données personnelles pour réaliser les transactions demandées par les utilisateurs professionnels. Par exemple, lorsque vous choisissez un moyen de paiement pour effectuer une transaction (p. ex., carte de crédit, carte de débit, paiement différé ou prélèvement automatique), le fournisseur de votre moyen de paiement peut recevoir des données de transaction concernant les transactions effectuées à l’aide de Stripe. L'utilisateur professionnel auquel vous achetez des produits ou services reçoit également des données de transaction qu'il peut partager avec des tiers. Veuillez consulter les politiques de confidentialité de ces derniers pour en savoir plus sur leurs modalités d’utilisation et de partage de vos données personnelles.
Services financiers.
Certains utilisateurs professionnels utilisent nos services pour vous proposer des services financiers par l'intermédiaire de Stripe ou de nos partenaires financiers. Un utilisateur professionnel peut, p. ex., émettre un modèle de carte avec laquelle vous pouvez acheter des biens et des services. Ces cartes peuvent porter le logo de Stripe, d'un partenaire bancaire ou de l'utilisateur professionnel. Outre les données de transaction que nous sommes susceptibles de générer ou de recevoir en lien avec les achats effectués avec ces cartes, nous collectons et utilisons vos données personnelles afin de fournir et de gérer ces produits, notamment en aidant nos utilisateurs professionnels à lutter contre leur utilisation abusive. Pour en savoir plus, veuillez consulter les politiques de confidentialité de l'utilisateur professionnel et, le cas échéant, des partenaires bancaires associés à ce service financier (dont les logos peuvent apparaître sur la carte).
Services de vérification d'identité.
Nous utilisons les données personnelles relatives à votre identité, y compris des informations que vous et nos prestataires de services avez fournies, afin de fournir des services de vérification à Stripe ou aux utilisateurs professionnels avec lesquels vous faites affaire, et ce, dans le but de lutter contre la fraude et de renforcer la sécurité. Si vous nous fournissez un égoportrait et une photo de votre pièce d'identité, nous pouvons utiliser une technologie biométrique pour les comparer et confirmer votre identité.
En savoir plus
.
Détection de la fraude et prévention des pertes.
Nous utilisons vos données personnelles collectées par le biais de nos services pour détecter et prévenir les pertes dont vous, nous, nos utilisateurs professionnels et nos partenaires financiers sommes la cible. Nous pouvons fournir des données personnelles vous concernant (notamment vos tentatives de transaction) à nos utilisateurs professionnels et nos partenaires financiers qui utilisent nos services commerciaux de lutte contre la fraude afin de les aider à évaluer le risque de fraude ou de perte associé à une transaction. Consultez
cette page
et
cette page
pour en savoir plus sur les moyens technologiques que nous pouvons utiliser pour évaluer le risque de fraude associé à une tentative de transaction et les informations que nous partageons avec les utilisateurs professionnels et les partenaires financiers .
Nos utilisateurs professionnels (et leurs tiers autorisés).
Nous partageons les données personnelles des clients finaux avec les utilisateurs professionnels auxquels ils achètent des produits ou services et avec les tiers que ces utilisateurs professionnels ont directement autorisés à les recevoir. Voici quelques exemples courants de ce type de partage :
Lorsqu'un utilisateur professionnel demande à Stripe de fournir à un autre utilisateur professionnel l'accès à son compte Stripe, y compris aux données de ses clients finaux , via Stripe Connect.
Le partage avec un utilisateur professionnel des informations que vous nous avez communiquées afin de pouvoir vous envoyer des paiements pour le compte de cet utilisateur professionnel.
Le partage avec l'utilisateur professionnel des informations, documents ou photos qu’un client final a fournis pour vérifier son identité à l’aide de Stripe Identity, notre service de vérification d'identité.
Les utilisateurs professionnels auxquels vous achetez des produits ou services peuvent également partager vos données personnelles avec des tiers (p. ex., des prestataires de services tiers autres que Stripe). Veuillez consulter la politique de confidentialité de chaque utilisateur professionnel pour en savoir plus.
Publicité par les utilisateurs professionnels .
Si vous initiez un achat, nous partageons des données personnelles avec l'utilisateur professionnel concerné dans le cadre de la fourniture de nos services, et ce, même si vous ne finalisez pas cet achat. Cet utilisateur professionnel peut utiliser vos données personnelles pour commercialiser et promouvoir ses produits ou services, sous réserve des conditions de sa politique de confidentialité. Pour en savoir plus, y compris sur le droit de vous opposer à l'utilisation de vos données personnelles à des fins de marketing, veuillez consulter la politique de confidentialité de l'utilisateur professionnel.
Informations complémentaires.
Pour en savoir plus sur nos autres modalités d’utilisation et de partage des données personnelles des clients finaux , consultez la section
Autres modalités de collecte, d'utilisation et de partage de vos données personnelles
ci-dessous.
1.3 Représentants
Pour fournir des services commerciaux, nous collectons, utilisons et partageons des données personnelles de représentant s d'utilisateurs professionnels (p. ex., un propriétaire d'entreprise). Des informations complémentaires sur la collecte, l'utilisation et le partage des données personnelles de représentant s, y compris les
bases juridiques
de leur traitement, sont disponibles dans notre
centre de confidentialité
.
a. Données personnelles que nous collectons sur les représentant s
Informations d'inscription et coordonnées.
Lorsque vous créez un compte Stripe pour un utilisateur professionnel (y compris la constitution d'une entreprise), nous collectons votre nom et vos identifiants de connexion au compte. Si vous vous inscrivez ou participez à un événement organisé par Stripe, ou si vous acceptez de recevoir les communications de Stripe, nous collectons vos informations d'inscription et de profil. Lorsque vous êtes représentant , nous pouvons collecter vos données personnelles par l'intermédiaire de tiers, y compris des fournisseurs de données, à des fins promotionnelles ou commerciales et pour communiquer avec vous selon les modalités détaillées à la section
Autres modalités de collecte, d'utilisation et de partage de vos données personnelles
ci-dessous. Nous pouvons également associer un lieu à votre compte pour mieux adapter nos services ou informations à vos besoins.
En savoir plus
.
Informations d'identification.
Lorsque vous êtes un utilisateur professionnel, y compris potentiel, le propriétaire d'un utilisateur professionnel ou un actionnaire, dirigeant ou administrateur d'un utilisateur professionnel, nous vous demandons de fournir vos coordonnées, c'est-à-dire votre nom, votre adresse postale, votre numéro de téléphone et votre adresse de courriel afin de satisfaire aux exigences réglementaires et à celles de nos partenaires financiers , de vérifier votre identité et de lutter contre les activités frauduleuses et les préjudices que pourrait subir la plateforme Stripe. Nous collectons des données personnelles vous concernant, par exemple votre participation dans le capital de l'utilisateur professionnel, votre date de naissance, vos pièces d'identité officielles et les identifiants connexes, ainsi que vos éventuels antécédents de fraude ou d’abus divers, directement auprès de vous ou de tiers, p. ex., des agences d'évaluation du crédit, et par l'intermédiaire des services que nous fournissons.
En savoir plus
. Vous pouvez également choisir de fournir vos coordonnées bancaires.
Informations complémentaires.
Pour en savoir plus sur les autres types de données personnelles que nous pouvons collecter sur les représentant s, y compris sur votre activité en ligne, consultez la section
Autres modalités de collecte, d'utilisation et de partage de vos données personnelles
ci-dessous.
b. Utilisation et partage des données personnelles des représentant s
Nous utilisons généralement les données personnelles des représentant s pour fournir les services commerciaux aux utilisateurs professionnels correspondants. Les modalités d'utilisation et de partage de ces données sont détaillées ci-dessous.
Services commerciaux.
Nous utilisons et partageons les données personnelles des représentant s avec des utilisateurs professionnels pour fournir les services que vous ou l'utilisateur professionnel que vous représentez avez demandés.
Dans certains cas, nous pouvons être amenés à communiquer vos données personnelles à une administration publique, p. ex., pour la constitution d'une entreprise ou le calcul et le paiement des taxes sur les ventes applicables. Dans le cadre de nos services commerciaux fiscaux, nous pouvons utiliser vos données personnelles pour déclarer des impôts au nom de l'utilisateur professionnel que vous représentez. Dans le cadre d’Atlas, notre service de constitution d'entreprise, nous pouvons utiliser vos données personnelles pour envoyer des formulaires à l'IRS en votre nom et déposer des documents auprès d'autres administrations publiques, par exemple vos statuts dans votre État de constitution.
Nous partageons les données personnelles des représentant s avec des tiers autorisés à cet effet par l'utilisateur professionnel concerné, tels que des partenaires financiers proposant un produit financier, ou des applications ou services tiers que l'utilisateur professionnel choisit d'utiliser en parallèle de nos services commerciaux. Voici quelques exemples courants de ce type de partage :
Les fournisseurs de moyens de paiement, comme Visa ou WeChat Pay, ont besoin d'informations sur les utilisateurs professionnels et leurs représentant s qui acceptent leurs moyens de paiement. Ces informations sont généralement recueillies lors du processus d'inscription ou pour le traitement des transactions de ces utilisateurs professionnels .
En savoir plus
.
Un utilisateur professionnel peut autoriser Stripe à partager vos données personnelles avec d'autres utilisateurs professionnels pour faciliter l'accès aux services via Stripe Connect.
L'utilisation des données personnelles par un tiers autorisé par un utilisateur professionnel est soumise à la politique de confidentialité de ce tiers.
Si vous êtes un utilisateur professionnel et que vous avez choisi un nom qui inclut des données personnelles (p. ex., une entreprise individuelle ou une dénomination sociale comprenant un nom de famille), nous utilisons et partageons ces informations comme n'importe quel nom d'entreprise dans le cadre de la fourniture de nos services. Nous pouvons, par exemple, les faire apparaître sur les reçus et d’autres documents décrivant des transactions.
Détection de la fraude et prévention des pertes.
Nous utilisons les données personnelles des représentant s pour identifier et gérer les risques d'utilisation frauduleuse de nos services commerciaux qui causerait des pertes à Stripe, aux utilisateurs finaux , aux clients finaux , aux utilisateurs professionnels , aux partenaires financiers et à d’autres personnes. Nous utilisons également des informations vous concernant que nous avons obtenues de tiers, par exemple des agences d'évaluation du crédit, et dans le cadre de nos services pour gérer ces risques, notamment pour identifier des modèles d'utilisation abusive et détecter d’éventuelles violations des conditions d'utilisation du service. Stripe peut être amené à partager les données personnelles de représentant s à des utilisateurs professionnels , à nos partenaires financiers et à des prestataires de services tiers pour vérifier les informations que vous nous avez transmises et identifier des indicateurs de risques.
En savoir plus
. Nous utilisons et partageons également les données personnelles des représentant s afin de procéder à des vérifications préalables, y compris pour lutter contre le blanchiment de capitaux et appliquer les sanctions conformément au droit applicable.
Publicité.
Dans la mesure autorisée par la loi, nous utilisons et partageons les données personnelles des représentant s avec des tiers dans le but de promouvoir et de commercialiser nos services. Sous réserve du droit applicable, y compris toute exigence relative au consentement, nous pouvons promouvoir nos services par le biais de publicités basées sur les centres d'intérêt et suivre leur efficacité. Consultez notre
Cookie Policy
. Nous ne transmettons aucune de vos données personnelles à des tiers en contrepartie d'un paiement. Nous pouvons cependant transmettre vos données à des partenaires tiers, tels que des partenaires publicitaires, des prestataires de services d'analyse et des réseaux sociaux, qui nous aident à faire la publicité de nos services.
En savoir plus
. Nous pouvons également utiliser vos données personnelles, y compris l’activité de votre compte Stripe, pour déterminer si vous pouvez bénéficier de nos services commerciaux, vous les proposer ou promouvoir les services commerciaux existants.
En savoir plus
.
Informations complémentaires.
Pour en savoir plus sur nos autres modalités d’utilisation et de partage des données personnelles des représentant s, consultez la section
Autres modalités de collecte, d'utilisation et de partage de vos données personnelles
ci-dessous.
1.4 Visiteurs
Nous collectons, utilisons et partageons les données personnelles des visiteurs. Des informations complémentaires sur la collecte, l'utilisation et le partage des données personnelles des visiteurs, y compris les
bases juridiques
de leur traitement, sont disponibles dans notre
centre de confidentialité
.
a. Données personnelles que nous collectons sur les visiteurs
Lorsque vous naviguez sur nos Sites, nous recevons vos données personnelles, soit parce que vous nous les fournissez, soit parce que nous utilisons des témoins ou des technologies similaires. Pour en savoir plus, consultez notre
Cookie Policy
. Nous collectons les informations que vous saisissez dans un formulaire sur le Site ou sur des sites tiers où apparaissent nos publicités (tels que LinkedIn ou Facebook). Il peut s'agir de vos coordonnées et d'autres informations se rapportant à vos questions sur nos services. Nous pouvons également associer un lieu à votre visite.
En savoir plus
.
Informations complémentaires.
Pour en savoir plus sur les autres types de données personnelles que nous pouvons collecter sur les visiteurs, y compris sur votre activité en ligne, consultez la section
Autres modalités de collecte, d'utilisation et de partage de vos données personnelles
ci-dessous.
b. Utilisation et partage des données personnelles des visiteurs
Personnalisation.
Nous utilisons les données que nous collectons à votre sujet à l'aide de témoins et de technologies similaires pour mesurer votre engagement avec le contenu des sites, améliorer la pertinence et la navigation, personnaliser votre expérience (p. ex., les préférences linguistiques et le contenu propre à une région) et adapter le contenu de Stripe et de nos services à vos préférences. Par exemple, puisque certains de nos services ne sont pas disponibles dans toutes les régions, nous pouvons adapter nos réponses à votre région.
Publicité.
Dans la mesure autorisée par la loi, nous utilisons et partageons les données personnelles des visiteurs avec des tiers dans le but de promouvoir et de commercialiser nos services. Sous réserve du droit applicable, y compris toute exigence relative au consentement, nous pouvons promouvoir nos services par le biais de publicités basées sur les centres d'intérêt et suivre leur efficacité. Consultez notre
Cookie Policy
. Nous ne transmettons aucune de vos données personnelles à des tiers en contrepartie d'un paiement. Nous pouvons cependant transmettre vos données à des partenaires tiers, tels que des partenaires publicitaires, des prestataires de services d'analyse et des réseaux sociaux, qui nous aident à faire la publicité de nos services.
En savoir plus
.
Engagement.
Lorsque vous naviguez sur nos sites, nous utilisons les informations que nous collectons au sujet et par l’intermédiaire de vos appareils afin de répondre à vos questions par d’autres modes d’interaction, par exemple des discussions sur les services ou des échanges avec des robots conversationnels.
Informations complémentaires.
Pour en savoir plus sur nos autres modalités d’utilisation et de partage des données personnelles des visiteurs, consultez la section
Autres modalités de collecte, d'utilisation et de partage de vos données personnelles
ci-dessous.
2. Autres modalités de collecte, d'utilisation et de partage de vos données personnelles
Outre les modalités décrites ci-dessus, nous traitons vos données personnelles comme suit :
a. Collecte de données personnelles
Activité en ligne.
En fonction du service que vous utilisez et de la mise en œuvre de nos services commerciaux par les utilisateurs professionnels , nous collectons des informations sur :
Les appareils et navigateurs que vous utilisez pour accéder à nos sites et aux sites Web, applications et autres services en ligne de tiers (« sites tiers »).
Les données d'utilisation associées à ces appareils et navigateurs et la manière dont vous utilisez nos services, y compris des données telles que l'adresse IP, les plugiciels, la langue utilisée, le temps passé sur les sites et sites tiers, les pages consultées, les liens sur lesquels vous avez cliqué, les moyens de paiement utilisés et les pages qui vous ont ou dirigé(e) vers nos sites et les sites tiers. Nous collectons également des indicateurs d'activité, comme ceux de la souris, pour mieux détecter la fraude.
En savoir plus
. Consultez également notre
Cookie Policy
.
Informations sur la communication et l'engagement.
Nous collectons également les informations que vous choisissez de nous communiquer par divers canaux, p. ex. les billets d'assistance, les courriels ou les réseaux sociaux. Lorsque vous répondez aux courriels ou sondages de Stripe, nous collectons votre adresse de courriel, votre nom et toute autre information que vous décidez d'inclure dans votre courriel ou vos réponses. Si vous nous contactez par téléphone, nous collectons votre numéro de téléphone ainsi que d'autres informations que vous êtes susceptible de fournir pendant l'appel. Nous collectons également vos données d'engagement telles que votre inscription ou participation à des événements Stripe, ou leur visualisation, ainsi que vos autres interactions avec le personnel de Stripe.
Forums et groupes de discussion.
Lorsque nos sites vous permettent de publier du contenu, nous collectons les données personnelles que vous fournissez dans le cadre de vos publications.
b. Utilisation des données personnelles.
Outre les modalités d'utilisation de vos données personnelles décrites ci-dessus, nous utilisons vos données personnelles comme suit :
Améliorer et développer nos services.
Sur nos sites, nous utilisons des services d'analyses afin de bien saisir votre utilisation de nos sites et services et de diagnostiquer les problèmes techniques. Pour en savoir plus sur notre utilisation des témoins et des services d'analyses de tiers, veuillez consulter notre
Cookie Policy
. Nous collectons et traitons également des données personnelles dans le cadre de nos différents services, que vous soyez un utilisateur final, un client final, un représentant ou un visiteur, pour améliorer nos services, développer de nouveaux services et faire en sorte que nos services vous soient le plus utiles possible.
En savoir plus
.
Communications
. Nous utilisons vos coordonnées pour fournir nos services, qui peuvent nécessiter l’envoi de codes d'authentification par SMS.
En savoir plus
. Si vous êtes un utilisateur final, un représentant ou un visiteur, nous pouvons utiliser les coordonnées dont nous disposons à votre sujet pour vous fournir des informations sur nos services et les services de nos sociétés affiliées, vous inviter à participer à nos événements, sondages ou recherches axées sur les utilisateurs, ou communiquer avec vous d'une autre manière à des fins de marketing, sous réserve du droit applicable, y compris des exigences relatives au consentement. Par exemple, lorsque vous nous fournissez vos coordonnées ou lorsque nous collectons vos coordonnées professionnelles dans le cadre de salons professionnels ou d'autres événements, nous pouvons utiliser ces données pour communiquer avec vous au sujet de cet événement, vous envoyer les informations que vous avez demandées sur nos services et vous inclure dans nos campagnes marketing. Dans la mesure autorisée par la loi, nous pouvons enregistrer nos entretiens téléphoniques avec vous pour fournir nos services, répondre à nos obligations légales, effectuer des recherches et exécuter des opérations d’assurance qualité, ainsi qu'à des fins de formation.
Réseaux sociaux et promotions.
Si vous choisissez de nous transmettre des données personnelles pour participer à une offre, à un programme ou à une promotion, nous les utilisons pour gérer cette offre, ce programme ou cette promotion. Nous utiliserons également ces données personnelles et celles que vous mettez à notre disposition sur les réseaux sociaux à des fins de marketing, sauf si nous n'y sommes pas autorisés.
Prévention de la fraude et sécurité.
Nous collectons et utilisons des données personnelles pour pouvoir identifier et gérer les activités potentiellement frauduleuses ou malveillantes sur l'ensemble de nos services, pour mettre en œuvre nos services commerciaux de détection de la fraude et pour protéger nos services et transactions contre tout accès non autorisé, toute utilisation, toute modification ou tout détournement de données personnelles, d'informations et de fonds. Dans le cadre des activités de prévention et de détection de la fraude, de surveillance de la sécurité et de conformité que nous menons pour le compte de Stripe et de ses utilisateurs professionnels , nous collectons des informations auprès de tiers (y compris des agences d'évaluation du crédit) et par l'intermédiaire des services que nous fournissons. Nous pouvons également collecter, pour les mêmes finalités, des informations vous concernant auprès de vous ou auprès d'utilisateurs professionnels , de partenaires financiers et, dans certains cas, de tiers. Par exemple, pour protéger nos services, nous pouvons recevoir de tiers des adresses IP et d'autres données d'identification relatives à d'éventuelles menaces de sécurité.
En savoir plus
. Ces informations nous permettent d'effectuer des vérifications d'identité, et des contrôles de solvabilité lorsque la loi l’autorise, et de prévenir la fraude. Nous pouvons également utiliser des technologies pour évaluer le risque de fraude lié à des personnes souhaitant bénéficier de nos services commerciaux ou qui résulte de tentatives de transactions d'un client final ou d'un utilisateur final auprès de nos utilisateurs professionnels ou de nos partenaires financiers.
Conformité.
Nous utilisons des données personnelles pour respecter nos obligations contractuelles et légales en matière de lutte contre le blanchiment de capitaux, de connaissance du client, de lutte contre le terrorisme, de protection des clients vulnérables, de contrôle des exportations et d'interdiction de traiter avec des personnes visées par des sanctions ou dans certains secteurs d'activité, ainsi que d'autres obligations légales. Par exemple, nous pouvons surveiller les habitudes liées aux transactions et d'autres signaux en ligne, puis en tirer des enseignements pour identifier la fraude, le blanchiment de capitaux et d'autres activités préjudiciables susceptibles de nuire à Stripe et à nos partenaires financiers , utilisateurs finaux , utilisateurs professionnels et d’autres personnes.
En savoir plus
. La collecte et l'utilisation des données personnelles sont indispensables pour garantir la sécurité et la conformité de nos services, notre priorité.
Personnes mineures.
Nos services ne s'adressent pas aux personnes de moins de 13 ans, auxquelles nous demandons de ne soumettre aucune donnée personnelle pour obtenir des services directement auprès de Stripe. Dans certains pays, nous pouvons imposer des limites d'âge plus élevées, conformément au droit applicable.
c. Partage de données personnelles.
Outre les modalités de partage de données personnelles décrites ci-dessus, nous partageons vos données personnelles comme suit :
Sociétés affiliées à Stripe.
Nous partageons des données personnelles avec d'autres entités affiliées à Stripe aux fins décrites dans la présente Politique.
Fournisseurs de services ou sous-traitants.
Pour fournir, communiquer, commercialiser et promouvoir nos services, nous faisons appel à des prestataires de services. Ces prestataires fournissent différents services essentiels parmi lesquels la fourniture de l'infrastructure infonuagique, l'analyse de nos services pour en évaluer la vitesse, l'exactitude ou la sécurité, la vérification d'identité, le service à la clientèle et l'audit. Nous autorisons ces prestataires de services à utiliser ou à divulguer les données personnelles que nous mettons à disposition afin de fournir des services pour notre compte et respecter les obligations légales applicables. Nous demandons à ces prestataires de services de s'engager par contrat à garantir la sécurité et la confidentialité des données personnelles qu'ils traitent pour notre compte. Nos prestataires de services sont principalement situés dans l'Union européenne, aux États-Unis d'Amérique et en Inde.
En savoir plus
.
Partenaires financiers .
Nous partageons des données personnelles avec certains partenaires financiers afin de fournir des services aux utilisateurs professionnels à leur demande et de proposer certains services en collaboration avec ces partenaires financiers . Par exemple, nous partageons certaines données personnelles relatives aux représentants (p. ex., les données de remboursement de prêts et les coordonnées) avec des investisseurs institutionnels qui achètent ou octroient des crédits garantis par les prêts Capital que nous accordons aux utilisateurs professionnels correspondants.
Autres partages avec consentement.
Dans certains cas, nous ne vous proposons pas de service, mais nous vous recommandons les services d'autres personnes (p. ex., des sociétés de services aux entreprises avec lesquelles nous collaborons pour fournir le service Atlas). En pareil cas, nous vous communiquons l'identité du tiers en question et les informations qui seront partagées avec lui, et recueillons votre consentement au partage en question.
Opérations d'entreprise.
Si nous concluons ou avons l'intention de conclure une transaction qui modifie la structure de notre entreprise, telle qu'une restructuration, une fusion, une vente, une coentreprise, une cession, un transfert, un changement de contrôle ou une autre cession de tout ou partie de notre activité, de nos actifs ou de nos actions, nous pouvons partager des données personnelles avec des tiers dans le cadre de cette transaction. Toute autre entité qui rachèterait tout ou partie de notre entreprise aura le droit de continuer à utiliser vos données personnelles, sous réserve des conditions de la présente politique.
Conformité et prévention des préjudices.
Nous partageons des données personnelles lorsque cela est à nos yeux nécessaire pour nous conformer au droit applicable, pour respecter les règles d'un partenaire financier applicables à l'utilisation de son moyen de paiement, pour faire respecter nos droits contractuels, pour sécuriser ou protéger les services, les droits, la confidentialité, la sécurité et les biens de Stripe, les vôtres et ceux d'autrui, y compris contre des activités malveillantes ou frauduleuses, et pour répondre aux demandes des autorités judiciaires, de la police, des organismes de régulation et d'autres autorités publiques, qui peuvent être situées en dehors de votre pays de résidence.
3. Bases juridiques du traitement des données personnelles
En application du règlement général européen sur la protection des données et d'autres textes législatifs applicables en la matière, nous nous fondons sur plusieurs bases juridiques pour traiter vos données personnelles.
En savoir plus
. D’autres bases juridiques peuvent exister dans certains territoires, et sont décrites à la section
Clauses propres à un territoire
ci-dessous.
a. Relations commerciales contractuelles et précontractuelles.
Nous traitons des données personnelles afin de nouer des relations commerciales avec des utilisateurs professionnels et utilisateurs finaux potentiels, et de remplir nos obligations contractuelles à l'égard de ces derniers. Ces activités de traitement comprennent :
La création et la gestion de comptes Stripe et d'identifiants de comptes Stripe, y compris l'évaluation de demandes d'utilisation ou d'élargissement de l'utilisation de nos services;
La création et la gestion de comptes Stripe Checkout;
Des opérations de comptabilité, d'audit et de facturation; et
Le traitement des paiements et activités connexes, y compris la détection de la fraude, la prévention des pertes, l'optimisation des transactions, les communications relatives à ces paiements et les opérations de service à la clientèle qui y sont liées.
b. Conformité.
Nous traitons les données personnelles pour vérifier l'identité des individus et des entités et nous conformer ainsi aux obligations de surveillance, de prévention et de détection de la fraude, aux lois relatives à l'identification et au signalement des activités illégales et illicites, notamment celles prévues par les réglementations relatives à la « lutte contre le blanchiment de capitaux » (« Anti-Money Laundering » ou « AML ») et à la connaissance du client (« Know-Your-Customer » ou « KYC ») ainsi qu'aux obligations en matière d'information financière. Par exemple, nous pouvons être tenus d'enregistrer et de vérifier l'identité d'un utilisateur professionnel afin de nous conformer aux réglementations visant à prévenir le blanchiment de capitaux, la fraude et la criminalité financière. Ces obligations légales peuvent nous obliger à démontrer notre conformité à des tiers et à nous soumettre à des vérifications effectuées par des tiers.
c. Intérêts légitimes.
Lorsque la législation applicable le permet, le traitement de vos données personnelles est guidé par nos intérêts légitimes. La liste suivante donne des exemples de finalités commerciales pour lesquelles nous avons un intérêt légitime à traiter vos données :
La détection, la surveillance et la prévention de la fraude et des paiements non autorisés;
La réduction des pertes financières et autres préjudices que les clients finaux , les utilisateurs finaux , les utilisateurs professionnels , les partenaires financiers et Stripe pourraient subir, les prétentions qui pourraient être formulées à leur encontre et les obligations qui pourraient leur incomber;
La détermination de l'admissibilité à des services Stripe et la proposition de nouveaux services Stripe (
En savoir plus
);
La réponse aux demandes, l'envoi d’avis relatifs aux services et la fourniture d'une assistance à la clientèle;
La promotion, l'analyse, la modification et l'amélioration de nos services (y compris l'amélioration de leur fiabilité), systèmes et outils, et le développement de nouveaux produits et services;
La gestion, l'exploitation et l'amélioration des performances de nos sites et services en analysant leur efficacité et en optimisant nos actifs numériques;
L'analyse et la promotion de nos services, ainsi que les améliorations correspondantes;
Les analyses globales et le développement des informations stratégiques permettant de poursuivre et de protéger notre activité, de prendre des décisions éclairées et de produire des rapports de performance sur notre activité;
Le partage des données personnelles avec des prestataires tiers qui proposent des services en notre nom et des partenaires commerciaux qui nous aident à exercer et améliorer notre activité (
En savoir plus)
;
La garantie de la sécurité du réseau et des informations dans l'ensemble de l'entreprise Stripe et de nos services; et
Le partage des données personnelles avec nos sociétés affiliées.
d. Consentement.
Nous pouvons nous appuyer sur le consentement ou le consentement explicite pour collecter et traiter les données personnelles relatives à la manière dont nous interagissons avec vous et à la fourniture de nos services comme Link, Financial Connections, Atlas et Identity. Lorsque nous traitons des données personnelles sur la base de votre consentement, vous avez le droit de retirer votre consentement à tout moment sans que cela remette en question la licéité des traitements effectués avant ce retrait.
e. Motif d'intérêt public important.
Nous pouvons traiter des catégories particulières de données personnelles, au sens du RGPD, lorsque ce traitement est nécessaire pour des motifs d'intérêt public importants et conforme à la loi en vigueur, p. ex. lorsque nous effectuons des contrôles de personnes politiquement exposées. Nous pouvons également traiter des données personnelles relatives à des condamnations pénales et à des infractions lorsque ce traitement est autorisé par la loi en vigueur, p. ex. lorsque nous procédons à un contrôle des sanctions pour nous conformer aux exigences en matière de lutte contre le blanchiment de capitaux (AML) et de connaissance du client (KYC).
4. Vos droits et choix
En fonction de votre pays de résidence et sous réserve du droit applicable, vous pouvez faire certains choix concernant la collecte, l'utilisation et la divulgation de vos données personnelles :
a. Refuser de recevoir nos communications électroniques
Si vous ne souhaitez plus recevoir de courriels marketing de notre part, vous pouvez vous désabonner en cliquant sur le lien de désabonnement figurant dans ces courriels ou en suivant les instructions de
cette page
. Nous nous efforcerons de répondre à votre ou vos demandes dans les plus brefs délais. Veuillez noter que, même si vous refusez de recevoir des courriels marketing de notre part, nous conservons le droit de vous envoyer des communications concernant les services qui vous sont fournis (p. ex., assistance et avis juridiques importants) et nos utilisateurs professionnels pourront toujours vous envoyer des messages ou nous demander de vous envoyer des messages en leur nom.
b. Vos droits en matière de protection des données
En fonction de votre pays de résidence et sous réserve du droit applicable, vous pouvez disposer des droits suivants en ce qui concerne les données personnelles que nous traitons à votre sujet :
Le droit de demander la confirmation que Stripe traite des données personnelles vous concernant et, le cas échéant, de demander l'accès à ces données personnelles (
En savoir plus
);
Le droit de demander à Stripe de rectifier ou de mettre à jour vos données personnelles si celles-ci sont inexactes, incomplètes ou obsolètes;
Dans des circonstances particulières prévues par la loi, le droit de demander à Stripe d’effacer vos données personnelles (
En savoir plus
);
Le droit de demander à Stripe de limiter le traitement de vos données personnelles dans certaines circonstances, notamment lorsque Stripe examine une autre demande de votre part (p. ex., une demande de mise à jour de vos données personnelles);
Le droit de demander que les données personnelles que nous détenons à votre sujet soient transférées vers une autre entreprise, à condition que cela soit techniquement possible;
Le droit de retirer le consentement sur lequel le traitement de vos données personnelles est basé;
Le droit de vous opposer au traitement de vos données personnelles si celui-ci répond à nos intérêts légitimes. À moins qu'il n'existe des motifs légitimes impérieux de le faire ou que le traitement soit nécessaire pour des raisons juridiques, nous cesserons de traiter vos données personnelles à la réception de votre objection (
En savoir plus
);
Le droit de ne pas subir de discriminations dans l'exercice de ces droits; et
Le droit de faire appel de toute décision de Stripe relative à ces droits en envoyant un courriel au responsable de la protection des données (« DPO ») de Stripe à l'adresse
dpo@stripe.com
.
Il est possible que le droit applicable vous confère des droits supplémentaires concernant vos données personnelles. Par exemple, consultez la section concernant les dispositions propres aux États-Unis ci-dessous.
c. Marche à suivre pour faire valoir vos droits en matière de protection des données
Pour exercer vos droits en matière de protection des données, rendez-vous dans notre
centre de confidentialité
ou contactez-nous aux coordonnées indiquées ci-dessous.
5. Sécurité et conservation des données
Nous nous efforçons d'assurer un niveau de sécurité adapté aux risques associés au traitement de vos données personnelles. Nous prenons des mesures organisationnelles, techniques et administratives pour empêcher tout accès non autorisé à vos données personnelles couvertes par la présente politique, ainsi que leur destruction, perte, modification ou détournement.
En savoir plus
. Malheureusement, il est impossible de garantir qu'un quelconque système de stockage ou de transmission des données soit sûr à 100 %.
Nous vous invitons à nous aider à protéger vos données personnelles. Si vous avez un compte Stripe, il vous suffit d'utiliser un mot de passe fort, de protéger votre mot de passe contre toute utilisation non autorisée et de ne pas utiliser avec vos comptes Stripe des identifiants de connexion identiques à ceux que vous utilisez avec d'autres comptes et services. Si vous estimez que vos interactions avec nous ne sont plus sécurisées (p. ex., si vous pensez que la sécurité de votre compte Stripe a été compromise),
contactez-nous
immédiatement.
Nous conservons vos données personnelles aussi longtemps que nous vous fournissons des services ou que nous les fournissons à nos utilisateurs professionnels , ou pendant toute la période au cours de laquelle nous vous fournirons des services selon des prévisions raisonnables. Même après avoir cessé de fournir des services à vous ou à un utilisateur professionnel auquel vous achetez des produits ou services, et même après que vous ayez clôturé votre compte Stripe ou effectué une transaction avec un utilisateur professionnel, nous pouvons être amenés à conserver vos données personnelles pour :
Respecter nos obligations légales et réglementaires;
Exécuter des opérations de surveillance, de détection et de prévention de la fraude; et
Nous conformer à nos obligations fiscales, comptables et financières, y compris en vertu de nos engagements contractuels à l’égard de nos partenaires financiers (et lorsque la conservation des données est prescrite par les moyens de paiement que vous avez utilisés).
Lorsque nous conservons vos données personnelles, nous le faisons conformément aux délais de prescription et aux obligations de conservation imposés par la législation applicable.
En savoir plus
.
6. Transferts internationaux de données
En tant que multinationale, nous pouvons être amenés à transférer vos données personnelles vers d'autres pays que le vôtre, y compris vers les États-Unis. Ces pays peuvent avoir des réglementations relatives à la protection des données différentes de celles de votre pays. Lorsque nous transférons des données vers d'autres pays, nous prenons des mesures pour respecter les lois applicables à ce transfert en matière de protection des données. Dans certains cas, nous pouvons être tenus de divulguer des données personnelles en réponse à des demandes licites émanant d'autorités publiques, par exemple les autorités chargées de la sécurité, la police ou la justice.
En savoir plus
.
Si votre entreprise est établie dans l’espace économique européen (« EEE »), au Royaume-Uni (« UK ») ou en Suisse, consultez notre
centre de confidentialité
pour en savoir plus. Lorsqu'un mécanisme permettant le transfert de données est prévu par le droit applicable, nous utilisons un ou plusieurs des mécanismes suivants :
Les transferts vers certains pays ou destinataires dont le niveau de protection des données personnelles est jugé adéquat au regard du droit applicable.
Les clauses contractuelles types de l'UE approuvées par la Commission européenne et l’addendum sur le transfert international de données du Royaume-Uni publié par le Bureau du commissaire à l’information (Information Commissioner's Office). Vous pouvez obtenir une copie des clauses contractuelles types pertinentes.
En savoir plus
.
D'autres procédés licites prévus par le droit applicable.
Stripe, Inc. se conforme au Cadre de protection des données UE-États-Unis (EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework), à l'extension britannique au Cadre de protection des données UE-États-Unis et au Cadre de protection des données Suisse-États-Unis (Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework) tels que définis par le ministère américain du Commerce, dans la mesure où ils sont applicables.
En savoir plus
.
7. Mises à jour et notifications
Nous pouvons modifier la présente Politique à tout moment afin de refléter de nouveaux services, des changements dans nos pratiques de confidentialité ou dans les lois applicables. La mention « Dernière mise à jour » qui apparaît en haut de la présente Politique indique la date à laquelle la Politique a été modifiée pour la dernière fois. Toutes les modifications prennent effet lorsque nous publions la Politique mise à jour sur les Services ou fournissons une notification de la mise à jour comme l’exige la loi.
Nous pouvons vous fournir des informations et alertes concernant la Politique ou les Données Personnelles collectées en les publiant sur notre site Internet et, si vous êtes un Utilisateur Final ou un Représentant, en vous contactant via votre Stripe Dashboard, votre adresse e-mail et/ou votre adresse postale enregistrée dans votre compte Stripe.
Si le droit applicable nous impose de vous informer d’une manière spécifique avant d’apporter des modifications à la présente Politique qui s’appliquent à vous, nous vous enverrons cette notification requise.
8. Clauses propres à un territoire
Australie.
Si vous résidez en Australie et que vous n'êtes pas satisfait(e) de la manière dont nous avons traité votre réclamation au titre de la présente politique, vous pouvez contacter le Bureau du commissaire australien à l'information (Office of the Australian Information Commissioner).
Brésil.
Pour exercer vos droits, vous pouvez envoyer un courriel à notre DPO à l'adresse
dpo@stripe.com
. Les résidents brésiliens auxquels s'applique la Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (« LGPD ») disposent des droits énoncés à l'article 18 de cette loi.
Canada.
Dans le cadre de la présente politique, le « droit applicable » comprend la Loi sur la protection des renseignements personnels et les documents électroniques (LPRPDE), la Loi sur la protection des renseignements personnels, SBC 2003 c 63, de la Colombie-Britannique, la Loi sur la protection des renseignements personnels, SA 2003 c P-6.5, de l'Alberta et la Loi sur la protection des renseignements personnels dans le secteur privé, CQLR c P-39-1, du Québec. Les « données personnelles » comprennent les « renseignements personnels » au sens de ces textes.
Québec
. Le responsable de la protection des données personnelles de Stripe est responsable des renseignements personnels au regard de la Loi sur la protection des renseignements personnels dans le secteur privé. Vous pouvez lui envoyer un courriel à l'adresse suivante : privacy@stripe.com. Nous pouvons transférer les données personnelles que nous collectons auprès de résidents du Québec vers des centres de données situés aux États-Unis. Les prestataires de service auxquels nous confions le traitement des données personnelles peuvent également être établis sur d'autres territoires que le Québec.
Vous avez le droit de demander l'accès aux données personnelles que nous détenons à votre sujet ou leur rectification, ainsi que le droit de retirer votre consentement au traitement de ces données personnelles. Vous pouvez exercer ces droits en envoyant un courriel au responsable de la protection des données personnelles (Chief Privacy Officer) de Stripe à l'adresse suivante : privacy@stripe.com. Si vous êtes un client final, veuillez contacter l'utilisateur professionnel avec lequel vous avez effectué une transaction pour exercer vos droits.
EEE et Royaume-Uni.
Pour exercer vos droits, vous pouvez envoyer un courriel à notre DPO à l'adresse
dpo@stripe.com
. Si vous résidez dans l'EEE ou si Stripe Payments Europe Limited est identifié comme étant votre responsable du traitement, et si vous estimez que le traitement de vos données n'est pas conforme au Règlement général sur la protection des données (RGPD), vous pouvez adresser vos questions ou réclamations à la Commission irlandaise de protection des données (Irish Data Protection Commission). Si vous résidez au Royaume-Uni, vous pouvez adresser vos questions ou préoccupations au Bureau du commissaire britannique à l'information (UK Information Commissioner's Office). Lorsque des données personnelles sont utilisées dans le cadre d'activités financières réglementées en Europe, Stripe Payments Europe Limited et les entités locales réglementées de Stripe sont considérées comme les responsables conjoints du traitement.
En savoir plus
. Vous disposez de droits supplémentaires au titre du Cadre de protection des données UE-États-Unis et de l'extension britannique au Cadre de protection des données UE-États-Unis.
En savoir plus
.
Inde.
Dans le cadre de la présente politique, le « droit applicable » comprend la Loi sur la protection des données personnelles numériques (DPDPA) une fois promulguée. Le terme « responsable du traitement » inclut les « data fiduciaries » et le terme « personne concernée » inclut le « data principal », au sens de la loi DPDPA.
Dans certains cas, et conformément à la loi DPDPA, l'« utilisation légitime » peut constituer une base juridique. C'est le cas, par exemple, lorsque vous nous transmettez volontairement vos données personnelles. Le « responsable du consentement », au sens de la loi DPDPA, peut formuler une demande de révocation ou donner son consentement selon les modalités énoncées à la section Nous contacter ci-dessous, ou comme indiqué dans le paragraphe suivant, ou par tout autre moyen proposé par Stripe à l'avenir. Nous pouvons vous demander des justificatifs d'autorisation et d'identité avant de traiter votre demande.
Dans certains cas, Stripe India Private Limited ou ses prestataires de services de vérification tiers peuvent vous demander de consentir à la collecte et au traitement de votre numéro Aadhaar. Cette collecte vise à faciliter le processus de vérification de votre identité, conformément aux lois applicables. La communication de vos informations Aadhaar est purement volontaire. Vous pouvez nous fournir d'autres pièces d'identité que nous pouvons accepter dans certains cas. Aucun service ne vous sera refusé au seul motif que vous n'avez pas fourni vos informations Aadhaar.
Si vous avez des questions ou des réclamations concernant le traitement de vos données personnelles en Inde, ou si vous souhaitez recevoir la présente politique ou échanger avec nous au sujet de la protection des données dans l'une des langues officielles de l'Inde, veuillez
contacter notre Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
En savoir plus
. Vous pouvez également contacter notre DPD à l'adresse suivante :
dpo@stripe.com
. Dans l'éventualité où nous ne serions pas en mesure de répondre à votre réclamation ou à votre demande, vous pouvez vous adresser au Conseil de protection des données de l'Inde (Data Protection Board of India).
Indonésie.
Dans le cadre de la présente politique, le « droit applicable » comprend la loi n° 11 de 2008, telle que modifiée par la loi n° 19 de 2016 sur les informations et les transactions électroniques, le règlement gouvernemental n° 71 de 2019 sur la mise en œuvre des systèmes et transactions électroniques, le règlement n° 20 de 2016 du ministre de la communication et de l'informatique sur la protection des données personnelles dans les systèmes électroniques et, à partir de septembre 2024, la loi n° 27 de 2022 relative à la protection des données personnelles (loi PDP). Si vous avez des questions ou réclamations à formuler au sujet de la présente politique, veuillez contacter notre DPD à l'adresse suivante :
dpo@stripe.com
.
Japon.
Dans le cadre de la présente politique, le « droit applicable » comprend la Loi sur la protection des informations personnelles (Act on the Protection of Personal Information ou APPI). Lorsque nous transférons des données personnelles de personnes concernées vers le Japon ou des pays qui ne sont pas jugés « adéquats » par la Commission de protection des informations personnelles, nous concluons des accords écrits avec des tiers situés en dehors du Japon. Ces accords écrits confèrent des droits et imposent des obligations similaires à ceux conférés et celles imposées par la loi japonaise sur la protection des informations personnelles. Pour en savoir plus sur la manière dont nous veillons à ce que les tiers protègent vos données et sur l'emplacement de vos données, veuillez vous reporter aux stipulations précédentes ou nous contacter aux coordonnées indiquées ci-dessous. Pour prendre connaissance des systèmes et cadres étrangers qui peuvent influer sur la mise en œuvre de mesures équivalentes par le tiers en question, veuillez consulter
cette page
.
Dans certains cas, et conformément à la loi APPI, l'« intérêt public » peut constituer une base juridique, p. ex. pour la détection de la fraude et la prévention des pertes.
Malaisie.
Si vous avez des questions ou réclamations à formuler au sujet de la présente politique, veuillez contacter notre DPD à l'adresse suivante :
dpo@stripe.com.
Singapour.
Dans le cadre de la présente politique, le « droit applicable » comprend la Loi de 2012 sur la protection des données personnelles (Personal Data Protection Act ou PDPA) (n° 26 de 2012), avec ses modifications successives. Dans certains cas, et conformément à la loi PDPA, le « consentement présumé » peut constituer une base juridique. C'est le cas, par exemple, lorsque vous nous transmettez volontairement vos données personnelles.
Si vous avez des questions ou réclamations à formuler au sujet de la présente politique, veuillez contacter notre DPD à l'adresse suivante :
dpo@stripe.com
.
Suisse.
Dans le cadre de la présente politique, le « droit applicable » comprend la Loi fédérale suisse sur la protection des données (LPD), telle que révisée. Pour exercer les droits que vous confère la LPD, veuillez contacter notre DPD à l'adresse suivante :
dpo@stripe.com
. Vous pouvez disposer de droits supplémentaires au titre du Cadre de protection des données Suisse-États-Unis lorsqu’il sera en vigueur.
En savoir plus
.
Thaïlande.
Dans le cadre de la présente politique, le « droit applicable » comprend la Loi de 2019 sur la protection des données personnelles (Personal Data Protection ou PDPA). Si nous nous fondons sur certaines bases juridiques (telles que l'« obligation légale » ou la « nécessité contractuelle ») et que vous ne nous fournissez pas de données personnelles, nous risquons de ne pas pouvoir vous fournir légalement des services. Si vous avez des questions ou réclamations à formuler au sujet de la présente politique, veuillez contacter notre DPD à l'adresse suivante :
dpo@stripe.com
.
États-Unis.
Si vous êtes un consommateur situé aux États-Unis, nous traitons vos informations personnelles conformément aux lois applicables aux États-Unis en matière de protection des données, y compris la Loi de Californie sur la protection des données personnelles du consommateur (California Consumer Privacy Act ou « CCPA »), le Colorado Privacy Act, le Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, le Florida Digital Bill of Rights, le Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, l'Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, le Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, l'Utah Consumer Privacy Act et le Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Pour en savoir plus, consultez
cette page
. Stripe utilise des témoins, y compris des témoins publicitaires, comme indiqué dans notre
Cookie Policy
.
Vos droits et choix.
En tant que consommateur des États-Unis et sous réserve de certaines limites imposées par les lois des États-Unis en matière de protection des données, vous pouvez disposer de certains choix concernant l'utilisation et la divulgation de vos données personnelles (
en savoir plus
sur les indicateurs relatifs aux droits des personnes concernées). Outre les
droits susmentionnés
, il existe d'autres droits :
Exercice du droit de savoir : vous avez le droit de demander des informations supplémentaires sur les catégories d'informations personnelles collectées, vendues, divulguées ou partagées; les finalités pour lesquelles ces informations personnelles ont été collectées, vendues ou partagées; les catégories de sources d'informations personnelles; et les catégories de tiers auxquels nous avons divulgué ou communiqué ces informations personnelles.
Exercice du droit d'opposition à la vente ou au partage de vos informations : Nous ne transmettons aucune de vos données personnelles à des tiers en contrepartie d'un paiement. Nous pouvons cependant, comme indiqué ci-dessus, transmettre des données à des partenaires tiers, tels que des partenaires publicitaires, des prestataires de services d'analyse et des réseaux sociaux, qui nous aident à vous faire connaître nos produits et nos services. Dans la mesure où ces tiers peuvent utiliser les données fournies par Stripe à des fins propres, il est possible que la fourniture de données par Stripe à ces tiers soit réputée constituer une vente (« sale ») ou un partage (« sharing ») de données, au sens de la CCPA et d'autres lois des États-Unis applicables en matière de protection des données. Pour refuser la publicité ciblée et toute « vente » ou tout « partage » de données à cet effet, cliquez
ici
.
Exercice du droit de limiter l'utilisation ou le partage des informations personnelles sensibles : nous ne vendons ni ne partageons aucune information personnelle sensible au sens des lois des États-Unis en matière de protection des données, et ne l'avons pas fait au cours des 12 derniers mois. Pour en savoir plus sur nos activités de collecte et d'utilisation d’informations personnelles sensibles au cours des 12 derniers mois, consultez
cette page
.
Pour demander l'exercice de l'un des droits décrits ci-dessus, veuillez nous contacter par l'un des moyens indiqués à la section « Nous contacter » ci-dessous. Veuillez noter que les droits accordés par certaines lois d’État des États-Unis ne s'appliquent pas aux données personnelles que nous collectons, traitons et divulguons lorsque vous agissez en qualité de consommateur pour obtenir de Stripe des produits ou des services financiers aux fins d’un usage personnel ou domestique. La loi fédérale Gramm-Leach Bliley Act régit la manière dont Stripe partage et protège ces données. Consultez notre
déclaration relative à la protection des données de consommateurs des États-Unis
ci-dessous pour en savoir plus.
Pour confirmer que vous êtes bien l'auteur de cette demande, nous vous demanderons de l'envoyer à partir de l'adresse de courriel associée à votre compte ou de nous fournir les informations nécessaires à la vérification de votre identité, notamment votre nom, votre adresse, l'historique de vos transactions, une photo d'identité et d'autres informations associées à votre compte.
Vous pouvez désigner, par écrit ou par la voie d'une procuration, un mandataire habilité à faire des demandes en votre nom pour exercer vos droits au titre de la loi CCPA. Votre mandataire peut envoyer une demande en votre nom en nous contactant par l'un des moyens décrits à la section « Nous contacter » ci-dessous. Dans ce cas également, nous pourrons vous demander de vérifier directement votre identité et de confirmer que vous avez autorisé ce mandataire à envoyer la demande.
Signaux Global Privacy Control.
Stripe respecte les signaux envoyés par le Global Privacy Control (GPC) concernant les préférences en matière de confidentialité.
En savoir plus
.
9. Nous contacter
Si vous avez des questions ou réclamations à formuler au sujet de la présente politique, veuillez
nous contacter
. Si vous êtes un client final (c'est-à-dire une personne physique traitant avec un utilisateur professionnel) et que vous souhaitez en savoir plus sur les pratiques d'un utilisateur professionnel en matière de confidentialité, ainsi que les choix et contrôles qu'il vous accorde dans ce domaine, veuillez consulter sa politique ou sa déclaration de confidentialité ou le contacter directement.
10. Déclaration relative à la protection des données de consommateurs des États-Unis
Si vous êtes un particulier résidant aux États-Unis et que vous utilisez les services financiers de Stripe à des fins personnelles, familiales ou domestiques principalement, la présente déclaration relative à la protection des données de consommateurs des États-Unis s’applique.
Dernière mise à jour : 16 janvier 2024
INFORMATIONS CLÉS
QUE FAIT STRIPE DE VOS INFORMATIONS PERSONNELLES?
Pourquoi?
Les sociétés financières décident de la manière dont elles partagent vos informations personnelles. La loi fédérale confère aux consommateurs le droit de limiter certains partages. La loi fédérale exige également que nous vous informions de la manière dont nous collectons, partageons et protégeons vos informations personnelles. Veuillez lire attentivement la présente déclaration pour en savoir plus sur nos activités.
Quoi?
Les types d'informations personnelles que nous collectons et partageons dépendent du produit ou du service Stripe que vous utilisez. Il peut s'agir des informations suivantes :
Le numéro de sécurité sociale
Les coordonnées
Le solde du compte et l'historique des transactions
Les informations relatives aux paiements, aux transactions et aux achats, et leur historique
Lorsque vous n'êtes
plus
client chez nous, nous continuons à partager vos informations conformément aux dispositions de la présente déclaration.
Comment?
Les sociétés financières partagent toutes des informations personnelles de leurs clients pour exercer leurs activités au quotidien. Dans la section ci-dessous, vous trouverez une liste des raisons qui poussent les sociétés financières à partager les informations personnelles de leurs clients, des raisons pour lesquelles Stripe décide de partager ces informations et des cas dans lesquels vous pouvez limiter ce partage.
Raisons qui motivent le partage de vos informations personnelles
Est-ce que Stripe partage?
Pouvez-vous limiter ce partage
À des fins commerciales courantes, par exemple le traitement de vos transactions, la gestion de votre ou vos compte(s), la réponse à des décisions de justice et à des enquêtes judiciaires ou la communication d'informations à des agences d'évaluation du crédit
Oui
Non
À des fins de marketing, pour vous proposer nos produits et services
Oui
Non
Aux fins d’opérations marketing menées en collaboration avec d'autres sociétés financières
Oui
Non
Aux fins des activités courantes de nos sociétés affiliées, des informations relatives à vos transactions et à vos expériences
Oui
Non
Aux fins des activités courantes de nos sociétés affiliées, des informations relatives à votre solvabilité
Non
Aucun partage de notre part
Pour permettre à nos sociétés affiliées de vous présenter leurs produits ou services
Non
Aucun partage de notre part
Si vous utilisez Link, pour permettre à des sociétés non affiliées de vous présenter leurs produits ou services
Oui
Oui
Si vous utilisez Financial Connections, pour permettre à des sociétés non affiliées de vous présenter leurs produits ou services
Non
Aucun partage de notre part
Pour limiter le partage de vos informations
Rendez-vous à l'adresse suivante :
https://support.link.com
Veuillez noter les informations suivantes :
Si vous êtes un nouveau client, nous pouvons commencer à partager vos informations dans les 30 jours suivant la date d'envoi de la présente déclaration. Lorsque vous cessez d’être notre client, nous continuons à partager vos informations conformément aux dispositions de la présente déclaration.
Vous pouvez néanmoins nous contacter à tout moment pour limiter le partage de vos informations.
Des questions?
Contactez-nous à l'adresse
privacy@stripe.com
ou consultez la page suivante :
https://support.link.com
Qui nous sommes
Qui est à l’origine de la présente déclaration?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company et leurs sociétés affiliées qui fournissent des services aux particuliers aux États-Unis.
Ce que nous faisons
Comment Stripe protège-t-elle mes informations personnelles?
Conformément à la loi fédérale, nous avons recours à des mesures de sécurité visant à protéger vos informations personnelles de tout accès non autorisé, de toute destruction, de toute perte, de toute modification ou de toute utilisation abusive. Ces mesures consistent notamment à mettre en place des dispositifs de protection informatique et à protéger les dossiers et les bâtiments. Nous avons mis en place des contrôles d'accès ainsi qu'une surveillance continue afin d'empêcher l'utilisation abusive des données, et nous exigeons de nos prestataires de services qu’ils prennent des mesures similaires pour protéger vos informations.
Comment Stripe collecte-t-elle mes informations personnelles?
Nous collectons vos informations personnelles, par exemple, lorsque vous
ouvrez un compte Link;
demandez à Stripe de traiter un paiement de biens ou de services;
communiquez vos coordonnées bancaires à Stripe via Financial Connections
Nous collectons également vos informations personnelles auprès de tiers, tels que des sociétés affiliées ou d'autres entreprises.
Pourquoi je ne peux pas limiter la totalité des partages?
La loi fédérale vous confère le droit de limiter uniquement
le partage des informations relatives à votre solvabilité avec des sociétés affiliées aux fins d'activités courantes
l'utilisation de vos informations par des sociétés affiliées dans le but de vous proposer des offres commerciales
le partage d'informations avec des sociétés non affiliées souhaitant vous proposer des offres commerciales
Les lois d'État et certaines entreprises peuvent vous accorder des droits supplémentaires en matière de limitation des partages des données. Consultez la section Autres informations importantes ci-dessous pour en savoir plus sur vos droits en vertu des lois d'État.
Que se passe-t-il si je limite le partage des informations relatives à un compte que je détiens conjointement avec quelqu'un d'autre?
Les choix que vous faites s'appliquent à l'ensemble des titulaires du compte.
Définitions
Sociétés affiliées
Sociétés avec lesquelles il existe un point commun en matière de propriété ou de contrôle. Il peut s'agir de sociétés financières ou non financières.
Nos sociétés affiliées sont notamment des entreprises qui opèrent sous le nom de Stripe, telles que Stripe Payments Europe, Limited et Stripe Payments UK Ltd.
Sociétés non affiliées
Sociétés avec lesquelles il n’existe aucun point commun en matière de propriété ou de contrôle. Il peut s'agir de sociétés financières ou non financières.
Les sociétés non affiliées avec lesquelles nous partageons des informations personnelles sont notamment les prestataires qui fournissent des services ou prennent en charge certaines fonctions en notre nom, les utilisateurs professionnels avec lesquels vous effectuez des transactions, les partenaires avec lesquels nous partageons des données pour vous fournir des services, ainsi que les partenaires publicitaires, les prestataires de services d'analyse et les réseaux sociaux, qui nous aident à vous faire connaître nos produits et nos services.
Marketing conjoint
Un accord formel conclu entre des sociétés financières non affiliées dans le but de vous proposer ensemble des produits ou des services financiers.
Nos partenaires de marketing conjoint comprennent des sociétés financières avec lesquelles nous collaborons pour vous fournir des services financiers.
Autres informations importantes
Vermont : Sauf dans la mesure autorisée par la loi du Vermont, si votre compte est associé à une adresse de facturation dans le Vermont, nous ne divulguerons pas les informations concernant votre solvabilité à nos sociétés affiliées et ne divulguerons vos informations personnelles, votre rapport de solvabilité ou les informations relatives à votre santé à aucun tiers non affilié souhaitant vous proposer des produits et des services, sauf si vous nous autorisez à le faire. Dans le cadre du marketing conjoint, nous divulguons uniquement votre nom, vos coordonnées et des informations concernant vos transactions. Des informations complémentaires concernant nos politiques en matière de protection des données figurent dans notre
politique de confidentialité
et notre
centre de confidentialité
.
Californie : Sauf dans la mesure autorisée par la loi californienne, si votre compte est associé à une adresse de facturation en Californie, nous ne divulguerons pas les données personnelles que nous collectons à votre sujet. Par exemple, nous pouvons divulguer vos données personnelles lorsque cela est nécessaire au traitement de vos transactions ou à la fourniture des produits et services que vous demandez, dans le cadre du contrôle des risques qui affectent l’ensemble de notre entreprise et pour nous prémunir contre la fraude, l'usurpation d'identité et les transactions non autorisées.
Pour en savoir plus sur nos pratiques en matière de protection des données, veuillez consulter le
centre de confidentialité de Stripe
.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.paypal.com/ca/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?locale.x=en_CA:
Back To Home Page
Privacy Statement
1. Overview
2. What Personal Data Do We Collect?
3. Why Do We Retain Personal Data?
4. How Do We Process and Use Personal Data?
5. Do We Share Information?
6. How Do We Work with Other Services and Platforms?
7. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
8. What Privacy Choices Are Available To You?
9. What Are Your Rights?
10. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
11. Can Minors Use Our Services?
12. What Else Should You Know?
13. Contact Us
14. Definitions
15. Additional Information
Download Printable PDF
Privacy Statement
Last updated on December 23, 2024
1. Overview
PayPal
has developed this Privacy Statement to explain how we may collect, retain, process, share and transfer your
Personal Data
when you visit our
Sites
or use our
Services
. This Privacy Statement does not apply to online websites or services that we do not own or control, including websites or services of other PayPal
Users
. This Privacy Statement does not apply to Braintree products or services.
We have defined some terms that we use throughout the Privacy Statement. You can find the meaning of a capitalized term in the
Definitions
section.
Contact us
if you have questions about our privacy practices that are not addressed in this Privacy Statement.
2. What Personal Data Do We Collect?
We may collect information about you when you visit our Sites or use our Services, including the following:
Registration and use information –
When you register to use our Services by establishing an Account, we will collect Personal Data as necessary to offer and fulfill the Services you request. Depending on the Services you choose, we may require you to provide us with your name, address, telephone number, email and identification information to establish an Account. We may require you to provide us with additional Personal Data as you use our Services.
Transaction and experience information –
When you use our Services or access our Sites, for example, to make purchases from merchants, to receive money, to process payments or to send money to friends and family, we collect information about the transaction, as well as other information associated with the transaction such as amount sent or requested, amount paid for products or services, package delivery and tracking information, shipping address for PayPal purchases, merchant information, including information about any funding instruments used to complete the transaction, Device Information, Technical Usage Data, and Geolocation Information.
Participant information –
When you use our Services or access our Sites, we collect Personal Data you provide us about the other participants associated with the transaction.
Send or request money:
When you send or request money through the Services, we collect Personal Data such as name, address, telephone number, and financial account information about the participant who is receiving money from you or sending money to you. The extent of Personal Data required about a participant may vary depending on the Services you are using to send or request money.
Pay or request someone else to pay a bill:
If you use our Services to pay a bill for the benefit of someone else, or if you request a User to pay a bill for you, we collect Personal Data from you about the account holder such as name, address, telephone number, email, and account number of the bill that you intend to pay or request to be paid.
Add value to your accounts:
If you use our Services to add value to your Account or any other account you may have, or if you ask a User to add value to any of these accounts, we may collect Personal Data from you about the other party, or from the other party about you to facilitate the request. For example, if you use our Services to reload a mobile phone, or to request value be added to your mobile account, we may collect Personal Data and other information including mobile account number from the other participant.
Information about your friends and contacts –
It may be easier for us to help you transact with your friends and contacts if you choose to connect your contact list information with your Account. If you establish an account connection between your device or a social media platform and your Account, we will use your contact list information (such as name, address, email address) to improve your experience when you use the Services.
Information that you choose to provide us to obtain additional Services or specific online Services –
If you request or participate in an optional Site feature, or request enhanced Services or other elective functionality, such as linking your email account for all package tracking, we may collect additional information from you. We will provide you with a separate notice at the time of collection, if the use of that information differs from the uses disclosed in this Privacy Statement.
Personal Data about you if you use unbranded Services –
certain Services are available without being required to log in to or establish an Account. We will collect Personal Data when you are interacting with and making payments to merchants using our card payment services that do not carry the PayPal brand and when you checkout with PayPal without logging into an account. For our unbranded payment services, your interaction is with the merchant, on their platform. If you are an Account holder, we may collect information about unbranded transactions and associate them with your Account. If you are not an Account holder, or create an account at a later date, we will collect and store all information you provide and use such information in accordance with this Privacy Statement
Information about you from third-party sources –
We obtain information from third-party sources such as merchants, data providers, and credit bureaus, where permitted by law.
Other information we collect related to your use of our Sites or Services –
We may collect additional information from or about you when you communicate with us, contact our customer support teams or respond to a survey.
Notice to Non-Account holders
If you use our Services without creating or logging into an Account, we’ll still collect Personal Data, which may include your payment information, Device Information, and location. When you use our Services without creating or logging into an Account, we will use this information to process transactions, prevent fraud and comply with the law. We may connect this information with your Account, if you have one or if you create an Account at a later date.
3. Why Do We Retain Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data to fulfill our legal or regulatory obligations and for our business purposes. We may retain Personal Data for longer periods than required by law if it is in our legitimate business interests and not prohibited by law. If your Account is closed, we may take steps to mask Personal Data and other information, but we reserve our ability to retain and access the data for so long as required to comply with applicable laws. We will continue to use and disclose such Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
4. How Do We Process and Use Personal Data?
We may
Process
your information for the following reasons:
To operate the Sites and provide the Services
, including to:
initiate a payment, send or request money, add value to an account, or pay a bill;
authenticate your access to an Account;
communicate with you about your Account, the Sites, the Services, or PayPal;
create an account connection between your Account and a third-party account or platform;
perform creditworthiness and other financial standing checks, evaluate applications, and compare information for accuracy and verification purposes; and
keep your Account and financial information up to date.
To manage our business needs
, such as monitoring, analyzing, and improving the Services and the Sites’ performance and functionality. For example, we analyze User behavior and perform research about the way you use our Services.
To manage risk and protect the Sites, the Services and you from fraud by verifying your identity.
PayPal’s risk and fraud tools use
Personal Data
,
Device Information
,
Technical Usage Data
and
Geolocation Information
from our Sites and websites that offer PayPal Services to help detect and prevent fraud and abuse of the Services.
To market to you
about PayPal products and Services and the products and services of unaffiliated businesses. We may also Process your Personal Data to tailor the marketing content and certain Services or Site experiences to better match your interests on PayPal and other third-party websites.
To provide personalized Services offered by PayPal on third-party websites and online services.
We may use your Personal Data and other information collected in accordance with this Privacy Statement to provide a targeted display, feature, Services or offer to you on third-party websites. We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to provide these online services and/or work with other third-parties such as merchants, advertising or analytics companies to provide these online services.
To provide you with location-specific options, functionality or offers
if you elect to share your Geolocation Information through the Services. We will use this information to enhance the security of the Sites and Services and provide you with location-based Services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.
To comply with our obligations and to enforce the terms of our Sites and Services,
including to comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
To make it easier for you to find and connect with others,
we may use your information you have shared with the Service to suggest connections between you and people you may know. For example, we may associate information that we learn about you through your and your contacts’ use of the Services, and information you and others provide to suggest people you may know or may want to transact with through our Services. Social functionality and features designed to simplify your use of the Services with others vary by Service.
To respond to your requests,
for example to contact you about a question you submitted to our customer service team
.
5. Do We Share Information?
We may share your Personal Data or other information about you with others in a variety of ways as described in this section.
We may share your Personal Data or other information for the following reasons:
With other members of the PayPal corporate family:
We may share your Personal Data with members of the PayPal family of entities to, among other things, provide the Services you have requested or authorized; to manage risk; to help detect and prevent potentially illegal and fraudulent acts and other violations of our policies and agreements; and to help us manage the availability and connectivity of PayPal products, Services, and communications.
With other companies that provide services to us:
We may share Personal Data with third-party service providers that perform services and functions at our direction and on our behalf. These third-party service providers may, for example, provide you with Services, verify your identity, assist in processing transactions, send you advertisements for our products and Services, or provide customer support.
With other financial institutions:
We may share Personal Data with other financial institutions that we have partnered with to jointly create and offer a product, such as with Synchrony Bank in connection with the PayPal Extras credit card. These financial institutions may only use this information to market and offer PayPal-related products, unless you have given consent for other uses. We may also share Personal Data to process transactions, provide you with benefits associated with your eligible cards, and keep your financial information up to date.
With the other parties to transactions when you use the Services, such as other Users, merchants, and their service providers:
We may share information about you and your Account with the other parties involved in processing your transactions. This includes other Users you are sending or receiving funds from, and merchants and their service providers. The information might include:
Personal Data and Account Information necessary to facilitate the transaction;
information to help other participant(s) resolve disputes and detect and prevent fraud; and
aggregated data and performance analytics to help merchants better understand Users and to help merchants enhance Users’ experiences.
With other third parties for our business purposes or as permitted or required by law:
We may share information about you with other parties for PayPal’s business purposes or as permitted or required by law, including:
if we need to do so to comply with a law, legal process or regulations;
to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or other third parties pursuant to a subpoena, a court order or other legal process or requirement applicable to PayPal or PayPal’s corporate family;
if we believe, in our sole discretion, that the disclosure of Personal Data is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity;
to protect the vital interests of a person;
to investigate violations of or enforce a user agreement or other legal terms applicable to any Service;
to protect our property, Services and legal rights;
to facilitate a purchase or sale of all or part of PayPal’s business;
in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using a Service;
to help assess and manage risk and prevent fraud against us, our Users and fraud involving our Sites or use of our Services, including fraud that occurs at or involves our business partners, strategic ventures, or other individuals and merchants;
to banking partners as required by card association rules for inclusion on their list of terminated merchants;
to credit reporting and collection agencies;
to companies that we plan to merge with or be acquired by; and
to support our audit, compliance, and corporate governance functions.
With your consent:
We also will share your Personal Data and other information with your consent or direction, including if you authorize an account connection with a third-party account or platform.
In addition, PayPal may provide aggregated statistical data to third parties, including other businesses and members of the public, about how, when, and why Users visit our Sites and use our Services. This data will not personally identify you or provide information about your use of the Sites or Services. We do not share your Personal Data with third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent.
6. How Do We Work with Other Services and Platforms?
A significant benefit and innovation of PayPal’s Services is that you can connect your Account with a third-party account or platform. For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, an “account connection” with such a third-party is a connection you authorize or enable between your Account and a non-PayPal account, payment instrument, or platform that you lawfully control or own. When you authorize such a connection, PayPal and the third-party will exchange your Personal Data and other information directly. Examples of account connections include:
linking your Account to a social media account or social messaging service;
linking your email account to your Account to receive package tracking information;
connecting your Account to a third-party data aggregation or financial services company, if you provide such company with your Account log-in credentials; or
using your Account to make payments to a merchant or allowing a merchant to charge your Account.
If you choose to create an account connection, we may receive information from the third-party about you and your use of the third-party’s service. For example, if you connect your Account to a social media account, we will receive Personal Data from the social media provider via the account connection. If you connect your Account to other financial accounts, directly or through a third-party service provider, we may have access to your account balance and transactional information, such as purchases and funds transfers. We will use all such information that we receive from a third-party via an account connection in a manner consistent with this Privacy Statement.
Information that we share with a third-party based on an account connection will be used and disclosed in accordance with the third-party’s privacy practices. Before authorizing an account connection, you should review the privacy notice of any third-party that will gain access to your Personal Data as part of the account connection. For example, Personal Data that PayPal shares with a third-party account or platform such as a social media account may in turn be shared with certain other parties, including the general public, depending on the account’s or platform’s privacy practices.
7. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you visit our Sites, use our Services, or visit a third-party website for which we provide online Services, we and our business partners and vendors may use cookies and other tracking technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) to recognize you as a User and to customize your online experiences, the Services you use, and other online content and advertising; measure the effectiveness of promotions and perform analytics; and to mitigate risk, prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Sites and Services. Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you choose to disable or decline Cookies, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible.
Please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
to learn more about how we use Cookies.
8. What Privacy Choices Are Available To You?
You have choices when it comes to the privacy practices and communications described in this Privacy Statement. Many of your choices may be explained at the time you sign up for or use a Service or in the context of your use of a Site. You may be provided with instructions and prompts within the experiences as you navigate the Services.
Choices Relating to the Personal Data We Collect
Personal Data.
You may decline to provide Personal Data when it is requested by PayPal, but certain Services or all of the Services may be unavailable to you.
Location and other device-level information
. The device you use to access the Sites or Services may collect information about you, including Geolocation Information and User usage data that PayPal may then collect and use. To restrict the collection and use of such information, please use the settings available in the device.
Choices Relating to Our Use of Your Personal Data
Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising. We work with partners and third-party service providers to serve you advertising using ad-related cookies and web beacons. You can opt-out of third-party advertising-related cookies and web beacons, in which case our advertising should not be targeted to you. You will continue to see our advertising on third party websites.
For more information on third-party advertising-related cookies and interest-based advertising, and to learn how to opt-out of these practices with companies participating in industry self-regulation, please visit
AdChoices
.
Mobile Device Tracking. You may opt out of tracking and receiving tailored advertisements on your mobile device by some mobile advertising companies and other similar entities by downloading the App Choices app at
https://youradchoices.ca/appchoices/
.
Personalized Services offered by PayPal on third-party websites and services. You may manage your preferences for other PayPal Services that are personalized and offered to you on third-party websites from your Account. We may also provide you with instructions and prompts on how to manage your preferences within the Service experience.
Finding and connecting with others. You may manage your preferences for finding and connecting with others from your account of the Service you use.
Choices Relating to Account Connections
When you authorize an account connection to a third-party account or platform, such as a social media account, you may be able to manage your connection preferences from your Account or the third-party account or platform. Please refer to the privacy notice that governs the third-party platform for more information on the choices you may have.
Choices Relating to Cookies
You may have options available to manage your cookies preferences. For example, your browser or internet device may allow you delete, disable, or block certain cookies and other tracking technologies. You can learn more by visiting AboutCookies.org. You may choose to enable these options, but doing so may prevent you from using many of the core features and functions available on a Service or Site.
You may have an option regarding the use of cookies and other tracking technologies when you use a Service or visit parts of a Site. For example, you may be asked if you want the Service or Site to “remember” certain things about you, and we will use cookies and other tracking technologies to the extent that you permit them.
You can learn more about our cookies and tracking technologies by visiting the Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies page.
Choices Relating to Your Registration and Account Information
Through your Account, you generally may review and edit Personal Data by logging in and updating the information directly or by contacting us.
Contact us
if you do not have an Account or if you have questions about your Account information or other Personal Data.
Choices Relating to Communication
Notices, Alerts and Updates from Us:
Marketing:
We may send you marketing content about our Sites, Services, products, products we jointly offer with financial institutions, as well as the products and services of unaffiliated third parties and members of the PayPal corporate family through various communication channels, for example, email, text, pop-ups, push notifications, and messaging applications. You may opt out of these marketing communications by following the instructions in the communications you receive. You may also adjust your communication preferences in your Account settings. For messages sent via push notifications, you may manage your preferences in your device.
Informational and Other:
We will send communications to you that are required or necessary to send to Users of our Services, notifications that contain important information and other communications that you request from us. You may not opt out of receiving these communications. However, you may be able to adjust the media and format through which you receive these notices.
9. What Are Your Rights?
You have certain rights in respect of your Personal Data. In particular, you have a right of access and correction. If you wish to exercise these rights, please
contact us
.
10. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and Account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Data we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Data that we share with a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorized.
11. Can Minors Use Our Services?
Our Sites and Services are not directed to and should not be accessed by children under the age of majority. We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Data, from minors or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Data from a minor, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from a minor.
12. What Else Should You Know?
Changes to This Privacy Statement
.
We may revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, the Sites or Services, or applicable laws. The revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date.
If the revised version includes a substantial change, we will provide you with at least 30 days’ prior notice by posting notice of the change on the “Policy Update” page of our website. We also may notify Users of the change using email or other means.
Transfers of Your Personal Data to Other Countries
Our operations are supported by a network of computers, cloud-based servers, and other infrastructure and information technology, including, but not limited to, third-party service providers. We and our third-party service providers store and Process your Personal Data outside of Canada, in the United States of America and elsewhere in the world. If your Personal Data is transferred to other countries, we will protect your information as described in this Privacy Statement.
13. Contact Us
Contact our Privacy Officer
online
or offline at PayPal Canada Co., MaRS Centre, West Tower, 661 University Avenue, Suite 506, Toronto, ON M5G 1M1
Click
here
to contact us about your PayPal Account or Service
Click
here
to contact us about your Xoom Account or Service
14. Definitions
Account
means a PayPal or Xoom member account.
Device Information
means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Sites or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device’s IP address; information about your device’s web browser and the internet connection being used to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data (e.g., Touch ID/Fingerprint to verify your identity).
Geolocation Information
means information that identifies with reasonable specificity your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS, Wi-Fi, or cell site triangulation. Some of our Services may ask you for permission to share your current location. Some of the Sites and Services require this information to provide a specific product or online Service. If you do not agree to our collection of the geolocation information, our Sites or Services may not function properly when you try to use them.
PayPal
means PayPal Canada Co. and subsidiaries, group companies or affiliates. In this Privacy Statement, PayPal is sometimes referred to as “we,” “us,” or “our,” depending on the context.
Personal Data
means personal information that can be associated with an identified or identifiable person. “Personal Data” can include name, address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number, email, payment card number, other financial account information, account number, date of birth, and government-issued credentials (e.g., driver’s license number, passport, and Social Insurance number).
Process
means any method or way that we use or handle Personal Data or sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, and consultation, disclosure by transmission, disseminating or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data.
Services
means any products, services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered by PayPal or Xoom.
Sites
means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Technical Usage
Data
means information we collect from your phone, computer or other device that you use to access the Sites or Services. Technical Usage Data tells us how you use the Sites and Services, such as what you have searched for and viewed on the Sites and the way you use our Services, including your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies.
User
means an individual who uses the Services or accesses the Sites.
15. Additional Information
The information provided in this section may be specific to customers depending on your region or how you use the Services. This information is provided to PayPal from third parties whom you may interact when using the Services.
Google ReCaptcha
PayPal uses ReCaptcha on the Sites and Services. Your use of ReCaptcha is subject to the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
.
ReCaptcha is only used to fight spam and abuse.
Sub-policy 5
https://unbounce.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: Oct 15, 2024
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: Oct 15, 2024
Privacy Statement:
At Unbounce, we are dedicated to safeguarding your personal information. This privacy policy outlines how we collect, use, and protect your data. We prioritize transparency and give you control over your information. We employ robust security measures and technical controls to prevent unauthorized access. As technology advances, we remain committed to continuously improving our privacy practices. Trust is paramount to us, and we strive to uphold the highest privacy protection standards. We invite you to review this policy, empowering you with knowledge about how we handle your data.
The Unbounce Privacy Policy
Thank you for using the Site and/or Services of Unbounce Marketing Solutions Inc. (“Unbounce”, “we”, “us”, or “our”).
We take your privacy very seriously, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information relating to our Site and Services.
By visiting the Site or by using the Services, you accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy may be amended at any time, with or without notice or notification, so we recommend periodically reviewing it.
Continued use of the Site or Services following the posting of any change to this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of all changes.
We suggest printing or saving a local copy of this Privacy Policy for your records.
Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning assigned them in our Terms of Service, “Clause 2. General Terms”, found at
https://unbounce.com/terms-of-service/.
You can find a list of our data subprocessors
here
.
I. Key Terms
a. Customer –
The entity/entities who subscribes to Unbounce’s Apps/Platform/Products.
b. Lead –
The entity/entities that visit the Landing Pages built by Unbounce’s customers.
c. Customer Data
– The business  relationship between information gathered during the subscription process to Unbounce’s platform
d. Customer Content –
The landing page structure, copy, and design. All the elements that make us a “Customer’s” landing page on the Unbounce platform.
e. Lead Data –
Any Information provided by a visitor to the “customer’s” landing page through “form” elements used by the “Customer: on their landing page on Unbounce’s platform.
f. Personal data:
any information that can be used to identify an individual, such as name, email address, and phone number.
g. Processing:
any operation or set of operations performed on personal data, such as collection, storage, use, or deletion.
h. Controller:
the organization that determines the purposes and means of processing personal data.
i. Processor:
a third-party organization that processes personal data on behalf of a controller.
j. Data subject:
the individual to whom the personal data relates.
k. Consent:
the freely given, specific, informed, and unambiguous indication of a data subject’s wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data.
l. Legitimate interests:
the lawful basis for processing personal data where it is necessary for the purposes of a controller’s legitimate interests, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject.
m. Data breach:
a security incident that results in the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, or unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data.
II. Information We Collect
We collect different types of information from or through the Site and/or Services. Where appropriate, the legal basis for our processing of Personal Data is either consent, where we ask for it or that the processing is necessary for providing the Site and/or Services and is carried out in our legitimate interests, which are further explained in “Clause III”. How We May Use Information We Collect from You” section.
1.
Account
Information
When you sign up for an Unbounce Account, you select a User ID (by entering an email address and password) and we collect and store that information. Collected information is data we have solicited in a form or obtained via cookies or by other means; stored information is collected information that has been subsequently deposited into our databases after collection.
In addition to your User ID, we also collect and store your first name and last name.
We may also collect and store your company name, telephone number, address, and certain other information about you that may be required by us to provide the Services or be disclosed by you during your use of the Services.
2. Billing Information
When your Account includes a Subscription, we collect but do not store your credit card number.
When you enter your credit card number, it is sent directly to the Payment Processor, our third-party payment provider, and bypasses our databases entirely.
From there, the Payment Processor transfers Billing Information to the Payment Service Provider for payment processing.
You agree that our third-party payment providers and processors may collect and store your billing address and credit card information on our behalf and that we may change our payment provider and processor at any time for any reason.
Unbounce will collect and store your billing address.
Full credit card numbers are never visible to Unbounce employees or contractors, and we will not modify your credit card number or billing address under any circumstances.
We adhere to all controls required for handling cardholder data in accordance with Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance standards.
You agree that our third-party payment processors may collect and store your billing address and credit card information on our behalf.
We only use Third Parties providing sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures.
3. Log Data
When you use the Services, our servers may automatically collect and store information, including information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website.
This log data may include but is not limited to, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page you visited before using the Services, the operating system you are using, the date and time of your accessing the Services, geolocation information, type of device, cookie data, and browser signatures.
IP Addresses:
We will log the IP address of any visitor to a webpage you create and publish using the Services to calculate traffic usage per Account and conversion rates per variant, investigate spam allegations and discrepancies in page statistics, as well as to ensure the security of the webpage, Services, and related data. Unbounce never uses the IP address or other Personal Data of visitors to your pages to conduct marketing activities or promote the Services.
4. Cookies and Log Files
Cookies are small amounts of data that are transferred to your web browser by a web server and are used to collect and store information about a user.
The ways we use cookies include but are not limited to tracking which webpage variant a visitor has seen, monitoring traffic patterns, and gauging the popularity of service options. Cookies also allow us to ensure that visitors see the webpage variant they expect to see if they return to the same website URL and to calculate total visits and views per webpage, variant, Account, and client sub-account.
First-party cookies on Unbounce landing pages are anonymous and cannot be used on their own to identify an individual.
Use of the Site and Services signifies consent to Unbounce’s use of cookies, including and without limitation third-party cookies that Unbounce may choose to use for analytics or other purposes.
You agree that should you disable cookies on your browser, certain aspects of the Services may be unavailable to you, and that Unbounce is not responsible for any adverse effects arising from your browser or other computer or mobile settings.
You agree that you are responsible for adhering to all laws, policies, and other regulations in your relevant jurisdiction(s), including but not limited to all laws requiring that cookie use must be disclosed. Unbounce disclaims all liability in this area.
5. User Contributions
You may also provide information to be published or displayed on public areas of the Site and/or Services, or transmitted to other users of the Site and/or Services (collectively, “User Contributions”).
Your User Contributions are posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Site with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions.
Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
6. Lead Data
You have the option of using the Unbounce platform to build forms and solicit information from individual data subjects (“Lead Data”).
In these situations, since you choose which data to collect and process, the nature of the data, as well as the purposes and means of processing, you are acting as “Data Controller” under applicable laws (including, but not limited to, the
General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
and you have the accountability and associated responsibilities under these applicable laws.
By maintaining an Account with us, you voluntarily consent to the collection, storage, use, and disclosure of Personal Data as specified in this Privacy Policy.
Without limiting the foregoing, we may on occasion ask you to consent when we collect, store, use, or disclose your Personal Data in specific circumstances.
These circumstances may include but are not limited to, Trial Programs, Beta Tests, research and development, and other changes, updates, or additions to the Services.
You are obligated to protect your Customer i.e. Data Subject Rights and the deletion of Lead Data for your Customers is your responsibility and Unbounce shall not be responsible for any deletion obligations of the Lead Data.
7. WordPress Plug-in:
You have the option of adding a “WordPress Domain” to your account.
A WordPress domain is a domain you have purchased from a hosting provider or domain name seller and installed on WordPress.org software.
In order to publish Unbounce webpages to your WordPress Domain, you will need to install Unbounce’s Plugin for WordPress (“the Plugin”) in your WordPress account.
When installing or updating the Plugin, Unbounce will collect and store certain data from your WordPress environment.
This data includes but is not limited to the WordPress version number, PHP version number, URL version number, the names of other WordPress plugins installed on your domain, the names of other PHP extensions installed on your domain, your operating system, and key PHP configuration settings.
We are collecting this information in order to better support the Plugin and the environments in which it is installed.
Among other things, we will collect and store this data in order to inform our decisions on minimum configuration and testing requirements, and to improve the stability of Plugin updates.
You hereby consent to the collection and storage of this information in your use, installation and updating of the Plugin.
If you do not consent to the collection and storage of this information, you may choose not to use the Plugin.
III.
How We May Use the Information We Collect From You
We analyze this information based on our legitimate interest in enhancing the Unbounce platform and ensuring a better user experience. Additionally, it is essential for fulfilling our contractual obligations to you effectively.
We take steps designed to ensure that only those employees who need access to your Personal Data to fulfill their employment duties will have need-to-know and restricted access to it.
We may use the information we collect from you to provide the Services to you and to understand, improve, and enhance the Services.
We do not sell your personal information to any third party.
This includes but is not limited to, the right to conduct research, analyze trends, monitor traffic usage, and examine the ways in which our users engage with the Services.
We may use your Personal Data to respond to your questions or comments, including support-related and billing inquiries.
We also use your Account data to administer your Account and keep track of billing and payments, invoicing, and Account management.
If you have received a commercial electronic message from us (regarding our products, services, news and events), it is because either you have previously provided your express consent, we have your implied consent under Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation, or because the type of message sent is exempt under Anti-Spam Legislation.
You have the option not to receive this commercial electronic message.
We provide an opt-out function within all electronic marketing communications or will cease to communicate with you for this purpose if you email us at unsubscribe@unbounce.com and tell us not to communicate this information to you.
While you maintain an Account with us, we may contact you to notify you about changes to the Services, and other important Service-related notices, including but not limited to security and fraud notices, Service suspensions, overages and outages.
These emails and messages are considered essential, non-marketing communications, and you may not be able to opt out of them.
We work hard to keep the Services secure and to prevent abuse and fraud.
We may use your Personal Data as necessary to respond to security incidents, claims of any violation of our rights or those of any Third Parties, to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of you, us, our Customers, and the public, and as required or authorized by law.
IV.
How We May Disclose Information We Collect from You
Unbounce will only share your information with Third Parties in accordance with your instructions or as necessary to provide you with a specific service (for example, our third-party payment processors, and our email service provider for the “Email Me New Leads” integration) or otherwise in accordance with applicable privacy legislation.
As a general rule, unless permitted in this Privacy Policy, we do not and will not sell, rent, share, or disclose your Personal Data without first receiving your permission.
When we disclose your Personal Data to third-party service providers, we take reasonable measures to ensure that the rules set forth in this Policy are complied with.
This policy is not intended to place any limits on what we may do with data that is aggregated and/or anonymized so it is no longer associated with an identifiable Customer or user of the Services (“Aggregated Data”).
We may use your Personal Data to generate Aggregated Data for internal use and for sharing with Third Parties on a selective basis.
Lead Data is hosted in our Frankfurt (Germany) database.
However, please note that your Personal Data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage Third-Party service providers.
By using the Site and/or Services, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than in your country.
While such information is outside of the EU/EEA, it is subject to the laws of the country in which it is held and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other country, pursuant to the laws of such country.
Our practices regarding your Personal Data will at all times continue to be governed by this Policy and we will comply with GDPR requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of Personal Data from the EU/EEA to a third country.
V.
Your Privacy Rights
a. Managing Your Information:
You have the right to access and edit your Account and Profile Information (including User ID and billing details) by logging into the Services and choosing to edit your Profile.  If you believe we have exceeded the legitimate basis for processing, the processing is no longer necessary, are processing, or believe your Personal Data is inaccurate; you have the right to reach out to us to delete/change any of your personal data.
b. Changes To Profile
You are able to upgrade, downgrade, enable and disable third-party integrations, view your Lead Data, download a CSV file of your Lead Data for any date range, invite additional Users to your Account (depending on your Account level), and decide which permission level to grant each additional User.
c. Withdrawing Consent
You have the right to withdraw consent to processing where consent is the basis of processing and object to any unlawful data processing under certain conditions.
d. Data Portability
In certain jurisdictions, the law may grant you the right to request copies of the personal information that we hold. You may also have the right to request your personal information, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. Additionally, where technically feasible, you may have the right to request the transmission of this information to another service provider.
e. Retention Periods
We will maintain your Personal Data for as long as they are needed, or as required by applicable laws, regulations, or government orders. Unless you request otherwise, your Account, including Lead Data, will be deleted from our databases within 1 year of Account cancellation. We reserve the right to charge a fee for data retention past our prescribed deletion period, and to update or amend our data retention policy.
f. Data Restriction and Objection
You have the right to object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you, under certain conditions. You have the right to demand that we restrict processing of your Personal Data, under certain conditions, if you believe we have exceeded the legitimate basis for processing, the processing is no longer necessary, are processing, or believe your Personal Data is inaccurate;
g. Accountability
If you have any inquiries regarding our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to file a complaint with the appropriate authority, please reach out to Unbounce via email at
privacy@unbounce.com
. We will promptly address your concerns and make every effort to resolve any privacy-related issues.
For individuals located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or Brazil, you hold the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe that our handling of your personal information violates applicable laws. the right to lodge a complaint with data protection authorities. You may contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing
privacy@unbounce.com
with your request.
If you want to learn more about your rights under the GDPR, you can visit the
European Commission’s
page on Data Protection.
We will maintain your Personal Data for as long as they are needed, or as required by applicable laws, regulations, or government orders.
VI. Link to Third Party Websites
The Site and/or Services may contain links to other websites.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
We encourage you to read the privacy policy and terms of use of any linked websites, as their policies and practices may differ from our own.
VII. Change of Ownership or Business Transition
In the event of a change of ownership, sale, merger, liquidation, reorganization or acquisition of the corporation, in whole or in part, Personal Data (including Lead Data) may be transferred as part of the transaction, as long as the party acquiring such Personal Data agrees to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The acquiring party would need to provide substantial evidence and establish the ownership of the acquisition and claim.
VIII. Security
We will strive to prevent unauthorized access to your Personal Data, however, no data transmission over the Internet, by wireless device or over the air is guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We will continue to enhance security procedures as new technologies and procedures become available.
Our password policy for our application employs a non-traditional approach by utilizing the third-party service, zxcvbn, for password validation. zxcvbn offers a more secure, flexible, and usable alternative to traditional password composition policies, allowing for a minimal complexity score rather than rigid rules regarding the inclusion of lowercase letters, uppercase letters, numbers, and symbols. It provides improved security by effectively detecting weak passwords while accommodating strong passwords, and its flexibility considers factors such as passphrases with uncommon words, keyboard patterns with varying lengths and turns, and the impact of capitalization on complexity.
If you forget your password, we will ask you for your email address and send you an email with instructions for resetting your password. Please also note at no time is an Unbounce employee able to view your password.
Please remember that you control what Personal Data you provide while using the Site and Services.
Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your identification, passwords and/or any Personal Data in your possession for the use of the Site and/or Services.
We are not responsible for, and cannot control, the use by others of any information which you provide to them and you should use caution in selecting the Personal Data you provide to others through the Site or Services.
Similarly, we cannot assume any responsibility for the content of any Personal Data or other information which you receive from other users through the Site or Services, and you release us from any and all liability in connection with the contents of any Personal Data or other information which you may receive using the Site or Services.
We cannot guarantee, or assume any responsibility for verifying, the accuracy of the Personal Data or other information provided by any Third Party. You release us from any and all liability in connection with the use of such Personal Data or other information of others.
We use technical and organizational means to ensure the security of personal data and to protect it from accidental or deliberate destruction, accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, to the extent required by generally applicable law.
The data entrusted shall be retained on hardware and servers in properly secured information storage centres, to which only authorized persons have access.
We carry out activities related to the processing of personal data with respect to all legal and technical requirements imposed on us by the provisions regarding personal data protection.
We have implemented pseudonymization, and data encryption and have access controls in place so as to minimize the effects of possible data security breaches.
We regularly test the security of our systems and have a backup procedure in place.
Personal data is processed only by persons authorized by us or by processors with whom we cooperate closely. Sub-processing is conducted exclusively on the basis of relevant contracts.
As an internet user, there are various vulnerabilities that the systems are exposed to. Therefore, you have full responsibility and liability for the use of the related personal data or sharing the information of others. Unbounce will not be responsible or liable for any personal data loss or breach for any viruses or attacks vulnerability on your systems.
IX. Children’s Privacy
The Site and/or Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not intentionally and/or knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16 without obtaining parental consent. ¹
If you are under 16 years of age, then please do not use or access the Site and/or Services at any time or in any manner.
If we learn that Personal Data has been collected on the Site and/or Services from persons under 16 years of age and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.
If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 16 years of age has provided Personal Data, then you may alert us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section and request that we delete that child’s Personal Data from our systems.
X. Resolution/Compliance
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your Personal Data, to make an access or correction request, to exercise any applicable rights, to make a complaint, or to obtain information about our policies and practices with respect to any service providers outside the EU/EEA, our Data Protection Officer can be reached by mail or email using the following contact information: privacy@unbounce.com.  You can also submit a support request by using our online email ticket system by clicking
here.
You have the right to reach out to the jurisdiction of the supervisory board of the respective country that applies to you if you are not satisfied with the privacy practices, responses or policies of Unbounce.
XI. Contact Us
Address: 603-401 West Georgia St. Vancouver, BC, Canada, V6B 5A1
Worldwide: +1 604 484 1354
Email:
privacy@unbounce.com
¹
As per Article 8 of the GDPR, ages below 16 are considered children. The same may be different for your jurisdiction. <
https://gdpr-info.eu/art-8-gdpr/
>
XII. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Unbounce may change this Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the “Last Updated” date above. Your continued use of our Website, Platform or Services after such changes have been published to our Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy.
Sub-policy 6
https://www.bonjoro.com/privacy-policy:
Product
Video messaging
Convert more leads and spark relationships
Testimonials
Collect & publish customer testimonials with ease
Screen recording & hosting
Educate your customers along their journey
Integrations
Integrate quickly with the tools you already use
Tools
GIF Signature Maker
About
About Bonjoro
Help docs
Support center
Resources
Blog
Learn how to grow your business with video
Video funnels
Handy video funnel examples for your inspiration
Customer stories
Amazing use-cases and results from Bonjoro’s customers
Play books
Free PDF playbooks with proven growth strategies
Tools
GIF Signature Maker
About
About Bonjoro
Help docs
Support center
Pricing
Video messaging plans
View plans and pricing for Bonjoro Video messaging
Testimonials plans
View plans and pricing for Bonjoro Testimonials
Tools
GIF Signature Maker
About
About Bonjoro
Help docs
Support center
Log in
Start free trial
Bonjoro Pty Ltd Privacy policy
Bonjoro Pty Ltd based at 50 Yallambe Road, Australia 2081 – hereafter referred to as Bonjoro) value their customers and respect their privacy. The Data Processor under the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR is Bonjoro Pty Ltd, 50 Yallambe Road, Australia 2081. The Data Controller under the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR is The User of the Bonjoro Platform.

Please read the following carefully to understand how we will collect, use and maintain your personal information. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information.

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.

The provisions of this Policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices. This Policy will be referenced by all such mobile applications or mobile optimized websites.
We will use the information that we collect about you in accordance with the following depending on your jurisdiction:
The Data Protection Act 2018, UK
The Privacy Act 1988, Australia
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation EU 2016/679), (‘GDPR’) which becomes effective from 25 May 2018
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
Identity Data
includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier.
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment card details -– with your permission if you elect to make a purchase. These details are held by a Third Party payments processor and Bonjoro does not retail access to your full CC number -– Stripe, www.stripe.com. To view their privacy policy please see:
https://stripe.com/au/privacy
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our website.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, settings, feedback and survey responses (where applicable).
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Special Categories of Personal Data
- Your image, classified as biometric data and data that might reveal your race and ethnic origins, obtained with your permission when you record video messages using our platform to your elected recipients.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving emails and communications from us. This also includes us making a note of conversations we have had with you in person and/or communications you sent to us through our CRM or other platforms. This helps us to manage our relationship with you and ensures you only receive communications from us that are relevant and timely.
According to the GDPR legislation we will process Special Categories of Personal Data about you as an unavoidable consequence of the intrinsic nature of the Bonjoro service. Specifically your image - classified as biometric data. In allowing you to send video communication to your recipients we send data that could be used to identify you and your race or ethnic background. We do not use this information for any other purpose than the operation of the platform in allowing you to send video messages and fulfilling our contract with you. By opting in to an account and using the Bonjoro service, you give permission for us to process this information and send videos to your elected recipients that contain images of you. We give you control of the video by restricting download of the videos on the recipient end and giving you complete control to delete any video stored by Bonjoro at request.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you, with your permission, when you register on our site, start a subscription, Open a Support Ticket or enter information on our site.
How do we collect information about you:
We collect different information about you in a number of ways:

Information you give us:

When you create an account on our website, buy a subscription, sign up to our newsletter, request marketing materials, give us feedback, we will store the personal information you give to us such as your name, email address, postal address - with your permission when you accept this privacy policy and our terms of service. We will also keep a record of your purchases.

Automated technologies or interactions

As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies.

Information from third parties

We occasionally receive information about you from third parties as set out below:

Analytics providers such as Google

Publicly available data sources such as: ClearBit

Advertising networks such as Facebook

Search information providers such as Google AdWords
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To quickly process your transactions.
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
Specifically the use of your information is almost always used in executing contracted activities for you - i.e. the sending of Bonjoros to your elected recipients, executing subscription payments, responding to support requests. Please see the table below for more information:
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(a) Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your subscription purchase including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or  privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to use the core platform functionality - send video messages to your elected recipients
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Special Categories of Personal Data - your image
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business ,to track interaction on your behalf with your communications and pass that information to and from your account)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing and communications with you, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website  updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.

Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.

We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.

All transactions are processed through a gateway provider (Stripe) and are not stored or processed on our servers.

Your videos and personal information is stored using a GDPR ready 3rd party provider AWS (
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/gdpr-center/
) in a controlled environment with limited access.
Do we transfer data internationally?
Yes, Bonjoro will transfer data internationally in performance of our contract with you to deliver your video messages. By agreeing to this Privacy Policy you consent to us transferring your information outside your jurisdiction in order to carry out our contract with you. Note: We will never sell or transfer your data to Third Parties for advertising or marketing purposes.

We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us, to which these services may include:
Payment processing
Providing customer service
Sending marketing communications
Conducting research and analysis
Providing cloud computing infrastructure
Video processing and transcoding
For most recipients of your data this involves only your email address, profile photo and the bio you enter into your account settings.

These functions are vital for us to deliver the Bonjoro service for your use. We have audited these providers and they have all publicly expressed that they are GDPR compliant.
Access
Upon request Bonjoro will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by logging into your account or by contacting us at the contact information below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal information, or may need to retain your personal information in order to continue providing a service.

Bonjoro Pty Ltd acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information. Bonjoro has no direct relationship with the individuals - primarily our Users nominated Bonjoro recipients - whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct their query to the Bonjoro's Client (the data controller). If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal information, or may need to retain your personal information in order to continue providing a service.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember you and facilitate the process of logging in to your account. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.

However, you will still be able to place orders

The Web Portal.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information (PII) unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.

However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Voluntary Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information
When using Bonjoro, Users elect to send PII to their own nominated recipients in the form of; i) their email address and ii) their likeness in the form of self-recorded video. We will not repurpose this content in any way without authorisation. We do reserve the right to scan video material for abusive, illegal, or other content that violates our Terms of Service. The User cannot hold Bonjoro accountable for the subsequent use of transmitted PII by the recipient.
Recipient PII handling and disclosure
While using Bonjoro the System will capture the email address of your recipients, as well as publicly available information from social media and other internet sources. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties this information, it is solely for the purpose of providing the Service. This information will be retained on our servers, as well as a record of the Bonjoro sent to the recipient for tracking and reporting. E can delete this information on request.

You are responsible for the distribution and publishing of any testimonial content collected using our testimonials tool. Permissions should be sought and confirmed using the functionality included in the Service or through other channels. Bonjoro will not use, sell or share any testimonial content you collect. You agree to hold harmless and indemnify Bonjoro from and against any third party claim arising from your use of the testimonial content you collect.
Requests regarding the Service Data.
If we receive a request from a Testimonial Provider (data subject) asking to exercise data subject’s rights with regard to their submission, we will forward such a request to the respective data controller (You). This could be a request to, but not limited to, temporarily to permanently delete their testimonial, cease publication, or alter the testimonial in some way.
How do We handle your Social Logins?
Our Service offers you the ability to register and login using your third-party social media account details (like your Google logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, email address, friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public on such social media platform.
 
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy notice or that are otherwise made clear to you on the relevant Website. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy notice to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.

Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together

Track engagement with the site and service
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
By logging in to your account
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We don't honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. We don't honor them because:

It's required for Account Holders to use the service
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.

We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.

In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email within one calendar month

We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
- Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
www.bonjoro.com 

50 Yallambe Road Berowra
Sydney, NSW 2081
Australia
hello@bonjoro.com
Want a cookie?
Taking one of our delicious cookies helps us improve your site experience.
By choosing to Accept and continuing to use our website, you agree to our
Cookie Policy
.
Accept
Reject
Manage preferences