PRIVACY POLICY
Bravocado LLC ("Bravokado OOO" or "we" or "us" or "our") respects the privacy of our users ("user" or "you"). We feel a strong commitment to protect your privacy and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit SlimQueen (or "Weight Loss by SlimQueen") mobile application (the "App") and the services provided through it (together with the Application, the "Service").
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not access the application.
1. COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect via the App depends on the content and materials you use, and includes data you provide to us voluntarily (for example, when you send us an e-mail or enter your current weight and height), data we receive automatically when you use our services (for example, your device language), data we get from third parties (for example, if you log in with Facebook).
Typically, we collect the following data:
1.
Data you provide to us voluntarily
You provide us information about yourself when you register for and/ or use the Service. For example, your nickname, current weight and height, goal weight, physical activity level, email address, your photo if you decide to upload it through the App.
2.
Data we receive automatically when you use our services
Every time you access the App certain portion of information is being collected automatically:
Data about how you found us
. We collect data about the app or URL of the website from which you got to our App.
Device and location data
. We collect data from your mobile device. For example, your language settings, time zone, type and model of a device, device settings, operating system and any other relevant information regarding your Internet connection in order to identify the type of your device to ensure proper use of our App.
Usage data
. We collect information on how you interact with our Service. For example, we log your taps on certain areas of the interface, content you interact with, workouts you do, the time and duration of your workouts, how often you use the App, how long you are in the app, your training program progress.
Subscription orders
. We collect your transaction history, including open and completed transaction
3.
Data we get from third parties
When you decide to log in with Facebook, we get access to your
Facebook
basic account information, including your name, email, Facebook ID and profile picture.
For more information regarding Facebook permissions, refer to the
Facebook Permissions Reference
page.
2. USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the App to:
Administrate, operate, maintain and improve the App.
Customize your experience: adjust the content of the Service and make offers tailored to your personal preferences.
Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties.
Deliver targeted advertising, newsletters and other information regarding promotions and the App to you.
Email you regarding your account or order.
Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and other transactions related to the App.
Increase the efficiency and operation of the App.
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the App.
Notify you of updates to the App.
Offer new products, services, mobile applications, and/or recommendations to you.
Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft, and protect against criminal activity.
Process payments and refunds.
Request feedback and contact you about your use of the App.
Respond to product and customer service requests.
Send you a newsletter.
Comply with legal obligations.
3. DATA PROCESSING: THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
We may share information we have collected about you with third parties in certain situations to help us provide, customize, support, improve and market our Service. The types of tools we use and share information with include:
1.
Service providers
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including marketing partners (Facebook, email delivery services), data analytics providers (Facebook, Firebase, Crashlytics), cloud service providers (Firebase). We use "Facebook Connect" function so that you can register and log in with us using your Facebook account.
2.
Apple HealthKit
We may share data about your activity with Apple HealthKit if you gave permission on your device. For more information regarding Apple HealthKit, refer to the
Apple Health
page.
3.
Law enforcement agencies and other public authorities
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.
4. LEGAL BASIS FOR THE COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We collect your personal data under the following legal bases:
Your consent.
To provide our Service to you in accordance with our
Terms of Use
. We customize your experience, communicate to you regarding use of our Service, research and analyze your use of our Service in order to provide you with a better experience.
To enforce our
Terms of Use
and to prevent and address fraud and unauthorized use of the Service.
5. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
6. AGE LIMITATION
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to persons under the age of 12. If you become aware of any data we have collected from persons under age 12, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
7. OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:
● Logging to profile section of the App and updating your account details.
● Contacting us using the contact information provided below.
You may also request a copy of your personal data collected during use of the App.
You may also request to delete your personal data collected during use of the App. Upon your request we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our
Terms of Use
and/or comply with legal requirements.
You may also ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data or limit our use thereof by sending a request using the contact information provided below.
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, push notifications or other communications from us, you may opt-out by contacting us using the contact information provided below.
In order to exercise any of the available to you privacy rights, please send a request to
info@bravocado.net
.
8. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may need to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time, for example if we add new functions or services to the App. We will alert you about any changes and ask that than you read and accept such changes before they are implemented by us. By continuing to access or use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to the revised Privacy Policy.
9. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below. Please include "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line and your state of residence and email address in the body of your message.
Please be aware that not all the information sharing is covered by the "Shine The Light" law requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
10. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
The App uses cloud services. This means we transfer your data to a third party (the cloud service provider) and store data on the servers of that provider. In some cases you data may also be stored and/ or processed on the servers outside of the European Union (EU) or European Economic Area (EEA). We either ensure through appropriate contracts that such service providers guarantee the same level of data privacy to which you are also entitled in the European Union or we use only providers that are EU-U.S. Privacy Shield certified (for more information refer to the
Privacy Shield
page). Either alternative ensures and appropriate level data privacy.
11. DATA RETENTION
Your personal data will be stored for as long as this is necessary for providing the Service to you which includes (but is not limited to) the period during which you have an account with the App. We will also retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
12. DATA CONTROLLER
Bravocado LLC, a company registered in the Republic of Belarus (with registered office at 7A Pobediteley ave, 73, 220004, Minsk, Belarus) will be the controller of your personal data.
13. CONTACT DETAILS
You may contact us at any time for details regarding this Privacy Policy and its previous versions. For all requests concerning your account and/ or your personal data please contact us at
info@bravocado.net
Effective date: March 10, 2021
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;