Privacy Policy
This document explains our privacy policy and how we handle your personal information if you use the Sun Tracker AR app.
Our  business is making and selling mobile phone apps.  We have free mobile and paid mobile apps without advertising and this website which is used to support our apps.
The types of personal information we collect and how we use it
Redwoods does not require customer personal data to deliver these products. We do not keep customer personal data.
We do not have a customer mailing list.
We do not have any customer payment data. Any payments or purchases made through our apps are made between the customer and Apple, and any refund requests must be made to Apple as we do not have the transaction details. Please use the "Contact us" form if you want further details on how to apply for a refund from Apple.
Your location in Our Apps
If you grant a permission to the app to use the location data, apps collect your location for the purposes of running the app. They may request you to choose a location on a map or use the location services on your device to gain a location.  Locations are only saved on your actual device by the apps for the purpose of providing the functionality of the app and for easy reuse for convenience when the app is next used.
It is not possible for us or you to view the location data stored by our app products but the data can be completely removed from your mobile device simply by deleting the app from your device. Follow the instructions provided in the documentation for your device to delete an app from your device.
How to edit and correct your personal information
If you have sent us a support enquiry in the past, your email removed from our  Inbox or sent items. We  delete any personal emails that we have received with the exact name and email you have stated and respond to you stating that I have done so.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we change this privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page. Privacy Policy Updated 4-April-2022.
Disclaimer
Sun Tracker AR app provides information 'as is' without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability. In no event shall Redwoods or its owners be liable for any damages whatsoever, and in particular, Redwoods shall not be liable for special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue, or loss of use, arising out of or related to the use of this app or the information contained in it, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law or otherwise. The use of the content and information is entirely at your own risk.