Privacy Policy
The purpose of this privacy policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) is to inform you about our privacy practices, including how we collect, use and disclose your Personal Information (as defined herein). We respect your privacy and we are committed to safeguarding your privacy while online at our websites, together with any other websites, applications and services offered by Valnet (collectively, the “
Sites
” and individually, a “
Site
”) and as such, the following further discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for the Sites.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 6, 2024.
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES
This Privacy Policy is current as of the “updated” date which appears at the top of this page. We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. When changes are made to this Privacy Policy, they will become immediately effective when published in a revised Privacy Policy posted on the Sites, unless otherwise noted. We may also communicate the changes through our services or by other means we deem appropriate, so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. By submitting your Personal Information to us, by registering for or using any of the services we offer, by using our Sites, or by voluntarily interacting with us, you consent to our collecting, using and disclosing your Personal Information as set out in this Privacy Policy, as revised from time to time.
DEFINITION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
"
Personal Information
" means information about an identifiable individual. This information may include, without limitation, your name, mailing address (including postal code or zip code), e-mail address, telephone number and payment information.
Personal Information does not include any business contact information that is solely used to communicate with you in relation to your employment, business or profession, such as, without limitation, your name, position name or title, work address, work telephone number, work fax number or work electronic address.
Personal Information also does not include information that has been anonymized or aggregated in such a way that there is no serious possibility it can be used to identify an individual, whether on its own or in combination with other information.
LEGAL OWNERSHIP
The Sites are owned and operated by Valnet Inc. (“
Valnet
”, “
us
” or “
we
”), a corporation incorporated under the laws of Canada, having its head office at 7405 Transcanada Highway, Suite 100, Saint-Laurent, Quebec H4T 1Z2, and/or its subsidiaries.
YOUR CONSENT TO COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE
We collect, use and disclose your Personal Information with your consent or as permitted or required by applicable privacy laws. How we obtain your consent (i.e., the form we use) will depend on the circumstances, as well as the sensitivity of the information collected. Subject to applicable laws, your consent may be express or implied, depending on the circumstances and the sensitivity of the Personal Information in question.
If you choose to provide Personal Information to us, we assume that you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that Personal Information as outlined in this Privacy Policy, as we deem appropriate.
If you wish to withdraw your consent to our collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information, please contact us at
data@valnetinc.com
. However, before we implement the withdrawal of consent, we may require proof of your identity. In some cases, withdrawal of your consent may mean that we will no longer be able to provide certain products or services.
If you provide Personal Information about another individual to us, it is your responsibility to obtain the consent of that individual to enable us to collect, use and disclose his or her information as described in this Privacy Policy under all applicable circumstances.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
When you visit our Sites, we collect certain information related to your device, such as your internet protocol (“
IP
”) address, what pages you visit on our Sites, whether you were referred to our Sites by another website, and at what time you accessed our Sites. We will not collect any information without your prior explicit consent.
We do not collect any other type of Personal Information. If you are accessing our Sites through a social media account, please refer to the social media provider’s privacy policy for information regarding their data collection.
We track and store data about how you visit and use our Sites. More specifically, the Personal Information we collect includes, but is not limited to:
Your full name;
Your billing address;
Your telephone number;
Your payment information;
Your IP address;
Your location;
Your operating system;
Your browser;
Your browser language;
The URLs of any pages you visit on our Sites and apps; and
Other usage information.
We combine this data with other information we collect about you. If your browser does not accept our cookies, you cannot access certain parts or sections of our Sites (e.g., your account(s) on our Sites).
ACCESSING, AMENDING AND DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
You have the right to request information regarding the data we have on file for you, and to request corrections and/or deletions of your Personal Information. Please contact us at
data@valnetinc.com
, for any inquiries or requests regarding your information.
Please note that we comply with the following ID partners’ privacy terms:
LiveRamp’s country-specific terms when it comes to the collection, use, and disclosure of user information. If you have any questions about the extent of the information collected, please visit:
https://liveramp.com/authenticated-traffic-solution-country-specific-terms/
.
If you would like to opt out, please visit:
https://liveramp.com/opt_out
or
https://youradchoices.com/token
ID5’s country-specific terms relating to the collection, processing, and transferring of user personal data. If you have any questions about the nature and extent of the information collected, please consult:
https://www.id5.io/privacy-policy
Criteo’s privacy terms, which can be accessed here:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
LOG FILES
Like most standard website servers, we use log files. This includes logging the following information: IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/timestamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer our Sites, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
COOKIES
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. We and some of our business partners (for example, advertisers) use cookies on our Sites. These cookies track usage of our Sites for security, analytics and targeted advertising purposes.
We use the following type of cookies:
Essential Cookies:
These cookies are essential to the provision of our Sites.
Functionality Cookies:
These cookies help us remember choices you have made while on our Sites, remember your preferences, and personalize your experience on our Sites.
Analytics and Performance Cookies:
These cookies help us collect statistical and analytical usage to help us analyze your usage of our Sites.
Social Media Cookies:
These cookies allow you to interact with content on certain social media platforms, such as “liking” our articles. Depending on your social media setting, the social media network will have record of this and may display your name or identifier in relation to this action.
Advertising and Targeted Advertising Cookies:
These cookies track your browsing habits and location to provide you with advertising in line with your interests. Please see our “Advertisers” section below for further details.
Shared ID Cookies:
These cookies store a unique user id in the first party domain and is accessible to our ad partners. This simple ID can be utilized to improve user matching, especially for delivering ads to iOS and MacOS browsers. Users can opt out of the Shared ID tracking cookie by clicking
here
.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. For further information regarding cookies and how to manage them, please see
https://allaboutcookies.org/
.
PIXEL TAGS
We use pixel tags, which are small graphic files that allow us and our trusted third-party partners to track your usage of our Sites and collect usage data, including the number of pages you visit, the time you spend on each page, what you click on next, and other information about your visit to the Sites.
ADVERTISERS
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Sites. These companies may use information (such information does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to our Sites and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies,
click here.
Advertisers, as third-party vendors, use cookies to collect usage and demographic data in order to serve ads on our Sites. For example, Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
ADVERTISING PARTNERS
We have used commercially reasonable efforts to review our advertising partners’ policies to ensure that they comply with applicable data privacy laws and recommended data security practices.
We use the following advertisers:
Google Ad Exchange:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google Ad Sense:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Index Exchange:
http://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/
TripleLift:
https://triplelift.com/privacy/
Kargo:
https://kargo.com/privacy
Xandr/Appnexus:
https://www.xandr.com/privacy/platform-privacy-policy/
PubMatic:
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Primis Video:
https://www.primis.tech/privacy-policy/
Rubicon/Magnite:
https://www.magnite.com/legal/
OpenX:
https://www.openx.com/legal/ad-exchange-terms-and-conditions/
Sovrn:
https://www.sovrn.com/legal/privacy-policy/
RhythmOne/Unruly:
https://unruly.co/legal/privacy/
Sonobi:
http://sonobi.com/privacy-policy/
Smaato:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Media.net:
https://www.media.net/privacy-policy/
Yieldmo:
https://www.yieldmo.com/privacy-policy/
Sharethrough:
https://privacy-center.sharethrough.com/en/
Pulsepoint:
https://pulsepoint.com/legal/platform-privacy-policy
Amazon:
https://www.amazon.ca/gp/help/customer/display.html/?ie=UTF8&nodeId=918814
Conversant:
https://www.conversant.com/privacy-policy/
Fluct:
https://en.fluct.jp/#about
Equativ:
https://equativ.com/about-us/
Teads:
https://www.teads.com/ad-policies/
One Tag:
https://www.onetag.com/
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We rely on third-party services providers to perform a variety of services on our behalf, such as, without limitation, e-commerce providers, payment card processors, telephone and technical support providers, hosting, data storage and processing service providers, and research and analytics providers. Our partners, including ad partners, may collect data in relation to your usage of our Sites as disclosed herein. All such data will only be collected with your prior explicit consent. If we provide your information to service providers, then we require that the service providers keep your Personal Information secure, and only handle it for limited purposes for which it is provided.  We do not authorize the service providers to disclose your Personal Information to unauthorized parties or to use your Personal Information for their direct marketing purposes.Additionally, we may use and disclose your information when we believe such use or disclosure is permitted, necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce the terms of the agreements for our products and services; (e) to protect our rights, operations or property; and (f) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. In addition, we may transfer your Personal Information and other information to a third-party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, brands, affiliates, subsidiaries or other assets.
If we otherwise intend to disclose your Personal Information to a third-party, we will identify that third-party and the purpose for the disclosure, and obtain your consent.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Sites may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Sites, and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by our Sites.
PURPOSE OF INFORMATION COLLECTION
We use the information we collect in order to:
Administer our Sites, including troubleshooting, and statistical or data analysis;
To improve our Sites and enhance user experience by ensuring you have access to personalized content in line with your interests;
Analyze user use and optimize our services;
To ensure that our Sites remain secure and are not subject to any hacking or fraud; and
Share information with our partners to provide targeted advertising and social media features.
We may use your Personal Information for purposes for which we have obtained your consent, and for such other purposes as may be permitted or required by applicable law. We may use the information we collect to advertise third-party products and services or targeted advertising of our Sites’ products and services across third-party websites or service offerings.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS STORED
All information collected through our Sites is stored on servers located in the United States. Our servers are certified under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
IP address and user agent string data from all visitors is stored in rotating log files on Amazon servers for up to seven (7) days. All of our employees, agents and partners are committed to keeping your data confidential.
CONSENT UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS
If you are based in the European Economic Area (the “
EEA
”), a consent window will appear when accessing our Sites. If you have clicked “yes”, your consent will be stored on our servers for twelve (12) months and your data will be processed as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. After twelve (12) months, you will be asked to provide consent again.
We comply with the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework.
You can withdraw consent at any time. Withdrawing consent may impede your ability to access certain services and will not allow us to provide the personalized Site experience.
DATA SECURITY
Our servers comply with ISO 27018, a code of practice that focuses on protection of Personal Information in the cloud. We comply with all reasonable precautions in order to ensure your information’s safety.
In the event that we become aware of any data security breach, alteration, unauthorized access or disclosure of any Personal Information, we will take all reasonable precautions to protect your information and will notify you as required by all applicable laws.
We have implemented physical, organizational, contractual and technological security measures with a view of protecting your Personal Information and other information from loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We have taken steps to ensure that the only personnel who are granted access to your Personal Information are those with a business ‘need-to-know’ or whose duties reasonably require such information.Despite the measures outlined above, no method of information transmission or information storage is absolutely secure or error-free, and as such, we cannot guarantee absolute security.
We store your Personal Information for twelve (12) months, or longer if permitted by law. This means we may retain your Personal Information even after you close your account with us.When deciding how long to keep your information, we consider:
Whether we are subject to any legal obligations (e.g., any laws that require us to keep transaction records for a certain period of time before we can delete them); and
Whether we have taken any legal positions (e.g., in connection with any statutes of limitation).
Rather than delete your information, we might de-identify it by removing identifying details.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our Sites do not intentionally collect any sensitive Personal Information, including:
Your social security number;
Your racial or ethnic origin;
Your political opinions;
Your religion or other beliefs;
Your health, biometric or genetic characteristics;
Any trade union membership; and
Any criminal background.
There are rare situations when we request this information (e.g., a reader survey asks about your political leanings), but you can decline to answer. Outside those situations we would prefer you never share that information with us.
AGE
Our Sites do not target people below the age of sixteen (16). By visiting our Sites, you hereby warrant that you are sixteen (16) years of age or older or are visiting our Sites under parental supervision.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose Personal Information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on us or any of our Sites.
ONLINE ACCOUNTS AND SERVICES
If you choose to participate in, register or access any of our services including, but not limited to, online accounts or online content, such as community forums, commenting features, surveys, or newsletters, we will request and receive Personal Information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, login details, including username and password or other contact details you may provide, as required. This Personal Information will then be held by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as it is necessary for us to carry out the services for which you registered. We may also use this information to improve the function of our Sites, online accounts and services and to prevent any abuse to our Sites.
You can choose to opt-out or unsubscribe from a newsletter or other emails you may receive from us by utilizing the “unsubscribe” link or mechanism noted in such emails, at any time. For forum account deletion requests, where applicable on our Sites, you may use the Forums Data Deletion Request Form. You can also submit a request to access or erase your data, or any other request to exercise your rights under applicable privacy legislation by contacting us at
data@valnetinc.com
. Should you have multiple email addresses subscribed or registered with us, you may continue to receive newsletters and/or communications until you unsubscribe each email address provided and/or delete your account(s).
CONTACT INFORMATION
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at
data@valnetinc.com
or by mail at the postal address listed above, attention: Data Compliance Department.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.id5.io/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our  878 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
Web Privacy Policy
Effective: March 31, 2022
For more information about ID5's broader privacy practices and models,
      including its placement of and access to online cookies and how to
      opt-out, please read the
ID5 Platform Privacy Policy
.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain how data collected
      through this website is used. This Privacy Policy only applies to data
      collected through the
id5.io
website, or other websites
      operated by ID5 and linked to this website.
This Web Privacy Policy applies where we are acting as a data controller
      with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service
      users; where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of
      that personal data.
You may
view or change your consent choices for this website
at any time
Collection and use of your information
In the Collection and use of your information section we have set out:
(a) The general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b) In the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from
      you, the source and specific categories of that data (i.e., Tracking
      Information);
(c) The purposes and legal basis for which we may process personal data;
      and
(d) The use of cookies on our websites.
When you visit our websites, we may collect certain information from
      you. This information falls into two categories: 1) personal data you
      voluntarily supply when you log into or submit data on our websites and
      2) tracking data collected as you navigate our sites.
Personal data you provide to us
We may retain and use for our business purposes (including to contact
      you, provide services to you, provide customer service and to send
      newsletters) personally identifiable information you provide to us such
      as your name, email address, and company. The legal basis for this
      processing is legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of
      our website and business, in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the
      GDPR.
Tracking information
We may retain and use technologies to track your use of our websites and
      tailor your web experience. The tracking information data may include
      your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version,
      operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and
      website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing,
      frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data
      is our analytics tracking system. The legal basis for this processing is
      our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website
      and services, in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.
Use of cookies on our websites
Cookies are small, unique strings of code stored on your computer that
      make it easier for you to use our site and help us improve site
      functionality and security. We may use both session cookies (which
      expire once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay
      on your computer until you delete them).
We use our own proprietary cookies, as well as cookies hosted by third
      party vendors. These cookies include non-personally identifiable
      information that allows advertisers and content owners provide a more
      customized web experience. They may be used to tailor ad content on
      sites you may visit in the future. They may collect data such as your
      browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits,
      content viewed, and other clickstream data. (These first-party cookies,
      targeted at our customers and site users, are different from the cookies
      we deploy through the ID5 service, which may capture browser data
      including but not limited to your IP address, browser version, OS type,
      etc. We do not, however, collect information regarding clickstream,
      browsing behavior, or web page keywords. To learn about these cookies
      please read the
ID5 Platform Privacy Policy
.
When you visit our web sites or open an email you have received from us,
      we, or one of our technology vendors, may place or recognize a unique
      cookie on your browser. These cookies, which do not contain personally
      identifiable information, enable us to customize our services and gather
      analytics about our web traffic. Additionally, emails we send to you may
      contain a bit of code known as a “web beacon.” This code helps us
      understand the time and date that a user has opened an email and when
      he/she has used a link within the email to visit a website, allowing us
      to collect analytics about our traffic and customize our services. You
      can disable our web beacons by turning images “off” in your email client
      (e.g., Outlook, Outlook Express). Please see your email client for more
      information.
We may also use cookies to automatically collect information about your
      computer when you visit our sites, and automatically store it in log
      files. This may include the type of browser software you use, the
      operating system you are running, the website that referred you, and
      your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
Your browser may permit you to reject or delete cookies, but this may
      prevent proper working of our website.
We may disclose your personal data as follows:
We will share your personal data with third parties only in the ways
      that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personal
      data to third parties.
Disclosure to Vendors and other service providers
We may use third party service providers for network, security, email,
      and hosting services. Suppliers and service providers are required by
      contract to keep confidential the information received on our behalf,
      and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services
      they are performing for us.
We use
Piwik PRO Analytics Suite (Piwik)
as our website/app
      analytics software [and consent management tool]. Piwik collects data
      about website visitors based on
cookies
. The collected information may include a visitor's IP address,
      operating system, browser ID, browsing activity and other information.
      You can find the scope of data collected by Piwik PRO
here
.
Through Piwik, we calculate metrics like bounce rate, page views,
      sessions and the like to understand how our website/app is used. [We may
      also create visitors' profiles based on browsing history to analyze
      visitor behaviour, show personalized content and run online campaigns.]
Piwik hosts its solution on Microsoft Azure in
      Germany/Netherlands/United States/Singapore/ElastX in Sweden, and the
      data is stored for 14/25 months.
The purpose of data processing: analytics and conversion tracking based
      on consent. Legal basis: Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. Piwik does not send the
      data about you to any other sub-processors or third parties and does not
      use it for its own purposes. For more information you can read
Piwik PRO's privacy policy
.
Disclosure required by law
Under certain circumstances personal data may be subject to disclosure
      pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders.
      Also when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to
      protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others,
      investigate fraud, or respond to a government request or to any other
      third party with your prior consent to do so. If we are ever legally
      compelled to disclose your personal data to a third party, we will
      notify you with the contact information we have unless doing so would
      violate the law or a court order.
Disclosure to Insurance
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional
      advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining
      or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining
      professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal
      claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or
      out-of-court procedure.
Disclosure of non-personal data
We may share with third parties or service providers non-personally
      identifiable information about your use of our website, which could
      include demographics, interests, and other online habits.
Your Rights
In the Your Rights Section, we have summarized the rights that you have
      under data protection law.
As it relates to personal data collected on this site, your principal
      rights under data protection law are:
(a) the right to access;
(b) the right to rectification;
(c) the right to erasure;
(d) the right to restrict processing;
(e) the right to object to processing;
(f) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(g) the right to withdraw consent.
Access
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your
      personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together
      with certain additional information.
Rectify
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you
      rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to
      have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
Erase
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal
      data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data
      are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were
      collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based
      processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of
      applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing
      purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However,
      there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions
      include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of
      freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal
      obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal
      claims.
Restrict/Object Processing
You have the right to request the restriction or suppression of your
      personal data. This is not an absolute right and only applies in certain
      circumstances, as listed above in Erase. When processing is restricted,
      we are permitted to store the personal data, but not use it.
Supervisory Authority
If you consider that our processing of your personal data infringes data
      protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a
      supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in
      the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or
      the place of the alleged infringement.
Withdrawal Consent
If your personal data changes, or if you no longer desire our service,
      you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove, or deactivate it by
      making the change on your settings page or by emailing our customer
      support at
privacy@id5.io
.
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter, we will use your name and
      email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your
      privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing
      emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these
      emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page or
      you can contact us at
privacy@id5.io
.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or
      as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your
      information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
      disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Other important information
Children's privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data about children. Our systems
      are not designed for use by children under the age of 13. If we learn we
      have collected or obtained personal data of someone under 13, we will
      delete that information from our database. If you believe that this has
      occurred, please contact us at
privacy@id5.io
.
Security
We take the security of our data and client's information seriously. We
      always take what we believe are reasonable precautions to protect
      against unauthorized access to our systems and to prevent data from
      being disclosed to unauthorized parties. We follow generally accepted
      standards to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during
      transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission
      over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
      Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security.
Business transitions
If we ever go through a business transition such as a merger,
      acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personal
      data and non-personal data will likely be among the assets transferred.
      You will be notified in advance by email where possible, and we will
      post a prominent notice on our website. We will require an acquiring
      company or merger agreement to uphold the material terms of this privacy
      statement, including honoring requests for account deletion.
Data Transfers
Where business needs exist, ID5 intends to transfer personal data to
      entities outside the EU. However, your personal data will not be
      transferred unless a valid transfer mechanism is in place legitimizing
      such a transfer. In the case referred to in Article 46,47, or the second
      paragraph of Article 49(1), this will typically involve EU model clauses
      or the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework. Safeguards afforded by the EU
      model clauses may be accessed
here
.
Links to third-party sites
Our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may
      differ from those of ID5. If you submit personal data to any of those
      sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We
      encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you
      visit.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images,
      articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the
      exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional
      third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded
      content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content
      if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Blog / Forum
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You
      should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be
      read, collected, and used by others who access them. You can request the
      removal of your personal data from our blog or community forum, by
      contacting us at
privacy@id5.io
. In
      some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal data, in which
      case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Changes to this policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 1, 2019. We will provide
      notice for 30 days whenever this Privacy Policy is changed in a material
      way. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest
      information on our privacy practices.
Contact information
If you have questions about this statement, please e-mail our privacy
      administrator at
privacy@id5.io
or
      contact us at:
Privacy Administrator, ID5, 15 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 3AR, UK
Sub-policy 1
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies.
Disable Criteo services
Our activity
Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”).
How do our services work?
Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc.
When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased.
Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo
. This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment.
When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space.
The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms.
Practical example
Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you:
When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com.
Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website.
Example of aggregated data available:
In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website
In general, Product C is popular on this website
When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse
Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it.
Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products:
Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session
Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session
Product C, because this product is popular.
If you disable Criteo services, we will not display any personalized ads to you. On the other hand, the advertising space may be purchased by another company to display personalized or non-personalized ads. If you want to disable Criteo services,
click here
.
Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us.
Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion:
on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;
on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);
on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;
and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about
how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”)
.
In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g. interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are.
We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you.
Our privacy pillars
We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy.
Data minimisation
We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy.
Privacy by design
Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers.
Key elements include:
As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.
These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.
The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services.
We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors.
Criteo's commitments
Our ads do not require:
To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.
To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application.
To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).
To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time.
Criteo supports industry initiatives for greater transparency in personalized advertising
Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising
and is integrated on the
DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform
, which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services.
European Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
. The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Criteo respects the
self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
and is present on the
DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices”
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
Network Advertising Initiative
Criteo adheres to the
codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
and is integrated with the
NAI unsubscription platform
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
IAB Europe
Criteo participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Criteo’s identification number within the framework is 91.
Criteo imposes a high level of requirements on its partners
We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the
Criteo Advertising Guidelines
and
Supply Partner Guidelines
, as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR.
By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it:
to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; and
to collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements.
In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them.
Google’s Privacy Sandbox
We participate in testing the Google Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies to enable digital advertising without using third-party cookies in Google Chrome. With your consent, and as part of the testing, Criteo may store and access data on your device or browser, including by setting new cookies, that
relates to your web browsing interests and to ad measurement. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on this
page
. For more information about the Google Privacy Sandbox please see
https://privacysandbox.com/
.
Your data, your choice
Understand my rights
in relation to my personal data.
Learn more about
how we use your data
.
Disable Criteo services
.
Contact us
.
Changes to our privacy policy
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated : 11/03/2022
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Statistics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Preference Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
33Across
host description
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
This website uses cookies
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
more information
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
http://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/:
Welcome to the Index Exchange Privacy Center
We are committed to protecting your privacy and treating your personal information, personal data, or the equivalent term in your region (collectively,
Personal Data
) with transparency, care, and respect. Unless otherwise specified, any reference to
Index Exchange
,
we
, or our in the policies, notices, and other web links referenced in the Privacy Center means Index Exchange Inc., and its direct and indirect global subsidiaries.
Exchange Platform
The ‘Exchange Platform Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to our advertising exchange platform; it explains
what Personal Data we collect
and
why
, and how we use or
share
your Personal Data. For example, if you receive an ad on your web browser that was delivered with the help of our technology, the ‘Exchange Platform Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to you.
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE NOTICE
Website and Corporate
The ‘Website and Corporate Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to our corporate activities; it explains
what Personal Data we collect
and
why
, and how we use or
share
your Personal Data. For example, if you visit our corporate website or apply to one of our job postings, the ‘Website and Corporate Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to you.
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE NOTICE
Your Privacy Rights
It is important to Index Exchange to ensure that you understand your privacy rights and how to make choices about your Personal Data. To learn more about how you can request access to and make decisions about the Personal Data we may collect, use, or share about you, please visit:
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
About Us
Index Exchange is a global digital advertising marketplace. Our technology (the
Index Exchange Platform
) helps our clients deliver advertising to you. The Index Exchange Platform hosts digital auctions that help our clients buy and sell online ads (collectively, our
Platform Services
). These ads can be found on websites, mobile applications (
Apps
), or video programming services, such as streaming apps on Smart TVs (collectively,
Digital Properties
).
As with any exchange platform, we act as an intermediary between buyers and sellers. Throughout this Policy, we refer to our clients that sell ad space as
Publishers
. Publishers own or operate the Digital Properties you may use or visit. We refer to clients that buy ad space (for example, advertisers) as
Buyers
. Buyers may include Demand-Side Platforms (
DSP
), Data Management Platforms (
DMPs
) and other partners (collectively,
Demand-Side Partners
). Demand-Side Partners act as additional intermediaries in the digital advertising supply chain that connect advertisers to Index Exchange to serve relevant ads to you on the Publisher Digital Properties you visit. Demand-Side Partners liaise with other Buyers, which also include advertisers (for example, brands), advertising agencies, and ad networks (collectively,
Ad Partners
). In summary, Index Exchange and Demand-Side Partners act as intermediaries that connect Ad Partners with Publishers to deliver relevant digital ads to you.
Learn more about us
Contact
Privacy Team at Index Exchange
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints about the above or our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@indexexchange.com
or at:
Attn: Index Exchange c/o Privacy
8 Spadina Avenue, Suite 2600, Toronto, Ontario
M5V0S8 Canada
Data Protection Officer
You can also contact our DPO at
gdpr@legalarmy.net
or at:
Attn: Index Exchange Data Protection Officer
Legal Army, S.L., B88103700
Calle Princesa 31, Piso 5, Puerta A1, Madrid, Spain, 28008
Sub-policy 4
https://triplelift.com/privacy/:
TripleLift Privacy Center
Last updated March 16, 2021
If you have a disability which prevents you from electronically accessing this policy and require it to be provided in alternative format (e.g., audio, large print), you can send us a message at our
contact
email listed below
Our Privacy Center is designed to provide you with quick and convenient access to essential information about our privacy practices as well as to tools where you can express your preferences.
TripleLift is committed to transparency, and we want you to understand fully how we may collect, use and share information relating to individuals like you and how to access the privacy choices that are available to you.
TripleLift Privacy Policies
To read our full privacy policies describing:
How we collect, use and share personal information on this website and in our corporate activities, please see our
Website and Corporate Privacy Policy here
How we collect, use and share personal information through our advertising technology, please see our
Advertising Technology Platform Privacy Policy here
TripleLift Cookie Statements
To read about how TripleLift uses cookies and similar technologies to collect personal information about individuals:
When you use or interact with our website or in our corporate business activities, see our
Cookie Notice here
In the operation of our advertising technology platform, see our
Advertising Technology Platform Cookie Notice here
TripleLift Opt-Out
There are many ways to opt out of the collection and use of data for advertising which our clients may conduct using our technology.
To express your preferences with respect to the information we may collect or receive about your device in our advertising technology, please visit our Opt-Out
here
.
To find out about alternative ways to opt out, see the section entitled
“Your Choices and Rights”
in our Advertising Technology Platform Privacy Policy.
Contact
Please contact us at the email provided below if you have any additional questions or wish to make a complaint:
About our collection, use and sharing of personal information on this website or in our corporate activities, please email privacy((at))triplelift((dot))com.
About our collection, use and sharing of personal information through our advertising technology, please email platformprivacy((at))triplelift((dot))com.
Sub-policy 5
https://kargo.com/privacy:
Solutions
Resources
Gallery
Publishers
About
Contact Us
Back
Advertising Solutions
CTV
Creative Composer
Digital Circular
Case Studies
Back
Ad Specs
Native Ad Specs
Kargo DSP Troubleshooting
Research & Insights
DSP Set Up Guides
Back
About Kargo
In the News
Careers
Blog
Let’s Connect at HLTH!
Oct. 20–23  |  Las Vegas
Advertise With Us
PRIVACY POLICY – SERVICES
PRIVACY POLICY FOR KARGO GLOBAL, INC.
1. Introduction to Our Services Privacy Policy
Kargo is committed to transparency concerning its data practices.  Our goal is to provide you with clear and meaningful information on the data we collect, use and share and make sure you understand and can exercise your rights concerning your personal data.
This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes how Kargo Global, Inc. (“Kargo”, “we,” “our,” or “us”) collects, uses, and discloses information, which may include personal data or personal information protected by applicable laws, in connection with our services related to digital advertising (“Services”). This Policy also describes the choices you can make about the information we collect in connection with the Services. This Policy does not describe how we collect and use information from our corporate websites, such as Kargo.com. For information on how Kargo uses information collected from our corporate websites, please click here:
https://kargo.com/websiteprivacy
.
As part of its commitment to consumer privacy, Kargo is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct.  Kargo also adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles.  In addition, Kargo has implemented and follows the specifications and policies of the IAB EU Transparency & Consent Framework (TCF) as part of our compliance with EU data protection law. See https://iabeurope.eu/tcf-2-0/ for more information. Kargo’s vendor identification number within the TCF is 972.
2. Introduction to Kargo
When we refer to “Kargo,” “we,” or “us” in this Privacy Policy, we mean the Kargo entity that acts as the controller or processor of your information, as explained in more detail in Section 6 below.
Through its Services, Kargo facilitates the buying and selling of digital ads for our business partners, which include advertising partners, brands, advertising agencies, marketing companies, and online publishers (“publisher partners”). The collection, use and sharing of data may enable these partners, using the Services, to conduct interest-based advertising. Interest-based advertising involves showing you ads on the websites you visit that may be of interest to you based on your browsing history.
Ads will appear on the websites you visit whether or not the ads are interest-based.
Digital publishers of all sizes, from bloggers to international news organizations, rely on advertiser revenue to support their content.  Click
here
to learn more about interest-based advertising. Alternatively, we may use previously collected data to predict the types of ads that we believe visitors to websites may be interested in, so that we can display relevant ads without needing to use data relating to the current visitor. We also provide a range of related services to our customers, including measurement of ad performance, media strategy, or brand surveys.
3. Information We Collect
Our goal is to provide you with relevant, engaging advertising content in a way that respects your right to privacy. As described below, we deliver the Services using device data and browsing history. We do not collect or know your name, address, email, date of birth, phone number, or other personal identifying information unless you choose to provide it to us (e.g., if you contact us with an inquiry).
Through the Services, we collect information that allows us to make inferences about your interests for advertising purposes.  This data may constitute personal information or personal data protected by applicable laws. Collecting the types of information described below allows us to work with our business partners to show you interest-based advertisements and to measure the success of those advertisements.
Technical Identifiers
We use certain types of technical identifiers to identify your device, including:
Kargo-developed proprietary identifiers
Cookies (small text files)
Mobile advertising identifiers (such as Apple IDFA and Google AAID)
IP address
Non-personal data inferred from an IP address or other technical identifier, such as non-precise geo-location data, which may include inferred longitude/latitude
Device-related data such as phone-type, browser, operating system, connection type.
Online Behavioral Information
We collect information about your online browsing activity to determine what types of activities and products you may be interested in. This includes:
Websites and content viewed
Mobile applications used
Dates and times of visits to partner websites
Engagement with advertisements (e.g. views, clicks, whether a full video was viewed)
Survey responses
Client and Partner IDs
Our clients and business partners sometimes create technical identifiers for their own purposes. We may use information from different sources to associate these identifiers with additional information.
Location Information
We may collect and process information about your general location. The information we collect may tell us which country, city or zip code you are in, but it does not tell us your precise location.
De-Identified Information
Kargo may use de-identified information to support our interest-based advertising activities. We do not retain any personal information connected with the de-identified information.
You do not have to provide any personal information to Kargo, and if you previously consented to providing the data, you can manage your data choices as set out in Section 8 below.
If you opt-out of providing personal data, you will still see advertising on webpages you visit.
Without the use of your data, any advertising delivered on our Services may be less relevant to your interests.
4. How We Collect Information
To collect the information described above, we and our business partners may use cookies, which are small text files that online services often store on device hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their sites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your device when a user of your device returns to a website that it has visited previously.
We use cookies to enable us and our business partners to present you with more relevant advertising by collecting information about your online activities over time and across our business partners’ websites and mobile properties, from which we may be able to infer the topics, products and services that may interest you. We also use cookies to collect information about how visitors use and access our business partners’ websites and mobile properties and to develop reports on website usage on an aggregate basis.
You can find out more information about cookies at
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/
In addition to cookies, we use local web storage on the browser that is used to access our publisher partners’ websites.  Local storage, like cookies, is contained on the browser you are using when you see a Kargo advertisement on our publisher partners’ websites. Like cookies, the browser or window type (e.g., private browsing) you utilize on your device may restrict the data that can be stored and the length of time it persists.
5. How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use the information we collect to:
deliver or enable our advertising partners to deliver personalized messages that match your interests, including interest-based advertisements, or to predict the types of ads that visitors to certain websites may be likely to find of interest;
understand the interests of our publisher partners’ users;
customize user experiences when they use our advertising partners’ services;
generate and analyze reports and statistics about the performance of advertising campaigns, and improve performance over time, for our business partners and for our own use, including through brand surveys;
fulfill the purposes described to you at the point of collection or in accordance with your consent.
We may combine or aggregate any of the information we collect through our Services for any of these purposes.
6. Information of EU Area Users
If you are located in the European Union, European Economic Area, Switzerland or the UK (referred to in this policy as the “EU area”), and your information is subject to applicable EU area laws.  Kargo’s legal basis for processing your personal data depends upon the specific context in which we collect or use it. For EU area users, Kargo uses the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF) as one mechanism for establishing our legal basis. The TCF is designed to allow a publisher to present information and choices to users about third-party vendors, like Kargo, that process data based on you accessing the publisher’s content. The TCF will display information about the purposes for which Kargo processes data and allow you to make choices with respect to those purposes. You can change your preferences at any time as set out in Section 8 below.
In addition, we may use information that we collect when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary (a) to protect our rights, the integrity of our Services, or your safety or the safety of others, or (b) to detect, prevent, or respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of Terms of Use related to the Service, or violations of law. For EU area users, our legal basis for use of information under these circumstances is the legitimate interest of Kargo or our business partners.   Such use is compatible with your legal rights, as no additional personal information is processed, and there is no effect on your web or app experience, or other intrusive processing.
Kargo may act as a “controller” as defined under applicable law when processing your personal data. We may also act as a “processor” as defined under applicable law to the extent that we receive your personal data from, or collect or process your personal data on behalf of and at the instruction of another party, for example a publisher or an advertiser.
7. How We Share the Information We Collect
We may share information we collect in connection with the provision of our Services for purposes that include but are not limited to the following:
with our advertising partners and technical service providers to enable our advertising partners to deliver personalized messages that match your interests, including interest-based advertisements. These include:
providers of IT-related services (e.g. data storage, hosting, management, or maintenance)
data analytics providers (e.g. measuring which advertisements receive the most views, clicks or sales, or categorizing data into interest groups)
advertising technology companies (e.g. data management platforms, demand side platforms, or ad-servers);
with our affiliates, representatives and advisors around the world who are involved in the provision of the Services and performing and enforcing our contracts and terms of service;
with our business partners, such as web publishers, advertisers or advertising agencies, for the purposes described in this Policy;
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal, regulatory or law enforcement process, or to comply with government reporting obligations;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary (a) to protect our rights, the integrity of our Services, or your safety or the safety of others, or (b) to detect, prevent, or respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of Terms of Use related to the Service, or violations of law;
with affiliates, service providers, advisors, and other third parties to the extent reasonably necessary to proceed with the negotiation or completion of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets.
For users in the EU area and the UK, your information will be stored in the United States, and our affiliates and technical service providers outside the EU area and the UK may have access to information in order to assist us in providing our Services. In each case, we have in place safeguards that enable these transfers to happen in a way that ensures that the information is handled in accordance with our instructions and using similar standards to those applicable in the EU area and the UK. These safeguards may include standard contractual clauses for data exports as approved by the European Commission or other supervisory authorities. A copy of these documents may be made available if we receive a valid request.
Subsequent to the exit of the UK from the EU, we intend to continue to transfer personal data from the UK to the EU and the European Economic Area (“EEA”). When our Services involve transfers of personal data out of the EEA or the UK to a jurisdiction that is not the object of an EU or UK “adequacy” decision, then we will rely on the Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission or UK or other relevant authority.
In order to operate our business efficiently, we have to store and process transferred personal data in the United States, the UK, the EU and/or any other country where our partners, processors or subprocessors maintain facilities. We will only do so as long as those partners, processors and subprocessors transfer data via a valid legal mechanism such as the European Commission Standard Contractual Clauses which commit them to similar data protection standards as in the EU and the UK.
8. Your Choices About the Information We Collect
You are able to exercise control over the use of information collected by Kargo to serve you interest-based advertisements. These tools are browser-specific, so you should repeat this process for each browser that you use.
You may opt out of or withdraw your consent for our use of information collected for interest-based advertising purposes by using one of the “opt out” procedures described below:
Browser Opt-out
: If you prefer not to see targeted ads via interest-based advertising from our platform on mobile websites, you may opt-out of or withdraw your consent for such interest-based advertising from Kargo by clicking “Click to Opt-Out” below to place an opt-out cookie on your device, if your device accepts such cookies. Kargo will set this opt-out cookie for a period of at least ten (10) years, unless you reset your device or clear your cache or cookies as set forth herein. This opt-out requires that you have cookies enabled and will need to be repeated if cookies are cleared on your browser (which can happen if you clear your browsing history or re-install your browser). This opt out cookie can also be impacted by browser technologies that impact the ability of javascript cookies to persist in your browser. In the event the browser resets your cookie, your cookie opt out might not persist for as long as our technologies attempt to place. But in this case, please note that your browser is attempting to utilize native privacy features.
Click to opt out.
Even if you opt out, you will still see advertising on the web pages you visit. However, such advertising may be less relevant to your interests.
You also may opt out of or withdraw your consent for our use of information collected for interest-based advertising purposes on mobile websites and have an opt-out cookie placed on your device if your device accepts such cookies by visiting either one of the following industry-developed sites and selecting Kargo:
Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice Page:
www.aboutads.info/choices
.
Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Choice Page:
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
.
Please note that all of the options provided in this policy are browser-specific, so you should opt out on each device and browser for which you would like your preferences to apply. These tools also use cookies and cached files to record your preferences. If you delete your cookies or clear your browser cache, you may have deleted your opt-out status and may need to opt out again.
App Opt-Out:
You may select a system level advertising preference feature on your device and Kargo will honor this preference to opt out your device from interest-based advertising in apps. On Apple iOS devices, this system level advertising preference may be accessed via Settings – Privacy – Advertising – Limit Ad Tracking. On Android devices, open the Google Settings app from your app drawer or from your operating system’s settings menu, tap Ads, and select “Opt-out of Interest-based ads.”
9. Other US State Laws
Consumers who are resident in US states such as California, Colorado, Virginia, Connecticut, or Utah may have additional rights under state privacy legislation which defines personal information more broadly, ensures greater transparency and accountability and provides consumers with extended rights as to the collection and use of their personal information.
Your rights under US State Privacy Laws:
If you are resident in one of the states where specific privacy legislation is in effect then, depending on the particular provisions of applicable local laws, you may have some or all of the following rights:
Right to correction: Consumers have the right to request a business that possesses inaccurate personal information about the consumer to correct such inaccurate personal information, taking into the account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
Right to notice: Businesses must inform consumers at or before the point of collection what categories of personal information will be collected and the purposes for which these categories will be used.
Right to access: Consumers have the right to request that a business disclose the categories of personal information collected; the categories of sources from which personal information is collected; the business or commercial purpose; the categories of third parties with which the business shares personal information; and the specific pieces of personal information the business holds about a consumer. If a business sells personal information or discloses it for business purposes, consumers have the right to request the categories of information so sold or disclosed.
Right to opt out: Consumers have the right—at any time—to direct businesses that sell or share personal information about the consumer to third parties to stop such sales or sharing, known as the right to opt out. If a consumer is a minor, this becomes a right to opt in to the sale or sharing of data (exercised by the minor if the consumer is between 13 and 16 years of age, or by the minor’s parent or guardian if the consumer is under 13 years old). Businesses must wait at least 12 months before asking consumers to opt back in.
Right to request deletion: Consumers also have the right to request deletion of personal information, but only where that information was collected from the consumer. Like the right to erasure under the GDPR, this right is subject to exceptions. For instance, businesses need not delete personal information necessary for detecting security incidents, exercising free speech, protecting or defending against legal claims, or—in what is potentially a broad and likely contentious category—for internal uses reasonably aligned with the consumer’s expectations.
Right to limit use of sensitive information; Consumers have the right to restrict a business’s use of sensitive personal information e.g. to use that is necessary to provide goods or services requested, to certain business purposes, or other legally permitted purposes.
Right to equal services and prices: Businesses must not discriminate against consumers by denying goods or services, charging a different price or rate for goods or services, providing a different level or quality of goods or services, or suggesting that they will do any of these things based upon a consumer’s exercise of any of their legal rights relating to their personal information. Put differently, consumers have a right to equal services and prices.
Exercising your rights under US state laws:
If you want to make a request for exercise of any of the above rights, you (or your authorized agent) can write to
privacyinfo [at] kargo.com
and we will respond within 45 days as per the law.
If you make such a request, including through an authorized agent, we reserve the right to verify your identity and the agent’s authorization.
However, we may not be able to respond to your request if it is not permitted or foreseen under applicable law.
(Please note that we do transfer personal information collected through our network of partners to third parties and as such are considered as having disclosed or sold or shared data over the past twelve months. Please see Section 10 below for more information).
10. Additional Information for California Consumers
10.1. Personal Information Collected in the past 12 months
Category
Examples
Source
Business or Commercial Purpose
Categories of third parties disclosed to
Identifiers
Unique personal identifier
, online identifier, Internet Protocol address (e.g. device
                    and cookie IDs)
From partner websites and apps
From third party data providers
From our clients
Providing and improving our targeted or contextual  advertising services which include creating and enriching profiles and audiences for our clients and related services such as ad performance measurement
- Our clients
- Our data hosting and storage providers
- Our providers of advertising technology and services such
                    as demand side providers, data management platforms, and ad
                    networks
- Our data processing service providers (for purposes such
                    as analytics, database management, customer support)
- Our other group companies
Commercial information
Records of products or
services
purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or
                    consuming histories or tendencies (e.g. sites visited, apps
                    used, searches, views, clicks, and purchases)
As above
As above
As above
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Information regarding your interaction with websites and
                    applications (e.g. sites visited, apps used, searches,
                    views, clicks, and purchases)
As above
As above
As above
Geolocation Data
Approximate location from information provided by your
                    device (e.g. IP address)
As above
As above
As above
Inferences
Inferences
drawn from any of the information above to create a
                    profile
As above
As above
As above
Sensitive personal information
Personal information revealing a consumer’s racial or
                    ethnic origin; information concerning a consumer’s health
Inferred from the above information
As above
As above
Professional or employment-related information
Contact information used for managing and transacting with business contacts
From individuals directly, e.g. via correspondence, chat, telephone, or web forms.

From events and online and offline networking.

From private and public sources such as websites and trade directories.
Promoting and managing our business
- Our data processing service providers (for purposes such as analytics, database management, email management, customer support)
- Our other group companies
*“Personal Information” does not include publicly available
                    information, including information that we have a
                    reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to
                    the general public by you; from widely distributed media;
                    or by a person to whom you have disclosed it and not
                    restricted the information to a specific audience.
10.2. Personal Information Sold or Shared in the past 12 months
We have sold and/or shared the following categories of Personal information in the past 12 months: (a) Identifiers; (b) Commercial information; (c) Internet or other electronic network activity information; (d) Geolocation Data; (e) Inferences; and (f) Sensitive Personal Data.
Such information is contained in audiences or profiles that we provide to our clients.
10.3. Personal Information disclosed for a business purpose in the past 12 months
We have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose in the past 12 months: (a) Identifiers; (b) Commercial information; (c) Internet or other electronic network activity information; (d) Geolocation Data; (e) Inferences; and (f) Sensitive Personal Data.
These business purposes comprise:
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
Helping to ensure security and integrity.
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Performing services on our behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services on our behalf.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our Services, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance our Services.
11. Your EU Area Rights
If you are an EU area user and your information is subject to applicable EU area laws, you have additional rights in relation to information that we process about you. These rights include:
to ask for access to the data
to ask for errors in the data to be corrected
to ask for the data to be erased (the “right to be forgotten”)
if not erased, then to ask us to restrict processing of the data
to object to its processing for specific purposes
to ask for a copy of the data to take to another service provider (“data portability”)
Where we process any information based on consent that you have previously given, you are permitted to withdraw your consent at any time (though the processing that took place before withdrawal will still be legal). You may withdraw consent by (1) managing online choices as set out above; or (2) visiting the websites where you have previously indicated your consent.
As indicated above, Kargo does not process contact or ID information such as names or emails. Therefore, unless you provide us with a relevant technical ID from your device, while we will always investigate any request thoroughly, it may be impossible for us to know whether or not we are processing any information relating to you. In these cases, we normally take the approach that it is more protective for you to use the systems referred to above that enable you to directly manage your online choices and cookie settings, and not to ask you for (and then to process) additional information about you in order to investigate such a request.
We are always available through the contacts in Section 15 below to help resolve any issues or questions in relation to processing of your information. If you believe that your rights have not been respected then you are also entitled to make a complaint to the Supervisory Authority or Personal Data Protection Authority in your country to ask them for a resolution.
12. Users Under 16 Years Old
Kargo does not knowingly collect personal information from users under 16 years old. If you become aware that Kargo may have collected information from a user under 16 through the Services, please contact us (see Section 15) and we will take steps to delete such information.
13. Security
We strive to maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to safeguard the information we collect from unauthorized access, corruption or loss. In general, information is kept in pseudonymous form (i.e. you cannot be personally identified from it without additional data) and we apply security measures such as password protection and Transport Layer Security technology (TLS).
14. Information Retention
We retain information collected for interest-based advertising purposes for up to eighteen months from the date of its collection, unless you reset your device or clear your cache or cookies as referred to above.
If we need to keep your information longer than eighteen months for reporting, accounting, regulatory or legal reasons, then we will retain it only for as long as necessary under the applicable laws, policies or agreement and will use the information only for the purpose for which it was retained.
We retain personal data of business contacts for 3 years from your latest purchase or contact with us. Personal data may be, wholly or in part, retained for a longer or shorter-term if required by applicable law or if there is another justified reason to retain or delete them (e.g. for recordkeeping purposes or in line with limitation periods for legal actions). In those cases, your personal data will be erased without delay after there is no longer any need for such retention.
15. Request for Information Disclosures
Reporting period Jan. 1 2020 - Dec. 31 2020
From Jan. 1 2020 - Dec. 31 2020, Kargo Global Inc. received a total of four (4) requests via the contact information listed in section 15. These requests can be categorized as deletion requests or information requests. Two (2) requests can be categorized as deletion. Two (2) requests can be categorized as information. While no specific requests were made to opt out via direct contact, Kargo provides an opt out link on this page and via the NAI as mentioned in section 1. In the cases of all requests in 2020, we issued a response to the data subject within an average of 6 days (median of 5 days). A member of the team responded to these requests either in the context of requesting more information to verify the identity of the data subject, or providing the data subject a link to an online portal where they could view additional information within their browsers which may be utilized by Kargo technologies. In all cases of the requests in 2020, Kargo did not receive a further reply after our initial response from the data subject.
16. Changes to This Policy
We may update this Policy from time to time to address changes in the Services, changes in the laws or regulations, or for other reasons. If we update this Policy, we will notify you by posting a new Policy on this page. If we make a change that materially affects the way in which we use or share the information previously collected from you through our Services, we will not apply that change to information collected prior to the date of the change.
17. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or our use of your information, please contact us by email at
privacyinfo@kargo.com
, or by mail at Kargo Global, Inc., 826 Broadway, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10003, Attn: Legal. We welcome your questions and feedback.
Our representative in the EEA is Kargo Media Ireland Limited, of ArcLabs Research and Innovation Centre, Carriganore, Co. Waterford, Ireland.
This Policy was last updated on November 28, 2023
Sub-policy 6
https://www.xandr.com/privacy/platform-privacy-policy/:
This is the Trace Id: 1d089a483a5f7c311fe016619e5f307d
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Last Updated: March 2025
What's new?
Print
Expand All
Collapse All
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Personal data we collect
How we use personal data
Reasons we share personal data
How to access and control your personal data
Cookies and similar technologies
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
Microsoft account
Collection of data from children
Other important privacy information
Security of personal data
Where we store and process personal data
Our retention of personal data
U.S. State Data Privacy
Advertising
Speech recognition technologies
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Changes to this privacy statement
How to contact us
Product-specific details:
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise online services
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Productivity and communications products
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft Family
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Teams
OneDrive
Outlook
Skype
Surface
Surface Duo
LinkedIn
Search and browse
Bing
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Translator
SwiftKey
Windows
Activation
Activity history
Advertising ID
Diagnostics
Personalized offers
Feedback Hub
Get Help
Live captions
Location services and recording
Narrator
Phone Link - Link to Windows
Cross-device experiences
Security and safety features
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Sync and backup settings
Update Services
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
Windows AI Features
Windows apps
Windows Hello
Windows Search
Entertainment and related services
Xbox
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Start
Silverlight
Windows Mixed Reality
Cookies
Most Microsoft sites use cookies, small text files placed on your device which web servers utilize in the domain that placed the cookie can retrieve later. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help with sign-in, provide personalized ads, and analyze site operations. For more information, see the
Cookies and similar technologies
section of this privacy statement.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Microsoft complies with the EU-U.S., UK Extension to the EU-U.S., and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks. To learn more, see the
Where we store and process personal data
section, and
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
.
Contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or EU Data Protection Officer, please contact us by using our
web form
. For more information about contacting Microsoft, including Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, see the
How to contact us
section of this privacy statement.
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.
Microsoft offers a wide range of products, including server products used to help operate enterprises worldwide, devices you use in your home, software that students use at school, and services developers use to create and host what’s next. References to Microsoft products in this statement include Microsoft services, websites, apps, software, servers, and devices.
Please read the product-specific details in this privacy statement, which provide additional relevant information. This statement applies to the interactions Microsoft has with you and the Microsoft products listed below, as well as other Microsoft products that display this statement.
Young people may prefer starting with the
Privacy for young people
page. That page highlights information that may be helpful for young people.
For individuals in the United States, please refer to our
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
and the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the processing of your personal data, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Personal data we collect
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products. You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. We also obtain data about you from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When we ask you to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data -required to provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you are using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use such data will not work for you.
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products for a variety of purposes described below, including to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create a Microsoft account, administer your organization’s licensing account, submit a search query to Bing, register for a Microsoft event, upload a document to OneDrive, sign up for Microsoft 365, or contact us for support. We get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experience with our products and communications. In addition, we receive data from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
We rely on a variety of legal reasons and permissions (sometimes called “legal bases”) to process data, including with your consent, a balancing of legitimate interests, necessity to enter into and perform contracts, and compliance with legal obligations, for a variety of purposes described below.
We also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time and include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Services that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give us permission to access your data on such third-party services or networks.
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products.
Third parties that deliver experiences through Microsoft products.
Publicly-available sources, such as open public sector, academic, and commercial data sets and other data sources.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When you are asked to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to operate and provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data required to operate and provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use the data will not work for you.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the products and features you use, your location, and applicable law
.
The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data
. Your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials
. Passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data
. Data about you such as your age, gender, country, and preferred language.
Payment data
. Data to process payments, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number) and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Subscription and licensing data
. Information about your subscriptions, licenses, and other entitlements.
Interactions
. Data about your use of Microsoft products. In some cases, such as search queries, this is data you provide in order to make use of the products. In other cases, such as error reports, this is data we generate. Other examples of interactions data include:
Device and usage data
. Data about your device and the product and features you use, including information about your hardware and software, how our products perform, as well as your settings. For example:
Payment and account history
. Data about the items you purchase and activities associated with your account.
Browse history
. Data about the webpages you visit.
Device, connectivity, and configuration data
. Data about your device, your device configuration, and nearby networks. For example, data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys. In addition, IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones), regional and language settings, and information about WLAN access points near your device.
Error reports and performance data
. Data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports. Error reports (sometimes called “crash dumps”) can include details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files opened when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and help data
. Data you provide when you contact Microsoft for help, such as the products you use, and other details that help us provide support. For example, contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Microsoft, data about the condition of your device, and the products you use related to your help inquiry. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Bot usage data
. Interactions with bots and skills available through Microsoft products, including bots and skills provided by third parties.
Interests and favorites
. Data about your interests and favorites, such as the sports teams you follow, the programming languages you prefer, the stocks you track, or cities you add to track things like weather or traffic. In addition to those you explicitly provide, your interests and favorites can also be inferred or derived from other data we collect, such as your interactions on websites where our technology is used to show or measure ads.
Content consumption data
. Information about media content (e.g., TV, video, music, audio, text books, apps, and games) you access through our products.
Searches and commands
. Search queries and commands when you use Microsoft products with search or related productivity functionality, such as interactions with a chat bot.
Voice data
. Your voice data, sometimes referred to as “voice clips”, such as search queries, commands, or dictation you speak, which may include background sounds.
Text, inking, and typing data
. Text, inking, and typing data and related information. For example, when we collect inking data, we collect information about the placement of your inking instrument on your device.
Images
. Images and related information, such as picture metadata. For example, we collect the image you provide when you use a Bing image-enabled service.
Contacts and relationships
. Data about your contacts and relationships if you use a product to share information with others, manage contacts, communicate with others, or improve your productivity.
Social data
. Information about your relationships and interactions between you, other people, and organizations, such as types of engagement (e.g., likes, dislikes, events, etc.) related to people and organizations.
Location data
. Data about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. For example, we collect location data using Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (e.g., GPS) and data about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots. Location can also be inferred from a device’s IP address or data in your account profile that indicates where it is located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Other input
. Other inputs provided when you use our products. For example, data such as the buttons you press on an Xbox wireless controller using the Xbox network, skeletal tracking data when you use Kinect, and other sensor data, like the number of steps you take, when you use devices that have applicable sensors. If you attend an in-store event, we collect the data you provide to us when registering for or during the event and if you enter into a prize promotion, we collect the data you input into the entry form.
Content
. Content of your files and communications you input, upload, receive, create, and control. For example, if you transmit a file using Skype to another Skype user, we need to collect the content of that file to display it to you and the other user. If you receive an email using Outlook.com, we need to collect the content of that email to deliver it to your inbox, display it to you, enable you to reply to it, and store it for you until you choose to delete it. Other content we collect when providing products to you include:
Communications, including audio, video, text (typed, inked, dictated, or otherwise), in a message, email, call, meeting request, or chat.
Photos, images, songs, movies, software, and other media or documents you store, retrieve, or otherwise process with our cloud.
Video or recordings
. Recordings of events and activities at Microsoft buildings, retail spaces, and other locations. If you enter Microsoft Store locations or other facilities, or attend a Microsoft event that is recorded, we may process your image and voice data.
Feedback and ratings
. Information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback, survey data, and product reviews you write.
Traffic data
. Data generated through your use of Microsoft’s communications services. Traffic data indicates with whom you have communicated and when your communications occurred. We will process your traffic data only as required to provide, maintain, and improve our communications services and we do so with your consent.
Product-specific sections below describe data collection practices applicable to use of those products.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How we use personal data
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products) or obtain from third parties to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience, to make informed business decisions, and for other legitimate purposes.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
For these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products). For example, Microsoft Store uses information about the apps and services you use to make personalized app recommendations. However, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations where required by law. For example, where required by law, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Purposes and legal bases for processing
When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as required to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security and safety of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests of Microsoft or third parties as described in this section and in the
Reasons we share personal data
section of this privacy statement. Our bases for processing your personal data may vary depending on how and across what products and services we process your data.
When we process personal data based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests, we consider and balance those interests against your rights and freedoms, and we will only process your personal data where the legitimate interests we have in processing are not outweighed by your interests.
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, we do so based on a variety of legal mechanisms, as described in the
Where we store and process personal data
section of this privacy statement.
More on the purposes of processing:
Provide our products
. We use data to operate our products and provide you with rich, interactive experiences. For example, if you use OneDrive, we process the documents you upload to OneDrive to enable you to retrieve, delete, edit, forward, or otherwise process it, at your direction as part of the service. Or, for example, if you enter a search query in the Bing search engine, we use that query to display search results to you. Additionally, as communications are a feature of various products, programs, and activities, we use data to contact you. For example, we may contact you by phone or email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or discuss your licensing account. We also communicate with you to secure our products, for example by letting you know when product updates are available.
Product improvement
. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we use error reports to improve security features, search queries and clicks in Bing to improve the relevancy of the search results, usage data to determine what new features to prioritize, and voice data to develop and improve speech recognition accuracy.
Personalization
. Many products include personalized features, such as recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment. These features use automated processes to tailor your product experiences based on the data we have about you, such as inferences we make about you and your use of the product, activities, interests, and location. For example, depending on your settings, if you stream movies in a browser on your Windows device, you may see a recommendation for an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. If you have a Microsoft account, with your permission, we can sync your settings on several devices. Many of our products provide controls to disable personalized features.
Product activation
. We use data—such as device and application type, location, and unique device, application, network, and subscription identifiers—to activate products that require activation.
Product development
. We use data to develop new products. For example, we use data, often de-identified, to better understand our customers’ computing and productivity needs, and to train and fine-tune AI models, which can shape the development of new products.
Customer support
. We use data to troubleshoot and diagnose product problems, repair customers’ devices, and provide other customer care and support services, including to help us provide, improve, and secure the quality of our products, services, and training, and to investigate security incidents. Call recording data may also be used to authenticate or identify you based on your voice to enable Microsoft to provide support services and investigate security incidents.
Help secure and troubleshoot
. We use data to help secure and troubleshoot our products. This includes using data to protect the security and safety of our products and customers, detecting malware and malicious activities, troubleshooting performance and compatibility issues to help customers get the most out of their experiences, and notifying customers of updates to our products. This may include using automated systems to detect security and safety issues.
Safety
. We use data to protect the safety of our products and our customers. Our security features and products can disrupt the operation of malicious software and notify users if malicious software is found on their devices. For example, some of our products, such as Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically scan content in an automated manner to identify suspected spam, viruses, abusive actions, or URLs that have been flagged as fraud, phishing, or malware links; and we reserve the right to block delivery of a communication or remove content if it violates our terms.
In accordance with European Union Regulation (EU) 2021/1232, we have invoked the derogation permitted by that Regulation from Articles 5(1) and 6(1) of EU Directive 2002/58/EC. We use scanning technologies to create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) of certain images and video content on our systems. These technologies then compare the hashes they generate with hashes of reported child sexual exploitation and abuse imagery (known as a “hash set”), in a process called “hash matching”. Microsoft obtains hash sets from organizations that act in the public interest against child sex abuse. This can result in sharing information with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) and law enforcement authorities.
Updates
. We use data we collect to develop product updates and security patches. For example, we may use information about your device’s capabilities, such as available memory, to provide you a software update or security patch. Updates and patches are intended to maximize your experience with our products, help you protect the privacy and security of your data, provide new features, and evaluate whether your device is ready to process such updates.
Promotional communications
. We use data we collect to deliver promotional communications. You can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. For information about managing your contact data, email subscriptions, and promotional communications, see the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Relevant offers
. Microsoft uses data to provide you with relevant and valuable information regarding our products. We analyze data from a variety of sources to predict the information that will be most interesting and relevant to you and deliver such information to you in a variety of ways. For example, we may predict your interest in gaming and communicate with you about new games you may like.
Advertising
. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls, or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use data we collect through our interactions with you, through some of our first-party products, services, apps, and web properties (Microsoft properties), and on third-party web properties, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. We may use automated processes to help make advertising more relevant to you. For more information about how your data is used for advertising, see the
Advertising
section of this privacy statement.
Prize promotions and events
. We use your data to administer prize promotions and events available in our physical Microsoft Stores. For example, if you enter into a prize promotion, we may use your data to select a winner and provide the prize to you if you win. Or, if you register for a coding workshop or gaming event, we will add your name to the list of expected attendees.
Transacting commerce
. We use data to carry out your transactions with us. For example, we process payment information to provide customers with product subscriptions and use contact information to deliver goods purchased from the Microsoft Store.
Reporting and business operations
. We use data to analyze our operations and perform business intelligence. This enables us to make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Protecting rights and property
. We use data to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property. For example, we use data to confirm the validity of software licenses to reduce piracy. We may use automated processes to detect and prevent activities that violate our rights and the rights of others, such as fraud.
Legal compliance
. We process data to comply with applicable laws. For example, we use the age of our customers to assist us in meeting our obligations to protect children’s privacy. We also process contact information and credentials to help customers exercise their data protection rights.
Research.
With appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard individuals’ rights and freedoms, we use data to conduct research, including advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities for the benefit of the public interest and scientific purposes.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Reasons we share personal data
We share your personal data with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. We also share data with Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries; with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect the rights and property of Microsoft and its customers.
Please note that, as defined under certain U.S. state data privacy laws, “sharing” also relates to providing personal data to third parties for personalized advertising purposes. Please see the
U.S. State Data Privacy
section below and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information.
We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you send an email to a friend, share photos and documents on OneDrive, or link accounts with another service. If you use a Microsoft product provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as an employer or school, or use an email address provided by such organization to access Microsoft products, we share certain data, such as interaction data and diagnostic data to enable your organization to manage the products. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. Additionally, when you save a payment method (such as a card) to your account that you and other Microsoft account holders use to make purchases from Microsoft or its affiliates, your purchase receipts may be shared with anyone else who uses and has access to the same payment method to make a purchase from Microsoft, including the payment method’s named accountholder. When you permit push notifications for Microsoft products or applications on a non-Windows device, the operating system of that device will process some personal data to provide push notifications. Accordingly, Microsoft may send data to an external, third-party notification provider to deliver push notifications. Your device’s push notification services are governed by their own service-specific terms and privacy statements.
We also share personal data for digital advertising purposes. When you visit a website or use an app that wants to show you ads, the digital property may allow Microsoft to access or receive device data or certain other data identified in the Personal data we collect section above. We may then share this information with third party advertising platforms and advertisers to facilitate the delivery and measurement of ads on such digital properties.  Please see the Advertising and U.S. State Data Privacy sections below for more information about how your data is used for advertising.
In addition, we share personal data among Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will retain, access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content (such as the content of your emails in Outlook.com, or files in private folders on OneDrive), when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to do any of the following:
Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Protect the safety of our customers, organizations, and the public — for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud or otherwise cause harm, or to detect, prevent, and combat harmful or illegal behavior including the creation and sharing of harmful or illegal content.
Operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Protect the rights or property of Microsoft, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services—however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of Microsoft, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement.
For more information about data we disclose in response to requests from law enforcement and other government agencies, please see our
Law Enforcement Requests Report
.
Please note that some of our products include links to or otherwise enable you to access products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from those of Microsoft. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy policies.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How to access and control your personal data
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained with tools Microsoft provides to you, which are described below, or by contacting Microsoft. For instance:
If Microsoft obtained your consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
You can request access to, erasure of, and updates to your personal data.
If you’d like to port your data elsewhere, you can use tools Microsoft provides to do so, or if none are available, you can contact Microsoft for assistance.
You can also object to or restrict the use of your personal data by Microsoft. For example, you can object at any time to our use of your personal data:
For direct marketing purposes.
Where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
You may have these rights under applicable laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law.
If your organization, such as your employer, school, or service provider, provides you with access to and is administering your use of Microsoft products, contact your organization to learn more about how to access and control your personal data.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, using various tools we provide. The tools most useful to you will depend on our interactions with you and your use of our products. Here is a general list of tools we provide to help you control your personal data; specific products may provide additional controls.
Bing.
If you are signed into Bing, you can view and clear your stored search and chat history on your
privacy dashboard
. If you are not signed into Bing, you can view and clear stored search history associated to your device in your
Bing settings
.
Microsoft account.
If you wish to access, edit, or remove the profile information and payment information in your Microsoft account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can do so by visiting the
Microsoft account website
.
If you have a
Microsoft Developer Network
(MSDN) public profile, you can access and edit your data by signing in at
MSDN forum
.
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. You can control some of the data Microsoft processes through your use of a Microsoft account on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. From here, for example, you can view and clear the browsing, search, and location data associated with your Microsoft account.
Microsoft Store.
You can access your Microsoft Store profile and account information by visiting
Microsoft Store
and selecting
View account
or
Order history.
Microsoft Teams for personal use.
You can find out how to export or delete Teams data relating to your personal Microsoft account by visiting this
page
.
OneDrive.
You can view, download, and delete your files and photos in OneDrive by signing into your
OneDrive
.
Outlook.com.
You can download your emails in
Outlook.com
by signing into your account and navigating to your
Privacy and data
settings.
Skype
. If you wish to access, edit, or remove some profile and payment information for Skype or change your password,
sign in to your account
. If you wish to export your Skype chat history and files shared on Skype, you can
request a copy
.
Volume Licensing Service Center (VLSC).
If you are a Volume Licensing customer, you can control your contact information and subscription and licensing data in one location by visiting the
Volume Licensing Service Center website
.
Xbox
. If you use the Xbox network or Xbox.com, you can view or edit your personal data, including billing and account information, privacy settings, and online safety and data sharing preferences by accessing
My Xbox
on the Xbox console or on the Xbox.com website.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
. We will respond to requests to control your personal data as required by applicable law.
Your communications preferences
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail by signing in with your personal Microsoft account, and viewing your
communication permissions
where you can update contact information, manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners. If you do not have a personal Microsoft account, you can manage your Microsoft email contact preferences by using this
web form
. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Microsoft products, programs, activities, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own unsubscribe method.
Your advertising choices
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, visit our
opt-out page
. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
You can also link your opt-out choice with your personal Microsoft account. It will then apply on any device where you use that account and will continue to apply until someone signs in with a different personal Microsoft account on that device. If you delete the cookies on your device, you will need to sign in again for the settings to apply. You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
For Microsoft-controlled advertising that appears in apps on Windows, you may use the opt-out linked to your personal Microsoft account, or opt out of interest-based advertising by turning off the advertising ID in Windows settings.
Because the data used for interest-based advertising is also used for other required purposes (including providing our products, analytics, and fraud detection), opting out of interest-based advertising does not stop that data collection. You will continue to get ads, although they may be less relevant to you.
You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from third parties we partner with by visiting their sites (see above).
Browser-based controls
When you use a browser, you can control your personal data using certain features. For example:
Cookie controls
. You can control the data stored by cookies and withdraw consent to cookies by using the browser-based cookie controls described in the
Cookies
section of this privacy statement.
Tracking protections
. You can control the data third-party sites can collect about you using Tracking Protection in Internet Explorer (versions 9 and up) and Microsoft Edge. This feature will block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed in a Tracking Protection List you add.
Browser controls for "Do Not Track."
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Microsoft services do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat DNT signals. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described above.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. We use cookies and similar technologies for storing and honoring your preferences and settings, enabling you to sign in, providing interest-based advertising, combating fraud, analyzing how our products perform, and fulfilling other legitimate purposes. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows described in the
Advertising ID
section of this privacy statement, for similar purposes.
We also use “web beacons” to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons, cookies, or similar technologies from Microsoft affiliates and partners as well as third parties, such as service providers acting on our behalf.
Third party cookies may include: Social Media cookies designed to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activities on our websites; Analytics cookies to better understand how you and others use our websites so that we can make them better, and so the third parties can improve their own products and services; Advertising cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you; and Required cookies used to perform essential website functions. Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
Please see the Learn more section below for information about our use of third party cookies, web beacons and analytics services, and other similar technologies on our websites and services. For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie
inventory. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
You have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. For example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We use cookies and similar technologies to store and honor your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, combat fraud, analyze how our products perform, and fulfill other legitimate purposes described below. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows, for similar purposes, and many of our websites and applications also contain web beacons or other similar technologies, as described below.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Microsoft uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context or product, including:
Storing your preferences and settings
. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device, and to enhance your experiences. For example, depending on your settings, if you enter your city or postal code to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft website, we store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly. If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device. Similarly, in scenarios where we obtain your consent to place cookies on your device, we store your choice in a cookie.
Sign-in and authentication
. We use cookies to authenticate you. When you sign in to a website using your personal Microsoft account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Security
. We use cookies to process information that helps us secure our products, as well as detect fraud and abuse.
Storing information you provide to a website
. We use cookies to remember information you shared. When you provide information to Microsoft, such as when you add products to a shopping cart on Microsoft websites, we store the data in a cookie for the purpose of remembering the information.
Social media
. Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are signed in to the social media service to share content via that service.
Feedback
. Microsoft uses cookies to enable you to provide feedback on a website.
Interest-based advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Showing advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen, for example, so you do not see the same one repeatedly.
Analytics
. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our products.
Performance
. Microsoft uses cookies to understand and improve how our products perform. For example, we use cookies to gather data that helps with load balancing; this helps us keep our websites remain up and running.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. Please see the “How to Control Cookies” section below for more information.
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the primary purposes for which we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site will set some or all of the following cookies:
MSCC
. Contains user choices for most Microsoft properties.
MUID, MC1, MSFPC, and MSPTC
. Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
ANON
. Contains the ANID, a unique identifier derived from your Microsoft account, which is used for advertising, personalization, and operational purposes. It is also used to preserve your choice to opt out of interest-based advertising from Microsoft if you have chosen to associate the opt-out with your Microsoft account.
CC
. Contains a country code as determined from your IP address.
PPAuth, MSPAuth, MSNRPSAuth, KievRPSAuth, WLSSC, MSPProf
. Helps to authenticate you when you sign in with your Microsoft account.
MC0
. Detects whether cookies are enabled in the browser.
MS0
. Identifies a specific session.
NAP
. Contains an encrypted version of your country, postal code, age, gender, language and occupation, if known, based on your Microsoft account profile.
MH
. Appears on co-branded sites where Microsoft is partnering with an advertiser. This cookie identifies the advertiser, so the right ad is selected.
childinfo, kcdob, kcrelid, kcru, pcfm
. Contains information that Microsoft account uses within its pages in relation to child accounts.
MR
. This cookie is used by Microsoft to reset or refresh the MUID cookie.
x-ms-gateway-slice
. Identifies a gateway for load balancing.
TOptOut
. Records your decision not to receive interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft. Where required, we place this cookie by default and remove it when you consent to interest-based advertising.
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
and
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS
.  These session cookies are used for load balancing purposes and to ensure requests for a user session are handled by the same server.
We may also use the cookies of other Microsoft affiliates, companies, and partners, such as LinkedIn and Xandr.
Third Party Cookies
In addition to the cookies Microsoft sets when you visit our websites, we also use cookies from third parties to enhance the services on our sites. Some third parties can also set cookies when you visit Microsoft sites. For example:
Companies we hire to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics, place cookies when you visit our sites.
Companies that deliver content on Microsoft sites, such as videos or news, or ads, place cookies on their own.
These companies use the data they process in accordance with their privacy policies, which may enable these companies to collect and combine information about your activities across websites, apps, or online services.
The following types of third-party cookies may be used, depending on the context, service or product, as well as your settings and permissions:
Social Media cookies.
We and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on our websites. They’re used to connect your activity on our websites to your social media profiles so the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests.
Analytics cookies.
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better and the third parties can develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by Microsoft. For example, analytics cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Advertising cookies.
We and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads by recording which ads you've already seen. They're also used to track which ads you click on or purchases you make after clicking on an ad for payment purposes, and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, they're used to detect when you click on an ad and show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
Required cookies.
We use required cookies to perform essential website functions. For example, to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, and measure audiences. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie inventory
. The third party cookie inventory also includes links to those third parties’ websites or privacy notices. Please consult the third party websites or privacy notices for more information on their privacy practices with respect to their cookies that may be set on our websites. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
How to control cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in Microsoft Edge, you can block or delete cookies by selecting
Settings
>
Privacy and services
>
Clear Browsing data
>
Cookies and other site data
. For more information about how to delete your cookies in Microsoft browsers, see
Microsoft Edge
,
Microsoft Edge Legacy
, or
Internet Explorer
. If you use a different browser, refer to that browser’s instructions.
As mentioned above, where required, we obtain your consent before placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. We separate these optional cookies by purpose, such as for advertising and social media purposes. You may consent to certain categories of optional cookies and not others. You also may adjust your choices by clicking “Manage cookies” in the footer of the website or through the settings made available on the website. Certain features of Microsoft products depend on cookies. If you choose to block cookies, you cannot sign in or use some of those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies will be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, are deleted and will need to be recreated.
Additional privacy controls that can impact cookies, including the tracking protections feature of Microsoft browsers, are described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Our use of web beacons and analytics services
Some Microsoft webpages contain electronic tags known as web beacons that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, and deliver co-branded products. We also include web beacons or similar technologies in our electronic communications to determine whether you open and act on them.
In addition to placing web beacons on our own websites, we sometimes work with other companies to place our web beacons on their websites or in their advertisements. This helps us to, for example, develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Microsoft website results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's website. It also allows us to understand your activity on the website of a Microsoft partner in connection with your use of a Microsoft product or service.
Finally, Microsoft products often contain web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers, which help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. These technologies enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across applications, websites, or other products. However, we prohibit these analytics providers from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address). You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these analytics providers by visiting any of the following sites:
Adjust
,
AppsFlyer
,
Clicktale
,
Flurry Analytics
,
Google Analytics
(requires you to install a browser add-on),
Kissmetrics
,
Mixpanel
,
Nielsen
,
Acuity Ads
,
WebTrends
, or
Optimizely
.
Other similar technologies
In addition to standard cookies and web beacons, our products can also use other similar technologies to store and read data files on your computer. This is typically done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally. But, like standard cookies, these technologies can also store a unique identifier for your computer, which can then track behavior. These technologies include Local Shared Objects (or "Flash cookies") and Silverlight Application Storage.
Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies."
Websites that use Adobe Flash technologies can use Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies" to store data on your computer. To learn how to manage or block Flash cookies, go to the
Flash Player help page
.
Silverlight Application Storage
. Websites or applications that use Microsoft Silverlight technology also have the ability to store data by using Silverlight Application Storage. To learn how to manage or block such storage, see the
Silverlight
section of this privacy statement.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
If you use a Microsoft product with an account provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as your work or school account, that organization can:
Control and administer your Microsoft product and product account, including controlling privacy-related settings of the product or product account.
Access and process your data, including the interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files associated with your Microsoft product and product accounts.
If you lose access to your work or school account (in event of change of employment, for example), you may lose access to products and the content associated with those products, including those you acquired on your own behalf, if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. If your organization provides you with access to Microsoft products, your use of the Microsoft products is subject to your organization's policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your organization’s administrator. When you use social features in Microsoft products, other users in your network may see some of your activity. To learn more about the social features and other functionality, please review documentation or help content specific to the Microsoft product. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
When you use a Microsoft product provided by your organization, Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with that product is governed by a contract between Microsoft and your organization. Microsoft processes your personal data to provide the product to your organization and you, and in some cases for Microsoft’s business operations related to providing the product as described in the
Enterprise and developer products
section. As mentioned above, if you have questions about Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with providing products to your organization, please contact your organization. If you have questions about Microsoft’s business operations in connection with providing products to your organization as provided in the Product Terms, please contact Microsoft as described in the
How to contact us
section. For more information on our business operations, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section.
For Microsoft products provided by your K-12 school, including Microsoft 365 Education, Microsoft will:
not collect or use student personal data beyond that needed for authorized educational or school purposes;
not sell or rent student personal data;
not use or share student personal data for advertising or similar commercial purposes, such as behavioral targeting of advertisements to students;
not build a personal profile of a student, other than for supporting authorized educational or school purposes or as authorized by the parent, guardian, or student of appropriate age; and
require that our vendors with whom student personal data is shared to deliver the educational service, if any, are obligated to implement these same commitments for student personal data.
Back to top
Microsoft account
With a Microsoft account, you can sign in to Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing in to your Microsoft account enables personalization and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features.
There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
If you sign into a service offered by a third party with your Microsoft account, you will share with that third party the account data required by that service.
With a Microsoft account, you can sign into Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing into your Microsoft account enables personalization, consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features. There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
Personal Microsoft accounts
. The data associated with your personal Microsoft account, and how that data is used, depends on how you use the account.
Creating your Microsoft account
. When you create a personal Microsoft account, you will be asked to provide certain personal data and we will assign a unique ID number to identify your account and associated information. While some products, such as those involving payment, require a real name, you can sign in to and use other Microsoft products without providing your real name. Some data you provide, such as your display name, email address, and phone number, can be used to help others find and connect with you within Microsoft products. For example, people who know your display name, email address, or phone number can use it to search for you on Skype or Microsoft Teams for personal use and send you an invite to connect with them. Note that if you use a work or school email address to create a personal Microsoft account, your employer or school may gain access to your data. In some cases, you will need to change the email address to a personal email address in order to continue accessing consumer-oriented products (such as the Xbox network).
Signing in to Microsoft account
. When you sign in to your Microsoft account, we create a record of your sign-in, which includes the date and time, information about the product you signed in to, your sign-in name, the unique number assigned to your account, a unique identifier assigned to your device, your IP address, and your operating system and browser version.
Signing in to Microsoft products
. Signing in to your account enables improved personalization, provides seamless and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to access and use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other enhanced features and settings. For example, when you sign in, Microsoft makes information saved to your account available across Microsoft products so important things are right where you need them. When you sign in to your account, you will stay signed in until you sign out. If you add your Microsoft account to a Windows device (version 8 or higher), Windows will automatically sign you in to products that use Microsoft account when you access those products on that device. When you are signed in, some products will display your name or username and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) as part of your use of Microsoft products, including in your communications, social interactions, and public posts.
Learn more about your Microsoft account, your data, and your choices
.
Signing in to third-party products
. If you sign in to a third-party product with your Microsoft account, you will share data with the third party in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy. The third party will also receive the version number assigned to your account (a new version number is assigned each time you change your sign-in data); and information that describes whether your account has been deactivated. If you share your profile data, the third party can display your name or user name and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) when you are signed in to that third-party product. If you chose to make payments to third-party merchants using your Microsoft account, Microsoft will pass information stored in your Microsoft account to the third party or its vendors (e.g., payment processors) as necessary to process your payment and fulfill your order (such as name, credit card number, billing and shipping addresses, and relevant contact information). The third party can use or share the data it receives when you sign in or make a purchase according to its own practices and policies.
You should carefully review the privacy statement for each product you sign in to and each merchant you purchase from to determine how it will use the data it collects
.
Work or school accounts
. The data associated with a work or school account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account.
If your employer or school uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides you, you can use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft products, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, and third-party products provided to you by your organization. If required by your organization, you will also be asked to provide a phone number or an alternative email address for additional security verification. And, if allowed by your organization, you may also use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft or third-party products that you acquire for yourself.
If you sign in to Microsoft products with a work or school account, note:
The owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files, including data stored in products provided to you by your organization, and products you acquire by yourself.
Your use of the products is subject to your organization’s policies, if any. You should consider both your organization’s policies and whether you are comfortable enabling your organization to access your data before you choose to use your work or school account to sign in to products you acquire for yourself.
If you lose access to your work or school account (if you change employers, for example), you may lose access to products, including content associated with those products, you acquired on your own behalf if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of your organization, which may differ from those of Microsoft.
If your organization is administering your use of Microsoft products, please direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data subject rights, to your administrator. See also the
Notice to end users
section of this privacy statement.
If you are uncertain whether your account is a work or school account, please contact your organization.
Third-party accounts
. The data associated with a third-party Microsoft account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account. Your service provider has control over your account, including the ability to access or delete your account.
You should carefully review the terms the third party provided you to understand what it can do with your account
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Collection of data from children
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. Learn more about personal and school accounts in the
Microsoft account section
of the Privacy Statement and
Microsoft Family Safety
in the product-specific section. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages. Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. Select Learn more below for more information about how to access and delete child data and information about children and Xbox profiles.
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
.
Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. See below for more information about how to access and delete child data.
Below is additional information about the collection of data from children, including more details as related to Xbox.
Accessing and deleting child data.
For Microsoft products and services that require parental consent, a parent can view and delete certain data belonging to their child from the parent’s
privacy dashboard
: browsing history, search history, location activity, media activity, apps and service activity, and product and service performance data. To delete this data, a parent can sign in to their
privacy dashboard
and manage their child’s activities. Please note that a parent’s ability to access and/or delete a child’s personal information on their privacy dashboard will vary depending on the laws where you are located.
Additionally, a parent can contact our
privacy support team
through the
privacy support form
and, following authentication, request that the data types on the privacy dashboard together with the following data be deleted: software, setup, and inventory; device connectivity and configuration; feedback and ratings; fitness and activity; support content; support interactions; and environmental sensor. We process authenticated deletion requests within 30 days of receipt.
Please note that content like emails, contacts, and chats are accessible through in-product experiences. You can find more information about data you are able to control within Microsoft products by visiting our
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
.
If your child’s account is not a part of your Microsoft family group and you do not have access to your child’s activity on your privacy dashboard, then you need to submit a request related to your child’s data through the
privacy support form
. The privacy team will ask for account verification before fulfilling the request.
To delete all of your child’s personal information, you must request deletion of the child’s account through the
close your account form
. This link will prompt you to sign in with your child’s account credentials. Check that the page shows the correct Microsoft account, and then follow the instructions to request that your child’s account be deleted.
Learn more about how to close a Microsoft account
.
After you submit the request to close your child’s account, we will wait 60 days before permanently deleting the account in case you change your mind or need to access something on the account before it is permanently closed and deleted. During the waiting period, the account is marked for closure and permanent deletion, but it still exists. If you want to reopen your child’s Microsoft account, just sign in again within that 60-day period. We will cancel the account closure, and the account will be reinstated.
What is Xbox?
Xbox is the gaming and entertainment division of Microsoft. Xbox hosts an online network that consists of software and enables online experiences crossing multiple platforms. This network lets your child find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When users sign in to Xbox, in apps, games or on an Xbox console, we assign a unique identifier to their device. For instance, when their Xbox console is connected to the internet and they sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system they are using.
Xbox continues to provide new experiences in client apps that are connected to and backed by services such as Xbox network and cloud gaming. When signed in to an Xbox experience, we collect required data to help keep these experiences safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Data we collect when you create an Xbox profile
. You as the parent or guardian are required to consent to the collection of personal data from a child under 13 years old or as otherwise specified by your jurisdiction. With your permission, your child can have an Xbox profile and use the online Xbox network. During the child Xbox profile creation, you will sign in with your own Microsoft account to verify that you are an adult organizer in your Microsoft family group. We collect an alternate email address or phone number to boost account security. If your child needs help accessing their account, they will be able to use one of these alternates to validate they own the Microsoft account.
We collect limited information about children, including name, birthdate, email address, and region. When you sign your child up for an Xbox profile, they get a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you create your child’s Xbox profile you consent to Microsoft collecting, using, and sharing information based on their privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network. Your child’s privacy and communication settings are defaulted to the most restrictive.
Data we collect
. We collect information about your child’s use of Xbox services, games, apps, and devices including:
When they sign in and sign out of Xbox, purchase history, and content they obtain.
Which games they play and apps they use, their game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content they add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video they capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections they make (friends they add and people who follow them) on the Xbox network.
If your child uses an Xbox console or Xbox app on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time they sign in to Xbox, even if they have been playing offline.
Xbox diagnostic data
. If your child uses Xbox console, Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. Required data is the minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your child’s in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat if your child’s privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network allow it.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it. This data may also be used to provide a safe gaming environment and enforce the
Community Standards for Xbox
.
Data use
. Microsoft uses the data we collect when your child uses Xbox to improve gaming products and experiences— making it safer and more fun over time. Data we collect also enables us to provide your child with curated experiences. This includes connecting them to games, content, services, and recommendations.
Xbox data viewable by others
. When your child is using the Xbox network, their online presence (which can be set to “appear offline” or “blocked”), gamertag, game play statistics, and achievements are visible to other players on the network. Depending on how you set your child’s Xbox safety settings, they might share information when playing or communicating with others on the Xbox network.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips your child uploads, conversations they have, and things they post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how they use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Xbox data shared with game and apps publishers
. When your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about their usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your child’s Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your child’s in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game or types of vehicles used in-game), your child’s presence on the Xbox network, the time they spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs they belong to, official club memberships, and any content they create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use your child’s data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from the game or app detail pages in our stores.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where they have been installed. Some publisher access to your child’s data may be revoked at
microsoft.com/consent
.
Managing child settings
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, you can manage a child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page, as well as their Xbox profile privacy settings from their
Xbox Privacy & online safety page
.
You can also use the
Xbox Family Settings
app to manage your child’s experience on the Xbox Network including: spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, viewing your child’s Xbox activity, and setting age ratings and the amount of screen time. Xbox-specific Family Safety settings will apply on Xbox console or via Xbox on PC or mobile device but may not be applied on other platforms.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data. This data helps keep your child’s console functioning as expected.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control game play. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console, is not shared with anyone, and can be deleted at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between the joints on your child’s body to create a stick figure representation to enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Other important privacy information
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Security of personal data
Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential data (such as a credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption. Microsoft complies with applicable data protection laws, including applicable security breach notification laws.
Back to top
Where we store and process personal data
Personal data collected by Microsoft may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States, and in any other jurisdiction where Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities. Microsoft maintains major data centers in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Luxembourg, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Typically, the primary storage location is in the customer’s region or in the United States, often with a backup to a data center in another region. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate and provide our services efficiently, improve performance, and create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps to process the data that we collect under this privacy statement according to this statement’s provisions and the requirements of applicable law.
We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts such as the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where Microsoft processes personal data, see this article on
the European Commission website
.
Microsoft Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In the context of an onward transfer, Microsoft Corporation has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. Microsoft Corporation remains liable under the DPF if our agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF, unless Microsoft Corporation can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
. The controlled U.S. subsidiaries of Microsoft Corporation, as identified in our self-certification submission, also adhere to the DPF Principles—for more info, see the list of
Microsoft U.S. Entities Covered by Data Privacy Framework Certification
.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Microsoft in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via our
web form
. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Microsoft cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to cooperate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. Please contact us if you’d like us to direct you to your data protection authority contacts. As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Microsoft is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Individuals whose personal data is protected by Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information should refer to the article on the
Japanese Personal Information Protection Commission’s website
(only published in Japanese) for more information on the commission’s review of certain countries’ personal data protection systems. For individuals in Japan, please click
here
for additional information on the processing of information under the Telecommunications Business Act (in Japanese only).
Back to top
Our retention of personal data
Microsoft retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of products, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Other criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
Do customers provide, create, or maintain the data with the expectation we will retain it until they affirmatively remove it?
Examples include a document you store in OneDrive, or an email message you keep in your Outlook.com inbox. In such cases, we would aim to maintain the data until you actively delete it, such as by moving an email from your Outlook.com inbox to the Deleted Items folder, and then emptying that folder (when your Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion). (Note that there may be other reasons why the data has to be deleted sooner, for example if you exceed limits on how much data can be stored in your account.)
Is there an automated control, such as in the Microsoft privacy dashboard, that enables the customer to access and delete the personal data at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal data of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be adopted.
Has Microsoft adopted and announced a specific retention period for a certain data type?
For example, for Bing search queries, we de-identify stored queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Has the user provided consent for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain data in accordance with your consent.
Is Microsoft subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain or delete the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data retained for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, if we are required by law to remove unlawful content, we will do so.
Back to top
U.S. State Data Privacy
If you are a U.S. resident, we process your personal data in accordance with applicable U.S. state data privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). This section of our privacy statement contains information required by the CCPA and other U.S. state data privacy laws and supplements our privacy statement.
Please note that rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized. We will update our processes, disclosures, and this notice as these implementing rules are finalized, and as otherwise necessary.
Please also see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
and our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the data we collect, process, share and disclose, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Sale
. We do not sell your personal data. So, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data.
Profiling
.  We do not engage in “profiling” that utilizes your personal data for automated decision-making that produces legal or similarly significant effects.  So, we do not offer an opt-out for this type of profiling.
Share
. We may “share” your personal data, as defined under California and other applicable U.S. state laws, for personalized advertising purposes. As noted in our
Advertising
section, we do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of data we share for personalized advertising purposes, the recipients of the personal data, and our purposes of processing. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Demographic data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Subscription and licensing data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Interactions
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Please see the
Advertising
section for more information about our advertising practices, and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information on “sharing” for personalized advertising purposes under applicable U.S. state laws.
Rights.
You have the right to (i) know what personal data we collect, use, disclose, “share”, and sell, (ii) delete your personal data, (iii) correct your personal data, (iv) restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive data, (v) receive a copy of your personal data, and (vi) opt-out of “sharing” your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising purposes on third party sites. You may make these requests yourself or through an authorized agent. If you use an authorized agent, we provide your agent with
detailed guidance
on how to exercise your privacy rights. Please see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for additional information on how to exercise these rights.
Universal Opt-Outs.
Microsoft receives and responds to the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser opt-out signal. Microsoft will turn off sharing your data with third parties for personalized ads if we receive a GPC signal from you when you visit our sites.
You may have additional rights related to your consumer health data as defined by applicable state consumer health privacy laws. Please see our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for information on the rights available under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act (MHMDA) and other applicable U.S. consumer health privacy laws.
If you have a Microsoft account, you can exercise your rights through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
, which requires you to log in to your Microsoft account. If you have an additional request or questions after using the dashboard, you may contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section, use our
web form
, or call our US toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038. If you do not have an account, you may exercise your rights by contacting us as described above. To further protect your personal data, we may ask for additional information, such as your country of residence, email address, and phone number to validate your identity and request before honoring the request.
You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising on third party sites by visiting our
sharing opt-out page
. You can also control the personalized advertising you see on Microsoft properties by visiting our
opt-out page
.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than those listed below, without your consent, or as permitted or required under applicable laws. So, we do not offer an ability to limit the use of sensitive data.
If you have made a request to Microsoft to know, delete, correct, or receive your personal information and believe your request was denied by Microsoft, you can exercise your right to appeal the results of your request by contacting our privacy support team via our web form. If your appeal is unsuccessful and depending upon the state where you live, you may have the right to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with your state attorney general.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Personal information processing
. In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of personal data we collect, the sources of the personal data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third-party recipients with whom we provide the personal data. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section. Please see the
Our retention of personal data
section for information on personal data retention criteria.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and partners with whom we offer co-branded services
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; respond to customer questions; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Credentials
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; authentication and account access; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Demographic data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and purchases from data brokers
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product development; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Payment data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and financial institutions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Transact commerce; process transactions; fulfill orders; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and detect and prevent fraud
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Subscription and licensing data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users; third-party storefronts and platforms on which our products are purchased
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide, personalize, and activate our products; customer support; help, secure, and troubleshoot; marketing; and accounting
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Interactions
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users including data Microsoft generates through those interactions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Content
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Video or recordings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and publicly available sources
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Feedback and ratings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; customer support; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for each category of personal data, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Personal data we collect
section, such as developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products. Similarly, we process all categories of personal data for the purposes described in the
How we use personal data
section, such as meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
Subject to your
privacy settings
, your consent, and depending on the products you use and your choices, we may collect, process, or disclose certain personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws. Sensitive data is a subset of personal data. In the list below, we outline the categories of sensitive data we collect, the sources of the sensitive data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third party recipients with whom we share the sensitive data. Please see the
Personal data we collect
section for more information about the sensitive data we may collect.
Categories of Sensitive Data
Account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number, and the means to access the account (security or access code, password, credentials, etc.)
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the product and fulfill requested financial transactions
Recipients: Service providers and payment processing providers
Precise geo-location information
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the service requested; product improvement; some attributes may be disclosed to third parties to provide the service
Recipients: Users and service providers (please see the
Windows Location Services and Recording
section of our privacy statement for more information)
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences
Recipients: Service providers
Medical or mental health, sex life, or sexual orientation
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences and accessibility
Recipients: Service providers
Contents of your mail, email, or text messages (where Microsoft is not the intended recipient of the communication)
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; improve the product experience; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers
Personal data collected from a known child under 13 years of age
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; recommendations; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities (in accordance with your Microsoft Family Safety
settings
)
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for personal data collected from children under 13, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Collection of Data from Children
section.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than the following:
Perform the services or provide the goods you reasonably expect
Help ensure the security and integrity of our services, systems, and data, to combat malicious deceptive, fraudulent or illegal acts, and to protect the physical safety of individuals, to the extent the processing is reasonably necessary and proportionate
For short-term transient use (including non-personalized advertising), so long as the personal data is not disclosed to a third party, is not used for profiling, and is not used to alter an individual’s experience outside the current interaction with Microsoft
Perform services on behalf of Microsoft, such as maintaining accounts, providing customer service, processing, or fulfilling orders/transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics, providing storage, and similar services
Undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of, or improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device owned or controlled by Microsoft
Collect or process sensitive data where the collection or processing is not for inferring characteristics about the individual
Any other activities in accordance with any future regulations that are issued pursuant to U.S. state data privacy laws
De-Identified Data
. In some situations, Microsoft may process de-identified data. Data is in this state when we are not able to link data to an individual to whom such data may relate without taking additional steps. In those instances, and unless allowed under applicable law, we will maintain such information in a de-identified state, and will not try to re-identify the individual to whom the de-identified data relates.
Disclosures of personal data for business or commercial purposes
. As indicated in the
Reasons we share personal data
section, we share personal data with third parties for various business and commercial purposes. The primary business and commercial purposes for which we share personal data are the purposes of processing listed in the table above. However, we share all categories of personal data for the business and commercial purposes in the
Reasons we share personal data
section.
Parties that control collection of personal data
. In certain situations, we may allow a third party to control the collection of your personal data. For example, third party applications or extensions that run on Windows or Edge browser may collect personal data based on their own practices.
Microsoft allows advertising companies to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver personalized ads on Microsoft’s behalf.  You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
Back to top
Advertising
Advertising allows us to provide, support, and improve some of our products. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use other data, detailed below, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. For example:
Microsoft may use data we collect to select and deliver some of the ads you see on Microsoft web properties, such as
Microsoft.com
, Microsoft Start, and Bing. We may also use such data to select and deliver ads on third party digital properties.
When the advertising ID is enabled in Windows as part of your privacy settings, third parties can access and use the advertising ID (much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie) to select and deliver ads in such apps.
We may share data we collect with internal and external partners, such as Xandr, Yahoo, or Facebook (see below), so that the ads you see in our products and their products are more relevant and valuable to you.
Advertisers may choose to place our web beacons on their sites, or use similar technologies, in order to allow Microsoft to collect information on their sites such as activities, purchases, and visits; we use this data on behalf of our advertising customers to provide ads.
The ads that you see may be selected based on data we process about you, such as your interests and favorites, your location, your transactions, how you use our products, your search queries, or the content you view. For example, if you view content on Microsoft Start about automobiles, we may show advertisements about cars; if you search “pizza places in Seattle” on Bing, you may see advertisements in your search results for restaurants in Seattle.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learned about you over time using demographic data, location data, search queries, interests and favorites, usage data from our products and sites, and the information we collect about you from the sites and apps of our advertisers and partners. We refer to these ads as "personalized advertising" in this statement. For example, if you view gaming content on
xbox.com
, you may see ads for games on Microsoft Start. To provide personalized advertising, we combine cookies placed on your device using information that we collect (such as IP address) when your browser interacts with our websites. If you opt out of receiving personalized advertising, data associated with these cookies will not be used.
We may use information about you to serve you with personalized advertising when you use Microsoft services. If you are logged in with your Microsoft account and have consented to allow Microsoft Edge to use your online activity for personalized advertising, you will see ads for products and services based on your online activity while using Microsoft Edge. To configure your privacy settings for Edge, go to Microsoft Edge > Settings > Privacy and Services. To configure your privacy and ad settings for your Microsoft account with respect to your online activity across browsers, including Microsoft Edge, or when visiting third-party websites or apps, go to your dashboard at
privacy.microsoft.com
.
Further details regarding our advertising-related uses of data include:
Advertising industry best practices and commitments
. Microsoft is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. We also adhere to the following self-regulatory programs:
In the US:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
In Europe:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
In Canada:
Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
/
Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
Health-related ad targeting
. In the United States, we provide personalized advertising based on a limited number of standard, non-sensitive health-related interest categories, including allergies, arthritis, cholesterol, cold and flu, diabetes, gastrointestinal health, headache / migraine, healthy eating, healthy heart, men’s health, oral health, osteoporosis, skin health, sleep, and vision / eye care. We will also personalize ads based on custom, non-sensitive health-related interest categories as requested by advertisers.
Children and advertising
. We do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
Data retention
. For personalized advertising, we retain data for no more than 13 months, unless we obtain your consent to retain the data longer.
Sensitive Data
. Microsoft Advertising does not collect, process, or disclose personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws for the purposes of providing personalized advertising.
Data sharing
. In some cases, we share with advertisers reports about the data we have collected on their sites or ads.
Data collected by other advertising companies
. Advertisers sometimes include their own web beacons (or those of their other advertising partners) within their advertisements that we display, enabling them to set and read their own cookie. Additionally, Microsoft partners with
Xandr
, a Microsoft company, and third-party ad companies to help provide some of our advertising services, and we also allow other third-party ad companies to display advertisements on our sites. These third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services. These companies currently include, but are not limited to:
Facebook
,
Media.ne
t
,
Outb
rain
,
Taboola
and
Yah
oo
. Select any of the preceding links to find more information on each company's practices, including the choices it offers. Many of these companies are also members of the
NAI
or
DAA
, which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, visit our
opt-out
page. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
Back to top
Speech recognition technologies
Speech recognition technologies are integrated into many Microsoft products and services. Microsoft provides both device-based speech recognition features and cloud-based (online) speech recognition features. Microsoft’s speech recognition technology transcribes voice data into text. With your permission, Microsoft employees and vendors working on behalf of Microsoft, will be able to review snippets of your voice data or voice clips in order to build and improve our speech recognition technologies. These improvements allow us to build better voice-enabled capabilities that benefit users across all our consumer and enterprise products and services. Prior to employee or vendor review of voice data, we protect users’ privacy by taking steps to de-identify the data, requiring non-disclosure agreements with relevant vendors and their employees, and requiring that employees and vendors meet high privacy standards.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Back to top
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Microsoft offers preview, insider, beta or other free-of-charge products and features ("previews") to enable you to evaluate them while providing Microsoft with data about your use of the product, including feedback and device and usage data. As a result, previews can automatically collect additional data, provide fewer controls, and otherwise employ different privacy and security measures than those typically present in our products. If you participate in previews, we may contact you about your feedback or your interest in continuing to use the product after general release.
Back to top
Changes to this privacy statement
We update this privacy statement when necessary to provide greater transparency or in response to:
Feedback from customer, regulators, industry, or other stakeholders.
Changes in our products.
Changes in our data processing activities or policies.
When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement and describe the changes on the
Change history
page. If there are material changes to the statement, such as a change to the purposes of processing of personal data that is not consistent with the purpose for which it was originally collected, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to learn how Microsoft is protecting your information.
Back to top
How to contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or the Data Protection Officer for your region, please contact us by using our
web form
. We will respond to questions or concerns as required by law and within a period no longer than 30 days. You can also raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or other official with jurisdiction.
When Microsoft is a controller, unless otherwise stated, Microsoft Corporation and, for those in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited are the data controllers for personal data we collect through the products subject to this statement. Our addresses are:
Microsoft Privacy, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA. Telephone: +1 (425) 882 8080.
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Attn: Data Protection Officer, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Telephone: +353 1 706 3117.
To find the Microsoft subsidiary in your country or region, see the list of
Microsoft office locations around the world
.
The representative of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited within the meaning of Art. 14 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection is Microsoft Schweiz GmbH, The Circle 02, 8058 Zürich-Flughafen, Switzerland.
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy law, you may contact Microsoft at the U.S. address listed above, use our
web form
, or call our U.S. toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038.
If you are a resident of Canada and its provinces you may contact the Microsoft Data Protection Officer for Canada at Microsoft Canada Head Office, 4400-81 Bay St, Toronto, ON, M5J 0E7, at +1 (416) 349 2506, or by using our
web form
.
Where French law applies, you can also send us specific instructions regarding the use of your personal data after your death, by using our
web form
.
If you have a technical or support question, please visit
Microsoft Support
to learn more about Microsoft Support offerings. If you have a personal Microsoft account password question, please visit
Microsoft account support
.
We offer various means for you to control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and to exercise your data protection rights. You can do so by contacting Microsoft at our
web form
or the information above, or by using the various tools we provide. Please see the
How to access and control your personal data
section for additional details.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Microsoft leverages the power of artificial intelligence (AI) in many of our products and services, including by incorporating generative AI features such as Microsoft Copilot capabilities. Microsoft’s deployment and use of AI is subject to Microsoft’s
AI Principles
and Microsoft’s
Responsible AI Standard
, and Microsoft’s collection and use of personal data in developing and deploying AI features is consistent with commitments outlined in this privacy statement. Product-specific details provide additional relevant information. You can find out more about how Microsoft uses AI
here
.
Microsoft Copilot capabilities.
Microsoft Copilot
is Microsoft’s everyday AI companion, and is designed to help you achieve more through a single experience that runs across devices, understanding relevant context on the web, on your PC, and across apps to bring you the right skills at the right time. With the help of Copilot, users can start a draft of a new Word document; or generate a PowerPoint presentation when accessing Copilot in M365 apps, quickly find the answers to complex search queries online, find relevant documents or other personal content, or be inspired to create new songs, stories, images, or other content, among other tasks. Copilot is a family of services, and Microsoft’s collection and use of data may differ depending on the service and the intended functionality in a given scenario.
The Copilot
website
and app (available on iOS and Android) is the core of the consumer Copilot experience. Within this core experience, users can search the web, create text, images, songs, or other outputs, or engage with other features, such as plugins. On the website and in the app, users enter “prompts” that provide instructions to Copilot (e.g., “Give me recommendations for a restaurant that accommodates parties of 10 near me”). In order to provide a relevant response, Copilot will use this prompt, along with the user’s location, language, and similar settings, to formulate a helpful response. In some markets, authenticated users can choose to allow Copilot to have access to prior prompt history to better personalize the product. The consumer Copilot product uses the data collected to provide and improve the Copilot services, including to provide relevant advertising. Users who are signed-in to their account can manage their prompt history in product and on the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard, and can adjust their location, language, and other settings in the product.
Copilot also appears as an assistant within other Microsoft consumer products, such as Bing and Microsoft Edge. In those situations, data processing activities generally align with those products’ primary uses. For example, Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in the Search and Browse section of this privacy statement. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
. In Microsoft Edge, Copilot appears in the sidebar experience and can help the user complete tasks related to the webpages they visit (e.g., “summarize this page”). This data is used consistent with the Microsoft Edge section of this privacy statement.
Copilot Pro
is another consumer Copilot offering, and offers subscribers priority access to the very latest models, improved image creation abilities, and access to Copilot in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, OneNote, Excel, and Outlook. The main Copilot Pro website and app has similar data collection, use, and controls as consumer Copilot, as described above. Similar Copilot functionality is also included in Microsoft 365 Family and Microsoft 365 Personal subscriptions. When Copilot is integrated with Microsoft 365 products, Copilot data collection is consistent with how data collection and use is described in the Productivity and Communications section of this privacy statement.
There are also Copilot offerings designed for enterprise users. When enabled by an eligible enterprise, users logged in with their Entra ID who want to access consumer Copilot services are offered Copilot with Commercial Data Protection, which minimizes data collection and use consistent with the expectations of enterprise users. More information on Copilot with Commercial Data Protection is available
here
.
Microsoft 365 Copilot, available for Microsoft 365 enterprise offerings, provides enterprise-grade data protection along with access to the corporate graph, Copilot within Microsoft 365 and Teams, and additional customization features. Data collection and use in Microsoft 365 Copilot is consistent with the practices described in the Enterprise and Developer Products section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise online services
To provide the Enterprise Online Services, Microsoft uses data you provide (including Customer Data, Personal Data, Administrator Data, Payment Data, and Support Data) and data Microsoft collects or generates associated with your use of the Enterprise Online Services. We process data as described in the
Product Terms
,
Microsoft Products and Services Data Protection Addendum (Products and Services DPA),
and the
Microsoft Trust Center
.
Personal Data
. Customer is the controller of Personal Data and Microsoft is the processor of such data, except when (a) Customer acts as a processor of Personal Data, in which case Microsoft is a subprocessor or (b) as stated otherwise in the standard
Products and Services DPA
. In addition, as provided in the standard
Products and Services DPA
, Microsoft has taken on the added responsibilities of a data controller under GDPR when processing Personal Data in connection with its business operations incident to providing its services to Microsoft’s commercial customers, such as billing and account management; compensation; internal reporting and business modeling; and financial reporting. We use Personal Data in the least identifiable form that will support processing necessary for these business operations. We rely on statistical data and aggregate pseudonymized Personal Data before using it for our business operations, removing the ability to identify specific individuals.
Administrator Data
. Administrator Data is the information provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of Enterprise Online Services. We use Administrator Data to provide the Enterprise Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with our legal obligations. Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select. Administrator Data also includes contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Enterprise Online Services; we contact those individuals with communications that include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
As needed, we use Administrator Data to contact you to provide information about your account, subscriptions, billing, and updates to the Enterprise Online Services, including information about new features, security, or other technical issues. We also contact you regarding third-party inquiries we receive regarding use of the Enterprise Online Services, as described in your agreement. You cannot unsubscribe from these non-promotional communications. We may also contact you regarding information and offers about other products and services, or share your contact information with Microsoft's partners. When such a partner has specific services or solutions to meet your needs, or to optimize your use of the Enterprise Online Services, we may share limited, aggregated information about your organization’s account with the partner. Microsoft will not share your confidential information or contact information with the authorized partner unless we have sufficient rights to do so. You can manage your contact preferences or update your information in your account profile.
Payment Data
. We use payment data to complete transactions, as well as to detect and prevent fraud.
Support Data
. Customers provide or authorize Microsoft to collect data in connection with obtaining technical support for the Enterprise Online Services. We process Support Data to provide technical support and as described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Local Software and Diagnostic Data
. Some Online Services may require, or may be enhanced by, the installation of local software (e.g., agents, device management applications). The local software may collect Diagnostic Data (as defined in the
Products and Services DPA
) about the use and performance of that software. That data may be transmitted to Microsoft and used for the purposes described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Bing Search Services Data
. Bing Search Services, as defined in the Product Terms, use data such as search queries as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances collect data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences. The data we collect depends on the features you use, as well as your configuration and settings, but it is generally limited to device and usage data. Customers have choices about the data they provide. Here are examples of the data we collect:
During installation or when you upgrade an enterprise and developer software, we may collect device and usage data to learn whether you experience any difficulties.
When you use enterprise software or enterprise appliances, we may collect device and usage data to learn about your operating environment to improve security features.
When you experience a crash using enterprise software or enterprise appliances, you may choose to send Microsoft an error report to help us diagnose the problem and deliver customer support.
Microsoft uses the data we collect from enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances to provide and improve our products, to deliver customer support, to activate the product, to communicate with you, and to operate our business.
Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management platform and includes products that can be installed separately (such as SQL Server Management Studio). For detailed information about what data we collect, how we use it, and how to manage your privacy options, visit the
SQL Server privacy page
. If you work in an organization, your administrator can set certain telemetry settings in SQL Server via Group Policy.
HoloLens
. HoloLens headsets are self-contained Windows computers with Wi-Fi connectivity that enable a mixed reality experience for apps and solutions. Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows running on HoloLens up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve HoloLens and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
HoloLens also processes and collects data related to the HoloLens experience and device, which include cameras, microphones, and infrared sensors that enable motions and voice to navigate.
If you choose, cameras can be used to sign you in automatically using your iris. To do this, HoloLens takes an image of your iris and measures distances between key points to create and store a numeric value that represents only you. This data stays on the HoloLens and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
HoloLens also detects hand gestures intended for system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your HoloLens device and is not stored.
HoloLens derives tracking points based on your environment which allows it to understand surfaces in space and allows you to place digital assets on them. There are no images associated with this environmental data and it is stored locally on the HoloLens device. You can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands for navigation, controlling apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Productivity and communications products
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft 365, previous versions called Office 365, is a collection of subscription productivity services and applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote, among others. Office is the one-time purchase version of these applications available on PC or Mac and includes Access and Publisher. Both Microsoft 365 and Office are comprised of client software applications and connected online services (or web apps in the case of Microsoft 365 for the web) that span many platforms and have numerous interdependent experiences. For more details about Outlook, see the
Outlook
section of this privacy statement.
Various cloud-based Microsoft 365 services enable you to use your file content for designs and recommendations, collaborate with others within your documents, and provide you functionality from other Microsoft products, such as Bing, and third-party connected products. If you work in an organization, your administrator may turn off or disable these connected services. You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office apps. For more information, see
Account Privacy Settings
.
Office Roaming Service
. The Office Roaming Service helps keep your settings, including your privacy settings, up to date across your devices running Microsoft 365 or Office apps. When you sign in to your apps with either your Microsoft account or an account issued by your organization, the service syncs some of your customized settings to Microsoft servers. For example, the service syncs a list of most recently used documents or the last location viewed within a document. When you sign in to another device with the same account, the Office Roaming Service downloads your settings from Microsoft servers and applies them to the additional device. When you sign out of your apps, the service removes your settings from your device. Any changes you make to your customized settings are sent to Microsoft servers.
Updates from Microsoft
. Microsoft uses services such as Click-to-Run, Microsoft AutoUpdate (for Mac), or Microsoft Update (for some versions of Office) to provide you with security and other important updates.
These services can automatically detect the availability of online updates for Microsoft 365 or Office apps on your device and download and install them automatically.
Diagnostic Data
. Diagnostic data is used to (i) keep your Microsoft 365 or Office apps secure and up to date; (ii) detect, diagnose, and remediate problems; and (iii) make product improvements. This data does not include a user’s name or email address, the content of the user’s files, or information about apps unrelated to Microsoft 365 or Office. Users have a choice between two different levels of diagnostic data collection, Required and Optional.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep apps secure, up to date, and performing as expected on the device it’s installed on.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help us detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
See
Diagnostic Data
for more information.
Connected Experiences
. Microsoft 365 continues to provide more experiences in client applications that are connected to and backed by cloud-based services. A subset of these connected experiences is also available in Office. If you choose to use connected experiences, required service data will be collected to help keep these connected experiences reliable, up to date, secure, and performing as expected. See below for additional information about required service data.
Working with others on a document stored on OneDrive or translating the contents of a Word document into a different language are examples of connected experiences. There are two types of connected experiences.
Experiences that analyze your content
. Experiences that use your file content to provide you with design recommendations, editing suggestions, data insights, and similar features. For example, PowerPoint Designer or Editor in Word.
Experiences that download online content
. Experiences that allow you to search and download online content including templates, images, 3D models, videos, and reference materials to enhance your documents. For example, templates or PowerPoint QuickStarter.
You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office client apps. These privacy settings allow you to configure your connected experiences. For example, you can choose to enable connected experiences that download online content, but not connected experiences that analyze content. Turning off connected experiences will also turn off additional experiences, such as document co-authoring and online file storage. But even if you use this privacy setting to turn off connected experiences, certain functionality will remain available, such as syncing your mailbox in Outlook, as well as essential services described below. These controls are not available when using Microsoft 365 for the web, since you will already be cloud-connected. For more information about accessing these controls, see
Account Privacy Settings.
If you choose to disable certain types of connected experiences, either the ribbon or menu command for those connected experiences will be grayed out or you will get an error message when you try to use those connected experiences.
Essential services
. There are a set of services that are essential to how Microsoft 365 and Office functions and cannot be disabled. For example, the licensing service that confirms that you are properly licensed to use Microsoft 365 is essential. Required service data about these services is collected and sent to Microsoft, regardless of any other settings that you have configured. See
Essential Services
for more information.
Required service data for connected experiences
. As you use a connected experience, data is sent to and processed by Microsoft to provide you that connected experience. This data is necessary because this information enables us to deliver these cloud-based connected experiences. We refer to this data as required service data.
Required service data can include information related to the operation of the connected experience that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected. If you choose to use a connected experience that analyzes your content, for example Translate in Word, the text you typed and selected to translate is also sent and processed to provide you the connected experience. Your text and the translation are not stored by our service. Required service data can also include information needed by a connected experience to perform its task, such as configuration information about the Microsoft 365 or Office app.
See
Required service data
for more information.
Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro
. Available as a separate subscription service in select countries, the Copilot features that appear in Microsoft 365 apps as part of a Microsoft 365 Personal, Microsoft 365 Family, or Copilot Pro subscription provide AI-powered productivity capabilities through real-time conversational experiences by applying large language model (LLM) processing on the content you choose to provide in Microsoft 365 apps including Word, Excel, OneNote, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro are not available for use in Office desktop licenses. When used with available Microsoft 365 apps, Copilot will use the content in your files only when you ask it to perform a specific action on that specific content - for example, when you ask Copilot to help you rewrite a paragraph in a Word document or ask Copilot to generate a to-do list from your notes in OneNote. Similar to connected experiences, required service data is collected during your use of Copilot that includes information related to its operation that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
See
Copilot Pro: Microsoft 365 apps and your privacy
and
Frequently asked questions about Copilot in Microsoft 365 Family and Personal subscriptions
for more information.
Other Productivity Apps
. Microsoft provides several productivity apps separate from Microsoft 365 and Office, including Whiteboard (a free form digital canvas using touch, type, and pen), To Do (a cloud-based task management app), and Sticky Notes (a desktop notes app).
The apps use various cloud-based services to provide you with functionality from other Microsoft products, such as providing images from Bing in Whiteboard, recommending suggested tasks to add to My Day in To Do, and taking advantage of Sticky Notes' integration with Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. Some Microsoft 365 applications make use of your device capabilities using certain features. In PowerPoint, the presentation recording feature can access your device microphone and camera to record presentations with audio and video. Your device microphone is also accessed via the Record audio feature and when using Speaker Coach. As you speak, Speaker Coach gives you on-screen guidance about pacing, inclusive language, use of profanity, filler words, and whether you’re reading the slide text. When creating a PowerPoint presentation, you can also use the Screenshot and Screen clipping features to capture screen contents. Some Microsoft 365 applications, PowerPoint, Word, and OneNote, provide Dictate, a connected experience which lets you use speech-to-text to author content using your microphone. In Word and OneNote, the Transcribe connected experience converts speech recorded directly in the app using your microphone or using a speech audio recording to a text transcript with each speaker individually separated. OneNote can insert photos or record video using your camera. All Microsoft 365 apps along with To Do and Whiteboard have sharing functionality that accesses your contacts to allow you to share your documents with others in your contacts list. Applications will not access your device capabilities until you begin using the feature.
You can manage your microphone and camera access settings in the Windows Privacy Settings menu. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
. To learn more about how to control your privacy settings in apps, see
Windows privacy settings that apps use
.
Back to top
Microsoft Family
This section applies to the Microsoft Family Safety M365 product, which allows a family group to connect through the Microsoft Family Safety app on their Windows, Xbox, or mobile devices. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group.
Microsoft Family Safety can help parents and guardians to create a safer environment for their family group with digital content filtering, screen time limits, spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, setting age ratings for apps and games, and location sharing. To learn about how Microsoft collects and uses children’s data, see the
Collection of data from children section
of the Privacy Statement. If you are using Microsoft Family Safety in Windows, see the
Windows security and safety features section
of the Privacy Statement for additional information.
To enable Family Safety controls on a child account, the child account must be part of a family group. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who consented to the child account’s creation. For accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, the parent or guardian must add the account to their family group in order to use Family Safety controls.
When you have enabled family activity reporting for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their devices, such as search, web, app, and game activity, and provide parents with reports of that child's online activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Certain Family Safety features, such as Location Sharing, Drive Safety, Share Drives, Places, and Location Alerts will use your location information when enabled. When you have enabled Location Sharing, for instance, your device will upload location data to the cloud and share it with others in your family group. Microsoft retains only your last known location as part of the Location Sharing feature (each new location replaces the previous one). When you enable Drive Safety, your location will be used to record your drive habits such as whether you are driving within the speed limits, if you’re using your phone while driving, and if you accelerate or brake suddenly. These reports will be uploaded to the cloud, and you can choose to share your drive reports with your family group. You can turn off these location features at any time in the Family Safety settings. You can manage your device’s location data at the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard. Learn more about
Family Safety and your location data
.
Back to top
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Launcher is an Android app that offers a highly customizable app launcher experience on Android devices.
Microsoft Launcher lets you log in with your personal Microsoft account or work account, or use it without any account. However, some functions may be limited if you do not grant certain permissions.
To use Microsoft Launcher, the application must be installed on your Android device, and optional permissions are required to enable the following features:
Microsoft Copilot
. When signed in with your personal Microsoft account, you can seamlessly use Copilot features like chat, web search, voice search, and image search. Certain Copilot features require access to your device capabilities, such as your device camera, microphone, photos, and videos. Please see our Artificial Intelligence and Copilot capabilities section for more information. Learn more about Copilot terms of use
here
.
Glance Feed
. Glance helps you organize daily activities, such as Outlook calendar, To Do list, Sticky Notes, and recent documents in your M365 apps. After signing-in with your personal Microsoft account or your work account, the data will be synced across devices signed into the same account to give you personalized experiences. It also enables you to review recent activities, like recent photos and app usage, which require permissions to access device photos, files, and app usage data.
News Feed
. When you sign in with your Microsoft account, you can enjoy a personalized news feed and advertisements in Launcher’s News Feed, synchronized across all your devices. You can also receive local curated news when you grant Microsoft Launcher permission to access your location information. You can manage your ad preferences through the Microsoft privacy dashboard to tailor your experience.
Weather Notifications
. Microsoft Launcher allows you to receive the latest and most important weather changes on your home screen with MSN Weather. You can receive up-to-date local weather information when you allow Launcher to access your location or provide your zip code.
Backup and Restore
: Easily transfer between phones or try different home screen setups with Microsoft Launcher's backup and restore feature. Backups can be stored locally on your device or saved to your OneDrive account associated with your Microsoft Account for easy access.
Microsoft Launcher supports Android work profile features, enabling you to maintain a clear boundary between personal and work data on your device. This means you can securely access work resources without mixing them with your personal apps and data.
To learn more about Microsoft Launcher and its supported features, please visit
here
.
Back to top
Microsoft Teams
This section applies to the consumer offering of Teams; if you are using Teams with a school or work account, see the
Enterprise and developer products
of this privacy statement.
Teams is an all-in-one collaboration and communication hub. Teams lets you stay organised and connected across your entire life. Teams allows you to call people with voice or video calling. Teams allows you to easily find people, files, photos, conversations, tasks, and calendars in one convenient and secure place. Teams allows you to store confidential information like passwords, rewards numbers, or login information and share it with others within Teams. With your consent, you can share your location with friends and family.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects data about the usage of the features as well as information about your communications, including the time and date of the communication and users that are part of the communication. Microsoft may share this information with Enterprise customers when you interact through meetings and chats with end users who are using their school or work account. For instance, if you engage in a Teams chat with a user who is using Teams associated with their school account, Microsoft may share your information with that user's school as part of providing the Teams service.
Compatibility with Skype
. As a Teams user, you can also log into Skype using your Teams account. If you log into Skype via your Teams credentials, you can use Skype to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Teams chat history through Skype. Skype users will be able to contact you on Teams and see your Teams presence status. For more information about Skype, see the
Skype section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts
. Your Teams profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft account. To enable other people to find you on Teams (or products that interact with Teams for personal use, including Teams for enterprise and Skype), your Teams profile is included in the Teams and Skype public search directories, and may be displayed on Skype and Teams. Depending on your settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your username, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others. Your Teams profile may be visible to Enterprise customers and their end users when you engage with an end user of an organization in chats and meetings.
Teams contacts
. With your permission, Teams will sync your device, Outlook, and Skype contacts periodically and check for other Teams users that match contacts in your device, Outlook, or Skype address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. If you choose to stop syncing your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Teams. If you wish to invite any of your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device, Outlook, or Skype address books of a Teams user who chooses to sync their device, Outlook, or Skype contacts with their Teams contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Teams user and to allow Teams users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Teams user continues to be active on Teams on their device and continues to enable contact syncing with the applicable device or service, your information will be stored on our servers, and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Teams user’s contact syncing experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Teams.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Teams users
.
If you do choose to join Teams, you will appear as a suggested new Teams contact for any Teams or Skype users with your information in their device, Outlook, or Skype address books. As a Teams user, you will be able to block other Teams and Skype users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Third-party contacts.
You can also choose to sync contacts from third-party providers. If you choose to unsync your third-party contacts on Teams, all third-party contacts are deleted from Teams. If you gave your consent to use those third-party contacts on other Microsoft apps and services, these contacts will still be available to those other Microsoft apps and services.
You can remove third-party contacts from all Microsoft apps and services by removing third-party accounts from Teams. Please note that removing a third-party account from Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services that also use that third-party account.
Teams calendar.
You can also choose to sync your Teams calendar with calendars from third-party providers. You can stop syncing your Teams calendar anytime by removing a third-party account from Teams. If you have consented to use third-party data on other Microsoft apps and services, please note that removing this third-party account data in Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services.
Location sharing
. You can share your static or live location with individuals or groups within Teams. You are in control and can stop sharing at any time. Sharing location for children is permitted with parental consent and in groups where an adult from the Microsoft family group is present.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Teams uses the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Teams has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service.
If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Teams calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found on your device.
Chats and meetings with Enterprise customer end users
. Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses, as well as individual users. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products section
of this privacy statement if you are using Teams with a work or school account. If you engage in Teams meetings or chats with end users of organizations, the data you share with the end users is subject to their organization’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries related to your data shared through chats and meetings with an organization’s end users, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to the organization’s administrator. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Back to top
OneDrive
OneDrive lets you store and access your files on virtually any device. You can also share and collaborate on your files with others. Some versions of the OneDrive application enable you to access both your personal OneDrive by signing in with your personal Microsoft account and your OneDrive for Business by signing in with your work or school Microsoft account as part of your organization's use of Microsoft 365 or Office 365.
When you use OneDrive, we collect data about your usage of the service, as well as the content you store, to provide, improve, and protect the services. Examples include indexing the contents of your OneDrive documents so that you can search for them later and using location information to enable you to search for photos based on where the photo was taken. We also collect device information so we can deliver personalized experiences, such as enabling you to sync content across devices and roam customized settings.
When you store content in OneDrive, that content will inherit the sharing permissions of the folder in which you store it. For example, if you decide to store content in the public folder, the content will be public and available to anyone on the internet who can find the folder. If you store content in a private folder, the content will be private.
When you share content to a social network like Facebook from a device that you have synced with your OneDrive account, your content is either uploaded to that social network, or a link to that content is posted to that social network. Doing this makes the content accessible to anyone on that social network. To delete the content, you need to delete it from the social network (if it was uploaded there, rather than a link to it) and from OneDrive.
When you share your OneDrive content with your friends via a link, an email with the link is sent to those friends. The link contains an authorization code that allows anyone with the link to access your content. If one of your friends sends the link to other people, they will also be able to access your content, even if you did not choose to share the content with them. To revoke permissions for your content on OneDrive, sign in to your account and then select the specific content to manage the permission levels. Revoking permissions for a link effectively deactivates the link. No one will be able to use the link to access the content unless you decide to share the link again.
Files managed with OneDrive for Business are stored separately from files stored with your personal OneDrive. OneDrive for Business collects and transmits personal data for authentication, such as your email address and password, which will be transmitted to Microsoft and/or to the provider of your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 service.
Back to top
Outlook
Outlook products are designed to improve your productivity through improved communications and include Outlook.com, Outlook applications, and related services.
Outlook.com
. Outlook.com is the primary consumer email service from Microsoft and includes email accounts with addresses that end in outlook.com, live.com, hotmail.com, and msn.com. Outlook.com provides features that let you connect with your friends on social networks. You will need to create a Microsoft account to use Outlook.com.
When you delete an email or item from a mailbox in Outlook.com, the item generally goes into your Deleted Items folder where it remains for approximately 7 days unless you move it back to your inbox, you empty the folder, or the service empties the folder automatically, whichever comes first. When the Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion, unless we are legally required to retain the data for longer.
Outlook applications
. Outlook client applications are software you install on your device that permits you to manage email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other data from email, file storage, and other services, like Exchange Online or Outlook.com, or servers, like Microsoft Exchange. You can use multiple accounts from different providers, including third-party providers, with Outlook applications,
including the new Outlook for Windows app
.
To add an account, you must provide permission for Outlook to access data from the email or file storage services.
When you add an account to Outlook, your mail, calendar items, files, contacts, settings and other data from that account will automatically sync to your device. If you are using the mobile Outlook application, that data will also sync to Microsoft servers to enable additional features such as faster search, personalized filtering of less important mail, and an ability to add email attachments from linked file storage providers without leaving the Outlook application. If you are using the desktop Outlook application, you can choose whether to allow the data to sync to our servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that is synced from your account.
If you add an account provided by an organization (such as your employer or school), the owner of the organizational domain can implement policies and controls (for example, requiring multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that can affect your use of Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. For Outlook clients that support it, the user can dictate the contents of an email and send using the Dictate feature. The Dictate feature may be configured to use the device’s microphone or any other microphone that a user may connect to their device, like a microphone-enabled pair of headphones. Outlook may also use your device location information to provide you with weather information for your current location as well as provide the ability to search for nearby locations.
To learn more about the data the Outlook applications collect and process, please see the
Microsoft 365
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Skype
Skype lets you send and receive voice, video, SMS, and instant message communications. This section applies to the consumer version of Skype; if you are using Skype for Business, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects usage data about your communications that includes the time and date of the communication and the numbers or user names that are part of the communication.
Compatibility with Teams.
As a Skype user, you can also log into Teams using your Skype account. If you log into Teams via your Skype credentials, you can use Teams to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Skype missed calls and chat history through Teams. Teams users will be able to contact you on Skype and see your Skype presence status. For more information about Teams, see the
Microsoft Teams section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts.
Your Skype profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft or Skype account. To enable other people to find you on Skype (or products that interact with Skype, such as Skype for Business or Microsoft Teams), your Skype profile is included in Skype and Teams public search directories and may be visible on both Skype and Teams. Depending on your profile settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your user name, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others.
Emergency calling in the United States.
If you enable location sharing for emergency calling, your location will be periodically collected to enable Microsoft to share your location with emergency calling service providers if you dial 911. Your location information is only shared if you enable location sharing for emergency calling and you initiate a 911 call.
Skype contacts.
If you use Outlook.com to manage contacts, Skype will automatically add the people you know to your Skype contact list until you tell the application to stop. With your permission, Skype will sync your device contacts periodically and check for other Skype users that match contacts in your device or Outlook address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications. If you choose to stop syncing your device contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Skype. If you wish to invite any of your device or Outlook contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device or Outlook address book of a Skype user who chooses to sync their device or Outlook contacts with their Skype contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Skype user and to allow Skype users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Skype user continues to be active on Skype on their device and continues to enable contact syncing, your information will be stored on our servers and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Skype user’s contact synching experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Skype.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Skype users
.
If you do choose to join Skype, you will appear as a suggested new Skype contact for any Skype and Teams users with your information in their device or Outlook address books. As a Skype user, you will be able to block other Skype and Teams users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Partner companies
. To make Skype available to more people, we partner with other companies to allow Skype to be offered via those companies’ services. If you use Skype through a company other than Microsoft, that company’s privacy policy governs how it handles your data. To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, or to help our partner company or local operator comply or respond, we may access, transfer, disclose, and preserve your data. That data could include, for example, your private content, such as the content of your instant messages, stored video messages, voicemails, or file transfers.
Skype Manager
. Skype Manager lets you manage a group’s (such as your family’s) Skype usage from one central place. When you set up a group, you will be the Skype Manager Administrator and can see the patterns of usage, including detailed information, like traffic data and details of purchases, of other members of the group who have consented to such access. If you add information like your name, other people in the group will be able to see it. Members of the group can withdraw consent for Skype Manager by visiting their
Skype account page
.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Skype apps use the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Skype has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service. If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Skype calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found in the Skype application or your device.
Translation features
. When you use Skype’s translation features, Skype collects and uses your conversation to provide the translation service. With your permission, your data may be used to help improve Microsoft products and services. To help the translation and speech recognition technology learn and grow, sentences and automatic transcripts are analyzed and any corrections are entered into our system, to build better performing services. This data may include manual transcription of your voice clips. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Recording features
. Some versions of Skype have a recording feature that allows you to capture and share all or part of your audio / video call. The recording will be stored and shared as part of your conversation history with the person or group with whom the call occurred.
You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use your recordings or the recording features.
Skype bots
. Bots are programs offered by Microsoft or third parties that can do many useful things like search for news, play games, and more. Depending on their capabilities, bots may have access to your display name, Skype ID, country, region, language, and any messages, audio, video, or content that you share with the bot. Please review the bot profile and its privacy statement before engaging in a one-to-one or group conversation with a bot. You can delete a bot that you no longer wish to engage with. Prior to adding a bot to a group, please ensure that your group participants have consented to their information being shared with the bot.
Captioning
. Certain Skype features include accessibility functionality such as captioning. During Skype calls, a call participant can activate a voice-to-text feature, which allows the user to view the audio chat as text. If a user activates this feature, other call participants will not receive a notification. Microsoft uses this voice and text data to provide captioning of audio for users.
Camera Features
. When you use the camera feature in Skype, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in Skype, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the Skype to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to Skype or any third party.
Back to top
Surface
Microsoft offers its family of Surface devices and accessories to provide a great computing experience, including surfing the web, watching and streaming videos, playing games, running apps like Excel, Word, and OneNote, and more. These include devices and accessories like Surface Laptops, Surface Studios, Surface Book, Surface Pro, Surface Headphones, Surface Earbuds, Surface Dock, Surface Keyboard, and more. As part of that experience, Microsoft collects certain diagnostic data, as described below.
Diagnostic data
. Microsoft collects diagnostic data as you use your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and Surface applications. Diagnostic data can include information about crashes, performance, and usage of Surface products. The data that is sent to Microsoft is used to help keep Surface secure, up to date, and performing as expected and can help us make other improvements to Surface.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required diagnostic data
is the minimum amount of data that we need to help keep Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application secure, up-to-date, and performing as expected.
Optional diagnostic data
is additional diagnostic and usage data about your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. If you choose to send optional diagnostic data to Microsoft, required diagnostic data is also included.
Required diagnostic data is always sent to Microsoft for all Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. But you can choose whether to allow Surface to collect optional diagnostic data and send it to Microsoft. You can make that choice when you first set up your Surface device or change the setting at any time in the Surface app.
For more information, see
Diagnostic data for Surface products
and
Diagnostic data in the Surface app
. For a list of Surface required diagnostic data collected, see
Required diagnostic data for Surface products
.
Back to top
Surface Duo
The Surface Duo is a device featuring two screens that fits in your pocket for productivity on the go. Powered by the Google Android operating system, Surface Duo supports cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity and can be used for email, internet browsing, games, and business connectivity.
Microsoft provides a core Surface Duo experience that runs on the Android operating system. The core Surface Duo experience includes apps such as the Microsoft Launcher, Setup Wizard, and Your Phone Companion. You can sign in with a Google ID and enable various Google services; you can then also sign in with your Microsoft account (MSA) and enable Microsoft’s services. Microsoft apps and services may rely on information provided by Google. Some features, such as location, require that you enable this functionality for Google and separately allow Microsoft to leverage this information.
Diagnostic data
. Surface Duo collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep the core Surface Duo experience up to date, secure, and operating properly. This data also helps us improve Surface Duo and related Microsoft products and services. The data does not include your user name, email address, or the content of your files. There are two levels of diagnostic data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep the core Surface Duo experience secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help Microsoft detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
Learn more in Surface Duo Privacy Settings
.
Surface Duo location settings
. Surface Duo relies on Google location services to determine the device’s precise geographic location to display the local weather. The location of your Surface Duo can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. If you want Microsoft apps to be able to reference or display weather or other location related information, you need to enable Google location services and Microsoft location access. Some apps may require these settings be enabled independently for the app and can be set or changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings. The
Google Privacy Policy
provides details about Google’s location service and related data privacy practices. See
Surface Duo Location Settings
for more information.
Microsoft apps included with the Surface Duo
. The diagnostic data options for the core Surface Duo experience are configured when you initially set up your Surface Duo and can be changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings under the Diagnostic Data section.
The other Microsoft apps on your Surface Duo may prompt you to enable functionality to enable the full experience of the app or you may be asked to allow optional diagnostic data collection. You can change the settings for these apps in the Surface Duo Settings under the app name. More information about these apps is available in the
Productivity and communications products
and
Search and Browse
sections of this Privacy Statement.
Back to top
LinkedIn
To learn about the data LinkedIn collects and how it is used and shared, please see LinkedIn’s
Privacy Policy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Search and browse
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Bing
Bing services include search and mapping services, as well as other apps and programs described in this section. Bing services collect and process data in many forms, including text that has been inked or typed, voice data, and images. Bing services are also included within other Microsoft services, such as Microsoft 365, and certain features in Windows (which we refer to as Bing-powered experiences).
When you conduct a search, or use a feature of a Bing-powered experience that involves conducting a search or entering a command on your behalf, Microsoft will collect the searches or commands you provide (which may be in the form of text, voice data, or an image), along with your IP address, location, the unique identifiers contained in our cookies or similar technologies, the time and date of your search, and your browser configuration. For example, if you use Bing voice-enabled services, your voice input and performance data associated with the speech functionality will be sent to Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
. And, if you use Bing image-enabled services, the image you provide will be sent to Microsoft. When you use Bing-powered experiences, such as Bing Lookup to search a particular word or phrase within a webpage or document, that word or phrase is sent to Bing along with some surrounding content in order to provide contextually relevant search results.
AI-enhanced Bing search
. Bing search now includes an AI-enhanced web search functionality, using Microsoft Copilot in Bing, which supports users by providing relevant search results, reviewing and summarizing from across the web, refining research queries through the chat experience, and sparking creativity by helping users create content. Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in this section. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
.
Search suggestions
. For the search suggestions feature, the characters that you type into a Bing-powered experience (such as search and site suggestions in the Microsoft Edge browser) to conduct a search and what you click on will be sent to Microsoft. This allows us to provide you with relevant suggestions as you type your searches. To turn this feature on or off, while using Bing Search, go to
Bing Settings
. There are other methods to control this feature in other Bing-powered experiences, such as the Microsoft Edge browser. Search Suggestions cannot be turned off in the search box in Windows 10 and Windows 11. If you choose, you can always hide the search box or icon on the taskbar.
Bing experience improvement program for Bing Desktop and Bing Toolbar
. If you are using Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar and choose to participate in the Bing Experience Improvement Program, we also collect additional data about how you use these specific Bing apps, such as the addresses of the websites you visit, to help improve search ranking and relevance. To help protect your privacy, we do not use the data collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program to identify or contact you or target advertising to you. You can turn off the Bing Experience Improvement Program at any time in the Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar settings. Finally, we delete the information collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program after 18 months.
Retention and de-identification
. We de-identify stored search queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Personalization through Microsoft account
. Some Bing services provide you with an enhanced experience when you sign in with your personal Microsoft account, for example, syncing your search history across devices. You can use these personalization features to customize your interests, favorites, and settings, and to connect your account with third-party services. Visit
Bing Settings
to manage your personalization settings, or the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
to manage your data.
Managing search history
. When you’re signed-in to a personal Microsoft account, you can erase your search and chat history on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. The Search History service from Bing, located in Bing Settings, provides another method of revisiting the search terms you've entered and results you've clicked when using Bing search through your browser. You may clear your search history on a device through this service. The conversations you have with Microsoft Copilot in Bing are also remembered as “Recent activity”. The history of previous Recent activities is saved, with the names of chats based by default on the first query of the chat. Your Recent activity is displayed on the right-hand side of the chat window when you are using the service. Clearing your history prevents that history from being displayed in your Search History or chat history, but does not delete information from our search logs, which are retained and de-identified as described above or as you have instructed through the privacy dashboard. If you are signed-in to a work or school Microsoft account using Microsoft Search in Bing, you can export your Microsoft Search in Bing search history, but you cannot delete it. Your Microsoft Search in Bing service administrator can see aggregated search history across all enterprise users but cannot see specific searches by user.
Third-party services that use Bing
. You may access Bing-powered experiences when using third-party services, such as those from Yahoo!. In order to provide these services, Bing receives data from these and other partners, including your search query and related data (such as date, time, IP address, and a unique identifier). This data will be sent to Microsoft to provide the search service. Microsoft will use this data as described in this statement or as further limited by our contractual obligations with our partners. You should refer to the privacy policies of the third-party services for any questions about how they collect and use data.
Data passed to destination website
. When you select a search result or advertisement from a Bing search results page and go to the destination website, the destination website will receive the standard data your browser sends to every web site you visit—such as your IP address, browser type and language, and the host name of the site you came from (in this case,
https://www.bing.com/
).
Sharing data from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with third parties
. We share some de-identified data (data where the identity of a specific person is not known) from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with selected third parties. Before we do so, we run the data through a process designed to remove certain sensitive data that users may have included in the search terms themselves (such as social security numbers or credit card numbers). Additionally, we require these third parties to keep the data secure and to not use the data for purposes other than for which it is provided.
Back to top
Microsoft Edge
Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' or online services’ web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Certain features in Microsoft Edge, such as when you open a new tab in the browser, connect you to Microsoft Start Content and your experiences with such content is covered by the Microsoft Start section of this privacy statement. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Microsoft Edge for Windows, Linux, and macOS
. Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows 10 and later and is also available on other supported versions of Windows and macOS.
Data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Clear Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Settings and More
. Allows you to manage your favorites, downloads, history, extensions, and collections.
Collections
. Allows you to collect text, images, videos, and other content in a note page in your browser. When you drag content into your collection, it is cached on your device and can be deleted through your collection.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Microsoft collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. When signed into Microsoft Edge using your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will sync your browser data saved on your device across other signed-in devices. You may choose which browser data to sync, including your favorites, browsing history, extensions and associated data, settings, open tabs, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), passwords, payment information, and other data types as they become available. If you choose to sync extensions that you acquired from third-party web stores, a copy of those extensions will be downloaded directly from those web stores on your synced device(s). If you have turned on Password Monitor, your saved credentials are hashed, encrypted and sent to Microsoft’s Password Monitor service to warn you if your credentials were detected as part of a malicious attack or a breach. Microsoft does not retain this data after the check is complete. You can disable or configure syncing in the Microsoft Edge settings.
When you sign into Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will store your account’s privacy preferences. Microsoft Edge will use the stored preferences to migrate your account’s privacy choices across your signed-in devices, including during Windows device set up or when you sign into Microsoft Edge with your account on a new device.
Microsoft Edge’s
Search and site suggestions
uses your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search recommendations. Microsoft Edge sends the information you type into the browser address bar to the default search provider configured in the address bar to offer search recommendations as you type each character. You can turn off these features at any time in the browser settings. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge sends your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects and uses data from your search activity across the web, including websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services, such as Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing and Microsoft News. This data may include the search query, the search results that are displayed to you, demographic information that is part of the search results, and the interaction you have with those search results, such as the links you click. Microsoft Edge takes steps to de-identify the data it collects by removing data that identifies the person or device from which it was collected and retains this data for one year from when it is collected. Microsoft does not use this collected data to personalize or provide ads to you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Microsoft Edge downloads content from Microsoft services to enhance your browsing experiences; for example, when data is downloaded to prerender site content for faster browsing or to provide content required to power features you choose to use, such as providing templates for Collections.
You may also choose to share your Microsoft Edge browsing activity to allow us to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping, and news. Microsoft Edge browsing activity includes your history, favorites, usage data, web content, and other browsing data. For more information about our
advertising privacy policies
see the Advertising section of the privacy statement. In the Microsoft privacy dashboard you can control the use of your browsing activity for personalized ads in the
See ads that interest you
setting. If you disable this setting in the Microsoft privacy dashboard you will continue to receive personalized web experiences like search and news based on your browsing activity. You may stop sharing your Microsoft Edge browsing activity by disabling
Allow Microsoft to use your browsing activity including history, favorites, usage and other browsing data to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping and news
within Edge settings. When using Copilot features in the Microsoft Edge sidebar, you can choose to allow Microsoft Copilot in Edge to access the content of the webpage you are viewing in order to provide further insights, such as page summaries. Use of data connected with Copilot experiences is consistent with the Copilot data use described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and Windows.
Separate from your search activity data mentioned above, you can choose to send optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about your browser activity, including browsing history and search terms to Microsoft to help us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. For Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 and later, this information is provided when you have enabled optional diagnostic data. For details, see the Windows Diagnostics section of the privacy statement. For Microsoft Edge on other operating systems, optional diagnostic information is provided when you enable
Improve Microsoft products by sending data about how you use the browser
or
Make searches and Microsoft products better by sending info about websites you visit in Microsoft Edge
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual browser installation on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Learn more about Microsoft Edge, browsing data, and privacy
.
Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android
. Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android devices collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. Microsoft also collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge.
Additionally, you may share optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about websites you visit (browsing history) for personalized experiences on your browser, Windows, and other Microsoft products and services. This information also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. This optional diagnostic data is sent to us when you enable
Share usage data for personalization
or
Share info about websites you visit
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual user on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Microsoft Edge uses data from your search activity across the web, including search activity on websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services like Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing, and Microsoft News. The data Microsoft Edge collects may include personal data; however, Microsoft Edge takes steps to scrub and de-identify the data. Microsoft Edge does not use this data to personalize or provide ads for you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Learn more about Search results data for product improvement
.
For information about the privacy practices of legacy versions Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below), see the Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer section of the privacy statement.
Back to top
Microsoft Translator
Microsoft Translator is a machine translation system and service designed to automatically translate text and voice input between numerous supported languages. Microsoft Translator is made available as a stand-alone consumer app for Android, iOS, and Windows and its service capabilities are also integrated in a variety of Microsoft products and services, such as Translator Hub, Translator for Bing, and Translator for Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Translator processes the text, image, and voice data you submit, as well as device and usage data. We use this data to provide Microsoft Translator, personalize your experiences, and improve our products and services. Microsoft has implemented business and technical measures designed to help de-identify the data you submit to Microsoft Translator. For example, when we randomly sample text and audio to improve Microsoft Translator and Microsoft’s speech recognition technologies, we delete identifiers and certain text, such as email addresses and some number sequences, detected in the sample that could contain personal data. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Separate from Microsoft Translator, Microsoft translation services are available as features in other Microsoft products and services that have different privacy practices than Microsoft Translator. For more information on the Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services Translator Text API, Custom Translator, and Translator Speech API, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. For the Translate feature in Microsoft 365 apps and Skype, see the
Productivity and communications products
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
SwiftKey
The Microsoft SwiftKey keyboard and related cloud-based services (collectively, the “SwiftKey Services”) process data about words you use and how you type and use this data to learn your writing style and provide personalized autocorrection and predictive text that adapts to you. We also use this data to offer a range of other features, such as emoji predictions.
SwiftKey prediction technology learns from the way you use language to build a personalized language model. This model is an optimized view of the words and phrases that you use most often in context and reflects your unique writing style. The model itself contains the words you commonly type arranged in a way that enables SwiftKey’s algorithms to make predictions, based on text you have already entered. The model draws from all scenarios in which you use your keyboard, including when you type while using apps or visiting websites. The SwiftKey keyboard and model attempt to avoid collecting sensitive data, by not collecting data from certain fields such as those recognized as containing password or payment data. SwiftKey Services do not log or store, the data contained in your model, unless you choose to share your data with us (as described further below). When you use SwiftKey Services, we also collect device and usage data. When you sign into your SwiftKey account and agree to share the following data, we will use de-identified device data, usage data, and model data to analyze service performance and help improve our products.
The SwiftKey Services also include an optional cloud component called a SwiftKey Account. If you choose to create a SwiftKey Account, your language model will be synchronized with the SwiftKey Account cloud service, so you can benefit from that model on the different devices you use and access additional services such as prediction synchronization and backup. When you create a SwiftKey Account, Microsoft will also collect your email address and basic demographic data. All data collected is transferred to our servers over encrypted channels. If you are signed in to your SwiftKey account, you can control your personal data and SwiftKey account preferences at
data.swiftkey.com
.
As part of your SwiftKey account, you may also opt in to share your language and/or typing data for the purposes of improving Microsoft products and services. If you opt-in, SwiftKey may send short snippets of data about what and how you type and related correction data to our servers for processing. These text snippets are used in various automated processes to validate that our prediction services are working correctly and to make product improvements. To preserve your privacy, SwiftKey Services de-identify these text snippets, and even if you have a SwiftKey Account, these text snippets will not be linked to it.
If you sign into your SwiftKey Account and opt-in to share your language and typing data, Microsoft will process your shared data to look for new patterns of language usage across our user base. This allows us to improve our basic models for individual languages. Language and typing data used in this process is aggregated and any words or combinations of words that might be personal to individuals or small groups of users are filtered out.
You can withdraw your consent to share your language and typing data for product improvement at any time in SwiftKey Settings. You can also withdraw your consent for SwiftKey Services to retain your personal data in SwiftKey Settings. When you withdraw consent for SwiftKey to retain your personal data, all personal data collected through your use of the SwiftKey Services will be deleted.
You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to product updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications at any time in the SwiftKey Settings.
When you use the camera feature in SwiftKey, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in SwiftKey keyboard, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the keyboard to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to SwiftKey or any third party.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Windows
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Activation
When you activate Windows, a specific product key is associated with the device on which your software is installed. The product key and data about the software and your device is sent to Microsoft to help validate your license to the software. This data may be sent again if there is a need to re-activate or validate your license. On phones running Windows, device and network identifiers, as well as device location at the time of the first power-up of the device, are also sent to Microsoft for the purpose of warranty registration, stock replenishment, and fraud prevention.
Back to top
Activity history
Activity history helps keep track of the things you do on your device, such as the apps and services you use, the files you open, and the websites you browse. Your activity history is created when using different apps and features such as Microsoft Edge Legacy, some Microsoft Store apps, and Microsoft 365 apps and is stored locally on your device.
You can turn settings off or on for storing activity history locally on your device, and you can also clear your device’s activity history at any time by going to
Privacy > Activity history
in the Windows settings app.
Learn more about activity history in Windows
.
Back to top
Advertising ID
Windows generates a unique advertising ID for each person using a device, which app developers and advertising networks can then use for their own purposes, including providing relevant advertising in apps. When the advertising ID is enabled, both Microsoft apps and third-party apps can access and use the advertising ID in much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Thus, your advertising ID can be used by app developers and advertising networks to provide more relevant advertising and other personalized experiences across their apps and on the web. Microsoft collects the advertising ID for the uses described here only when you choose to enable the advertising ID as part of your privacy setting.
The advertising ID setting applies to Windows apps using the Windows advertising identifier. You can turn off access to this identifier at any time by turning off the advertising ID in the Windows settings app. If you choose to turn it on again, the advertising ID will be reset and a new identifier will be generated. When a third-party app accesses the advertising ID, its use of the advertising ID will be subject to its own privacy policy.
Learn more about advertising ID in Windows
.
The advertising ID setting does not apply to other methods of interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft or third parties, such as cookies used to provide interest-based display ads on websites. Third-party products accessed through or installed on Windows may also deliver other forms of interest-based advertising subject to their own privacy policies. Microsoft delivers other forms of interest-based ads in certain Microsoft products, both directly and by partnering with third-party ad providers. For more information on how Microsoft uses data for advertising, see the
How we use personal data
section of this statement.
Back to top
Diagnostics
Microsoft collects Windows diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. It also helps us improve Windows and related Microsoft products and services. While the device is running, diagnostic data is collected and periodically transmitted to Microsoft and stored along with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device's service issues and use patterns.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data. Certain product documentation and other materials refer to Required diagnostic data as Basic diagnostic data and to Optional diagnostic data as Full diagnostic data.
If an organization (such as your employer or school) uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides to you and enrolls your device in the Windows diagnostic data processor configuration, Microsoft’s processing of diagnostic data in connection with Windows is governed by a contract between Microsoft and the organization. If an organization uses Microsoft management tools or engages Microsoft to manage your device, Microsoft and the organization will use and process diagnostic and error data from your device to allow the management, monitoring, and troubleshooting of your devices managed by the organization, and for other purposes of the organization.
Required diagnostic data
includes information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. We collect the following Required diagnostic data:
Device, connectivity, and configuration data:
Data about the device such as the processor type, OEM manufacturer, type of battery and capacity, number and type of cameras, firmware, and memory attributes.
Network capabilities and connection data such as the device’s IP address, mobile network (including IMEI and mobile operator), and whether the device is connected to a free or paid network.
Data about the operating system and its configuration such as the OS version and build number, region and language settings, diagnostics data settings, and whether the device is part of the Windows Insider program.
Data about connected peripherals such as model, manufacturer, drivers, and compatibility data.
Data about the applications installed on the device such as application name, version, and publisher.
Whether a device is ready for an update and whether there are factors that may impede the ability to receive updates, such as low battery, limited disk space, or connectivity through a paid network.
Whether updates complete successfully or fail.
Data about the reliability of the diagnostics collection system itself.
Basic error reporting, which is health data about the operating system and applications running on your device. For example, basic error reporting tells us if an application, such as Microsoft Paint or a third-party game, hangs or crashes.
Optional diagnostic data
includes more detailed information about your device and its settings, capabilities, and device health. Optional diagnostic data may also include data about the websites you browse, device activity (also sometimes referred to as usage), and enhanced error reporting that helps Microsoft to fix and improve products and services for all users. When you choose to send Optional diagnostic data, Required diagnostic data will always be included, and we collect the following additional information:
Additional data about the device, connectivity, and configuration, beyond that collected under Required diagnostic data.
Status and logging information about the health of operating system and other system components beyond that collected about the update and diagnostics systems under Required diagnostic data.
App activity, such as which programs are launched on a device, how long they run, and how quickly they respond to input.
Browser activity, including browsing history and search terms, in Microsoft browsers (Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer).
Enhanced error reporting, including the memory state of the device when a system or app crash occurs (which may unintentionally contain user content, such as parts of a file you were using when the problem occurred).
Some of the data described above may not be collected from your device even if you choose to send Optional diagnostic data. Microsoft minimizes the volume of Optional diagnostic data it collects from all devices by collecting some of the data from only a subset of devices (sample). By running the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool, you can see an icon which indicates whether your device is part of a sample and also which specific data is collected from your device. Instructions for how to download the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool can be found in the Windows settings app under Diagnostics & feedback.
Specific data items collected in Windows diagnostics are subject to change to give Microsoft flexibility to collect the data needed for the purposes described. For example, to enable Microsoft to troubleshoot the latest performance issue impacting users’ computing experience or update a Windows device that is new to the market, Microsoft may need to collect data items that were not collected previously. For a current list of data types collected at
Required diagnostic data
and
Optional diagnostic data
, see
Windows Required (Basic level) diagnostic events and fields
or
Windows Optional (Full level) diagnostic data
. We provide limited portions of error report information to partners (such as the device manufacturer) to help them troubleshoot products and services which work with Windows and other Microsoft product and services. They are only permitted to use this information to repair or improve those products and services. We may also share some aggregated, de-identified diagnostic data, such as general usage trends for Windows apps and features, with selected third parties.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Inking and typing Recognition
. You also can choose to help Microsoft improve inking and typing recognition by sending inking and typing diagnostic data. If you choose to do so, Microsoft will collect samples of the content you type or write to improve features such as handwriting recognition, autocompletion, next word prediction, and spelling correction in the many languages used by Microsoft customers. When Microsoft collects inking and typing diagnostic data, it is divided into small samples and processed to remove unique identifiers, sequencing information, and other data (such as email addresses and numeric values) which could be used to reconstruct the original content or associate the input to you. It also includes associated performance data, such as changes you manually make to text, as well as words you've added to the dictionary.
Learn more about improving inking and typing in Windows
.
Back to top
Personalized offers
If you choose to turn on
Personalized offers
, we will use information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, in combination with your account info and data collected by other Microsoft products and services to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance your Windows experiences. Personalized offers include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware to enhance your Windows experiences. For example, Windows might tell you about new features to help you get the most out of your device. If you stream movies in your browser, Windows might recommend an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows might recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to add more storage.
When Personalized offers is on, Windows may use your required diagnostic data to personalize offers. This data may include information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have decided to share optional diagnostic data, the data used to personalize offers may also include information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. We may also use information about your device and your activity to personalize offers locally on your device, even when the data does not leave your device. We do not use the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalizing offers.
In addition to information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, we may use or combine the following data from other Microsoft products and your account with Windows diagnostic data to personalize offers:
Web activity, if you give Microsoft Edge permission to collect your web activity for personalized search, ads, and news.
Info about your use of other Microsoft products and services, including Microsoft Bing, Microsoft 365, Xbox, and Microsoft websites, such as MSN.com.
Subscription and purchase history.
Data from third-party websites which may be shared with Microsoft.
We may also use information about your interactions with tips, recommendations, and promotions to provide and improve the personalized offers and similar messages in other Microsoft products.
To manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers, you can visit your
Personalized ads and offers page
. The data we use to personalize offers may change over time, but this page will always have the latest list of data sources so you can make decisions on how your data is used by Microsoft. In some regions such as the European Economic Area, turning off Personalized offers on Windows also stops the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize tips, ads, and recommendations in Windows. In other regions, you can manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers by visiting your
Personalized ads and offers page
.
Contextual data from your device and some basic account data are used to show you appropriate messaging in Windows regardless of whether the Personalized offers setting or the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize offers are turned off. For example, this data is used to make sure content is in the correct language and appropriate for your age group.
Personalized offers applies to tips, offers, ads, and recommendations you see in Windows. Changing this setting will not impact the kinds of offers you may see in other Microsoft products. You can change this setting at any time by searching for
Personalized offers
in the Windows Settings app.
Learn more about personalized offers
.
Tailored experiences
Tailored experiences is being replaced by Personalized offers in more recent versions of Windows. If you have not installed the latest Windows Update, you may still see Tailored experiences on your device.
If you choose to turn on Tailored experiences, we will use your Windows diagnostic data (Required or Optional as you have selected) to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance Microsoft experiences. If you have selected Required as your diagnostic data setting, personalization is based on information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have selected Optional, personalization is also based on information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. However, we do not use information about the websites you browse, the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalization when we receive such data from customers who have selected Optional. Tailored experiences data is transmitted to Microsoft and stored with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device’s service issues and use patterns.
Tailored experiences include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware for your Windows experiences. For example, to help you get the most out of your device, we may tell you about features you may not know about or that are new. If you are having a problem with your Windows device, you may be offered a solution. You may be offered a chance to customize your lock screen with pictures, or to be shown more pictures of the kind you like, or fewer of the ones you do not. If you stream movies in your browser, you may be recommended an app from the Microsoft store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows may recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to gain more space.
Learn more about tailored experiences in Windows
.
Back to top
Feedback Hub
Feedback Hub provides a way to gather feedback on Microsoft products and installed first party and third-party apps. When you use Feedback Hub, Feedback Hub periodically reads the installed app list to determine apps for which feedback can be sent. Feedback Hub determines the apps installed in your device through public APIs. Additionally, for HoloLens, Feedback Hub uses your camera and microphone when you choose to share surroundings and audio input. It also uses picture and document library to access screenshots and screen recordings that you attach for sending as part of feedback.
You can sign into Feedback Hub using either your personal Microsoft account or an account provided by your organization (such as your employer or school) that you use to sign into Microsoft products. Signing in with your work or school account allows you to submit feedback to Microsoft in association with your organization. Any feedback you provide whether using your work or school account or personal Microsoft account may be publicly viewable depending on the settings configured by your organization’s administrators. Additionally, if feedback is provided using your work or school account, your feedback can be viewed through the Feedback Hub or via admin center by your organization’s administrators.
When you submit feedback to Microsoft about a problem or add more details to a problem, diagnostic data will be sent to Microsoft to improve Microsoft products and services. Depending on your Diagnostic data settings in the
Diagnostics & feedback
section of the Windows settings, Feedback Hub will either send diagnostic data automatically or you will have the option to send it to Microsoft at the time you provide feedback. Based on the category chosen when submitting feedback, there may be additional personal data collected that helps to further troubleshoot issues; for example, location related information when submitting feedback about location services or gaze related information when submitting feedback on Mixed Reality. Microsoft may also share your feedback along with the data collected when you submit your feedback with Microsoft partners (such as a device manufacturer, or firmware developer) to help them troubleshoot products and services that work with Windows and other Microsoft products and services.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Back to top
Get Help
Get Help enables Windows users to get technical support on Windows and other Microsoft applications.  It provides self-service support (such as links to help articles or directions on how Windows users can solve problems on their own), Diagnostics, and connecting the customer to a live Microsoft agent as appropriate. You can sign into the Get Help component with your Microsoft account to create a consumer support case.  Enterprise account users may also be permitted to create a customer support case depending on their organization’s support contract, and if enabled by their tenant administrator.
Get Help may suggest you run a Diagnostic. If you consent, diagnostic data is handled in accordance with the
Diagnostics
section.
If permitted by system settings, the system microphone may be used to capture the support question instead of your needing to type. You can control this in the “Microphone Privacy Settings” in the Windows Settings application. Get Help will also access your Application List to aid in opening the Feedback Hub to the correct app if you choose to start the feedback process within Get Help. All feedback will be entered and controlled by the Feedback Hub, as described in the Feedback Hub section of this Privacy Statement. Get Help does not use your location data as part of its services.
Back to top
Live captions
Live captions transcribe audio to help with the comprehension of spoken content. Live captions can generate captions from any audio containing speech, whether the audio is online, audio you have downloaded to your device, or audio received from your microphone. By default, transcribing microphone audio is disabled.
Voice data that is captioned is only processed on your device and is not shared to the cloud or with Microsoft.
Learn more about live captions
.
Back to top
Location services and recording
Windows location service
. Microsoft operates a location service that helps determine the precise geographic location of a specific Windows device. Depending on the capabilities of the device, the device’s location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. When you have enabled location on a Windows device, or you have given permission for Microsoft apps to access location information on non-Windows devices, data about cell towers and Wi-Fi access points and their locations is collected by Microsoft and added to the location database after removing any data identifying the person or device from which it was collected. This de-identified location information is used to improve Microsoft's location services.
Windows services and features, apps running on Windows, and websites opened in Windows browsers can access the device’s location through Windows if your settings allow them to do so. Some features and apps request location permission when you first install Windows, some ask the first time you use the app, and others ask every time you access the device’s location. For information about certain Windows apps that use the device’s location, see the
Windows apps
section of this privacy statement.
When an app or feature accesses the device’s location and you are signed in with a Microsoft account, your Windows device will also upload its location to the cloud where it is available across your devices to other apps or services that use your Microsoft account and for which you’ve granted permission. We will retain only the last known location (each new location replaces the previous one). Data about a Windows device's recent location history is also stored on the device even if not using a Microsoft account, and certain apps and Windows features can access this location history. You can clear your device's location history at any time in the Windows settings app.
In the Windows settings app, you can also view which apps have access to the device’s precise location or your device's location history, turn off or on access to the device’s location for particular apps, or turn off access to the device’s location. You can also set a default location, which will be used when the location service can’t detect a more exact location for your device.
There are some exceptions to how your device’s location can be determined that are not directly managed by the location settings.
Desktop apps are a specific type of app that won’t ask for separate permission to discover your device location information and won’t appear in the list that allows you to choose apps that can use your location. They can be downloaded from the Microsoft Store, downloaded from the internet, or installed with some type of media (such as a CD, DVD, or USB storage device). They’re opened using an .EXE, .MSI, or .DLL file, and they typically run on your device, unlike web-based apps (which run in the cloud).
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to determine your device’s location when the device’s location setting is off
.
Some web-based experiences or third-party apps that surface on Windows could use other technologies (such as Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, cellular modem, etc.) or cloud-based location services to determine your device’s location with varying degrees of accuracy even when you’ve turned off the device location setting.
In addition, to facilitate getting help in an emergency, whenever you make an emergency call, Windows will attempt to determine and share your precise location, regardless of your location settings. If your device has a SIM card or is otherwise using cellular service, your mobile operator will have access to your device’s location.
Learn more about location in Windows
.
General Location
. If you turn on Location services, apps that cannot use your precise location may still have access to your general location, such as your city, postal code, or region.
Find my device
. The Find my device feature allows an administrator of a Windows device to find the location of that device from account.microsoft.com/devices. To enable Find my device, an administrator needs to be signed in with a Microsoft account and have the location setting enabled. This feature will work even if other users have denied access to location for all their apps. When the administrator attempts to locate the device, users will see a notification in the notification area.
Learn more about Find my device in Windows
.
Recording
. Some Windows devices have a recording feature that allows you to capture audio and video clips of your activity on the device, including your communications with others. If you choose to record a session, the recording will be saved locally on your device. In some cases, you may have the option to transmit the recording to a Microsoft product or service that broadcasts the recording publicly.
Important: You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording and/or transmitting any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use recording features or your recordings.
Back to top
Narrator
Narrator is a built-in screen reader tool that helps you use Windows without a screen. Narrator offers intelligent image and page title description and web page summaries when you encounter undescribed images and ambiguous links.
When you choose to get an image description by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the image will be sent to Microsoft to perform analysis of the image and generate a description. Images are used only to generate the description and are not stored by Microsoft.
When you choose to get page title descriptions by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the page title description and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing services as described in the Bing section above.
When you choose to get a list of popular links for a web page by pressing Narrator + double press of S, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the summary of popular links and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing.
You can disable these features at any time by going to
Narrator>Get image descriptions, page titles and popular links
in Settings in Windows.
You can also send feedback about Narrator to help Microsoft diagnose and resolve problems with Narrator and improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows. Verbal feedback can be submitted at any time in Narrator by using Narrator Key + Alt + F. When you use this command, the Feedback Hub app will launch, giving you the opportunity to submit verbal feedback. If you enable the setting “Help Make Narrator Better” in the Windows settings app and submit verbal feedback through Feedback Hub, recent device and usage data, including event trace log (ETL) data, will be submitted along with your verbal feedback to improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows.
Back to top
Phone Link - Link to Windows
The Phone Link feature lets you link your Android phone with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone via Bluetooth to connect to your Windows PC. Your Android device will link with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone will link via Bluetooth, enabling a variety of cross-device experiences across all your Windows devices where you are signed in or connected via Bluetooth. You can use Phone Link to see recent photos from your Android phone on your Windows device; make and receive live calls from your Android phone on your Windows device; view and send text messages from your Windows device; view, dismiss, or perform other actions to your Android phone notifications from your Windows device; share your phone screen on your Windows device through Phone Link’s mirroring function; and instantly access Android apps installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. You can use Phone Link to make and receive calls from your iPhone, view and send text messages, and view, dismiss, or perform other actions on your iPhone notification from your Windows device.
To use Phone Link, Link to Windows must be installed on your Android device. You may also optionally download Phone Link to your iPhone.
To use Phone Link, you must log into your Microsoft account on the Phone Link feature on your Windows device and on Link to Windows on your Android phone or Bluetooth enabled on your iPhone. Your Android phone and your Windows device must be connected to the internet. Some features will require you to enable Bluetooth and pair your phone with your PC. To use the Calls feature, your Android phone must also have Bluetooth enabled.
During setting up your Windows device, you can choose to link your phone with your Microsoft account. This is done by signing into Link to Windows on your Android phone, granting permissions and completing the onboarding experience. Once complete, Link to Windows will sync your data to all your Windows PCs where you have signed into your Microsoft account. See below for details on how your data is used.
As part of providing Phone Link’s features to you, Microsoft collects performance, usage, and device data that includes, for example, the hardware capabilities of your mobile phone and Windows device, the number and duration of your sessions on Phone Link, and the amount of time you spent during setup.
You can unlink your Android phone from your Windows device at any time by going into your Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your Android phone. You can do the same from the settings in Link to Windows on your Android phone. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
You can unlink your iPhone from your Windows device at any time by going into Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your iPhone. You can do the same from your iPhone by going into
Settings > Bluetooth > Selecting your PC name > click on the (i) icon >
and choosing
Forget This Device
. All users can remove the Bluetooth pairing by disabling the experiences.
Text Messages – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your Android phone on your Windows device and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within the last 30 days are visible on your Windows device. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your Android phone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) on Android devices, and messages sent via RCS (Rich Communication Services) on select Samsung devices on select mobile operator networks. To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Text Messages – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your iPhone on your Windows devices and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within your Bluetooth session or iMessage are visible on your Windows devices. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your iPhone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service). To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Calls – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your Android phone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable certain permissions on both your Windows device and Android phone, such as call logs access and permission to make phone calls from your PC. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone's settings. Only calls received and dialed within the last 30 days are visible under call logs on your Windows device. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your Android phone.
Calls – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your iPhone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable Sync Contacts feature under Bluetooth settings on your iPhone. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your iPhone.
Photos – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to copy, share, edit, save, or delete photos from your Android phone on your Windows device. Only a limited number of your most recent photos from the Camera Roll and Screenshots folders on your Android phone will be visible on your Windows device at any given time. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows device and as you take more photos on your Android phone, we remove the temporary copies of the older photos from your Windows device. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your Android phone.
Notifications – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your Android phone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions, such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and Android phone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone’s settings. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
Notifications – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view your iPhone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your iPhone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and iPhone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your iPhone’s Bluetooth settings.
Phone Screen Mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices
, Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s screen on your Windows device. Your Android phone screen will be visible on your Windows device as a pixel stream and any audio that you enable on your Android phone screen while it is linked to your Windows device through Phone Link will play through your Android phone.
Apps mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to use your Android apps that are installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. For example, you can launch a music app in your Windows session and listen to audio from that app on your PC speakers. Microsoft collects a list of your installed Android apps and recent activity to provide the service and show you your most recently used apps. Microsoft does not store what apps you have installed or any of the information displayed by the app in your experience with it.
Content transfer – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to copy and paste contents such as files, documents, photos, etc. between your Android phone and your Windows device. You can transfer content from your Android phone to your Windows device and from your Windows device to your Android phone by drag and drop contents between the devices.
Instant Hotspot – Android devices.
On supported devices, Link to Windows enables users to share mobile hotspot information with their paired PC over secure Bluetooth communication. Your PC can then be connected to the internet through the Windows network flyout. Please note mobile data charges may apply depending on the mobile data plan you have.
Contacts sync – Android devices.
Link to Windows allows you to sync your Android contacts into the Microsoft cloud to access them in other Microsoft products and services. You can enable this feature by going into Link to Windows settings and enabling “Contacts sync” feature. Your contacts information is stored online and associated with your Microsoft account. You may choose to disable sync and delete these contacts at any time.
Learn more
.
Contacts sync – iPhone.
Phone Link allows you to sync your contacts from your iPhone to access them for messaging and calling. You can enable this feature by going into Bluetooth settings on your iPhone and toggle on Sync Contacts under your PC name after connecting your iPhone to Phone Link. You may choose to disable syncing at any time by toggling off Sync Contacts.
Text-to-voice.
Phone Link features include accessibility functionality such as text-to-voice. You can activate a text-to-voice feature, which allows you to hear the contents of a text message or notification as audio. If you activate this feature, your text messages and notifications will be read out loud as they are received.
Office Enterprise – Android Devices.
Link to Windows allows you to insert photos into web and desktop versions of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word directly from your mobile phone. This requires your IT Administrator to have enabled Optional Connected Experiences for Microsoft Office applications and you will need to associate your mobile device with your work or school account and provide Photos permission to your account. After onboarding, your session will last 15 minutes to enable you to transfer your Photos from your mobile device. To use this feature again, you will need to scan your QR code. Link to Windows does not collect your work or school account information or information about your Enterprise. In order to provide this service, Microsoft uses a cloud service to relay your files for the purpose of inserting the photos into web and desktop version of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word files.
Back to top
Cross-device experiences
Cross-device experiences in Windows allow you to access your mobile device from your PC using your Microsoft Account. These can be managed under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in your Windows PC Settings. As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects performance usage and device data, including information about the hardware capabilities of your mobile and Windows devices. You can turn this feature on or off at any time in your Windows PC Settings.
Use your mobile device as a connected camera.
This feature allows you to use your mobile device’s camera in apps or products on Windows that support camera functionality. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft does not record or store your camera sessions or any of the information displayed by your camera in any of the applications or products.
Get new photo notifications from your mobile device.
This feature allows you to receive notifications from your linked mobile device on your Windows PC. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows PC while you are editing or opening those photos. You will need to initiate saving to your PC to store those photos until you decide to delete them. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your mobile device.
Show your mobile device in File Explorer
. This feature allows you to access your mobile device’s files in File Explorer. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft will not store your file contents in its services.
Back to top
Security and safety features
Device encryption
. Device encryption helps protect the data stored on your device by encrypting it using BitLocker Drive Encryption technology. When device encryption is on, Windows automatically encrypts the drive Windows is installed on and generates a recovery key. The BitLocker recovery key for your personal device is automatically backed up online in your personal Microsoft OneDrive account. Microsoft doesn't use your individual recovery keys for any purpose.
Malicious Software Removal Tool
. The Malicious Software Removal Tool (MSRT) runs on your device at least once per month as part of Windows Update. MSRT checks devices for infections by specific, prevalent malicious software ("malware") and helps remove any infections found. When the MSRT runs, it will remove the malware listed on the Microsoft Support website if the malware is on your device. During a malware check, a report will be sent to Microsoft with specific data about malware detected, errors, and other data about your device. If you do not want MSRT to send this data to Microsoft, you can disable MSRT's reporting component.
Microsoft Family
. Parents can use Microsoft Family Safety to understand and set boundaries on how their child is using their device. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group. If you live in a region that requires permission to create an account to access Microsoft services, you may be prompted to request or give parental consent. If a user is under the statutory age in your region, during the registration process they will be prompted to request consent from a parent or guardian by entering an adult’s email. When Family activity reporting is turned on for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their device and provide parents with reports of that child's activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen and Smart App Control
. Microsoft strives to help protect your device and passwords from unsafe apps, files, and web content.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen helps protect you when using our services by identifying threats to you, your device, and your passwords. These threats might include potentially unsafe apps or web content that Microsoft Defender SmartScreen discovers while checking websites you visit, files you download, and apps you install and run. When Microsoft Defender SmartScreen checks web and app content, data about the content and your device is sent to Microsoft, including the full web address of the content. When additional analysis is needed to identify security threats, information about the suspicious website or app—such as content displayed, sounds played, and application memory—may be sent to Microsoft. This data will only be used for security purposes in detecting, protecting against, and responding to security incidents, identity theft, fraud, or other malicious, deceptive, or illegal activities. If Microsoft Defender SmartScreen detects that content is potentially unsafe, you will see a warning in place of the content. Microsoft Defender SmartScreen can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Where supported, Smart App Control helps check software that is installed and runs on your device to determine if it is malicious, potentially unwanted, or poses other threats to you and your device. On a supported device, Smart App Control starts in evaluation mode and the data we collect for Microsoft Defender SmartScreen such as file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates, is used to help determine whether your device is a good candidate to use Smart App Control for additional security protection. Smart App Control is not enabled and will not block during evaluation mode. Some devices may not be good candidates if Smart App Control would otherwise get in the way and interfere with a user’s otherwise intended and legitimate tasks – for instance, developers who use a lot of unsigned files. If you are a good candidate for Smart App Control, then it will automatically be turned on, and will provide additional protection to your device beyond Microsoft Defender SmartScreen. Otherwise, Smart App Control will be unavailable and permanently turned off. If your device is unsupported or not a good candidate for Smart App Control, Microsoft Defender SmartScreen will continue to help protect your device. When Smart App Control is enabled and identifies an app as malicious, potentially unwanted, or unknown and unsigned, it will block and notify you prior to opening, running, or installing the app.
Learn more about Smart App Control
.
When either Microsoft Defender SmartScreen or Smart App Control checks a file, data about that file is sent to Microsoft, including the file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates.
Smart App Control can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Microsoft Defender Antivirus
. Microsoft Defender Antivirus looks for malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content on your device. Microsoft Defender Antivirus is automatically turned on to help protect your device if no other antimalware software is actively protecting your device. If Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, it will monitor the security status of your device. When Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, or is running because Limited Periodic Scanning is enabled, it will automatically send reports to Microsoft that contain data about suspected malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content, and it may also send files that could contain malicious content, such as malware or unknown files for further inspection. If a report is likely to contain personal data, the report is not sent automatically, and you'll be prompted before it is sent. You can configure Microsoft Defender Antivirus not to send reports and suspected malware to Microsoft.
Back to top
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Speech
. Microsoft provides both a device-based speech recognition feature and cloud-based (online) speech recognition technologies.
Turning on the Online speech recognition setting lets apps use Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition. Additionally, in Windows 10, the Online speech recognition setting enables your ability to use dictation within Windows.
Turning on speech while setting up a HoloLens device or installing Windows Mixed Reality allows you to use your voice for commands, dictation, and app interactions. Both device-based speech recognition and online speech recognition settings will be enabled. With both settings enabled, while your headset is turned on the device will always be listening to your voice input and will send your voice data to Microsoft’s cloud-based speech recognition technologies.
When you use cloud-based speech recognition technologies from Microsoft, whether enabled by the Online speech recognition setting or when you interact with HoloLens or voice typing, Microsoft collects and uses your voice recordings to provide the speech recognition service by creating a text transcription of the spoken words in the voice data. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
You can use device-based speech recognition without sending your voice data to Microsoft. However, Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition technologies provide more accurate recognition than the device-based speech recognition. When the online speech recognition setting is turned off, speech services that do not rely on the cloud and only use device-based recognition—like live captions, Narrator, or voice access—will still work and Microsoft won’t collect any voice data.
You can turn off online speech recognition at any time. This will stop any apps that rely on the Online speech recognition setting from sending your voice data to Microsoft. If you are using a HoloLens or Windows Mixed Reality headset, you can also turn off device-based speech recognition at any time. This will stop the device from listening for your voice input.
Learn more about speech recognition in Windows
.
Voice Activation
. Windows provides supported apps with the ability to respond and take action based on voice keywords that are specific to that app.
If you’ve given permission for an app to listen for voice keywords, Windows will be actively listening to the microphone for these keywords. Once a keyword is recognized, the app will have access to your voice recording, can process the recording, take action, and respond, such as with a spoken answer. The app may send the voice recording to its own services in the cloud to process the commands. Each app should ask you for permission before accessing voice recordings.
Additionally, voice activation can be enabled when the device is locked. If enabled, the relevant app will continue listening to the microphone for voice keywords when you have locked your device and can activate for anyone who speaks near the device. When the device is locked, the app will have access to the same set of capabilities and information as when the device is unlocked.
You can turn off voice activation at any time.
Learn more about voice activation in Windows
.
Even when you’ve turned off voice activation, some third-party desktop apps and services could still be listening to the microphone and collect your voice input.
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to access your microphone even with these settings turned off
.
Voice typing
. In Windows 11, dictation has been updated and renamed as voice typing. Voice typing may use both device-based and online speech recognition technologies to power its speech-to-text transcription service. You can also choose to contribute voice clips to help improve voice typing. If you choose not to contribute voice clips, you can still use voice typing. You can change your selection anytime in the voice typing settings. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Voice access
. Windows enables everyone, including people with mobility disabilities, to control their PC and author text using their voice. For example, voice access supports scenarios like opening and switching between apps, browsing the web, and reading and authoring mail. Voice access leverages modern, on-device speech recognition to accurately recognize speech and is supported without an internet connection. When a user invokes voice access it uses the device microphone.
Learn more about voice access
.
Inking & Typing Personalization
. Your typed and handwritten words are collected to provide you with a custom word list, better character recognition to help you type and write on your device, and text suggestions that appear as you type or write.
You can turn off inking & typing personalization at any time. This will delete your customer word list stored on your device. If you turn it back on, you’ll need to recreate your custom word list.
Learn more about inking & typing personalization in Windows
.
Back to top
Sync and backup settings
When you sign into Windows with your Microsoft account, Windows can store your settings, files, and device configuration data in Microsoft’s servers. Windows will only use the stored settings, files, and device configuration data to make it easier for you to migrate your experience on a different device.
You can turn off this feature and stop Windows from storing your settings, files, and configuration data from the Windows settings. You can delete the data that has been backed up previously to your Microsoft account, by visiting
your Microsoft Account Devices page
.
Learn more about Windows backup and sync settings
.
Back to top
Update Services
Update Services for Windows includes Windows Update and Microsoft Update. Windows Update is a service that provides you with software updates for Windows software and other supporting software, such as drivers and firmware supplied by device manufacturers. Microsoft Update is a service that provides you with software updates for other Microsoft software such as Microsoft 365.
Windows Update automatically downloads Windows software updates to your device. You can configure Windows Update to automatically install these updates as they become available (recommended) or have Windows notify you when a restart is required to finish installing updates. Apps available through the Microsoft Store are automatically updated through the Microsoft Store, as described in the
Microsoft Store
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
This section applies to legacy versions of Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below). See the
Microsoft Edge
section of the Privacy Statement for information about non-legacy versions of Microsoft Edge.
Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows. Internet Explorer, the legacy browser from Microsoft, is also available in Windows. Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Additionally, data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Delete Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Web note
. Allows you to create ink and text annotations on the webpages you visit, and clip, save, or share them.
Active reading
. Allows you to create and manage reading lists, including websites or documents.
Hub
. Allows you to easily manage your reading lists, favorites, downloads, and history all in one area.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Some Microsoft browser information saved on your device will be synced across other devices when you sign in with your Microsoft account so you can access your data on all your signed-in browsers across your devices. For instance, in Internet Explorer, this information includes your browsing history and favorites; and in Microsoft Edge, it includes your favorites, reading lists, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), and may include data for extensions that you have installed. As an example, if you sync your Microsoft Edge reading list across devices, copies of the content you choose to save to your reading list will be sent to each synced device for later viewing. You can disable syncing in Internet Explorer by going to
Start
>
Settings
>
Accounts
>
Sync your settings
. (For more information, see the
Sync settings
section of this privacy statement.) You can also disable syncing of Microsoft Edge browser information by turning off the sync option in Microsoft Edge Settings.
Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer use your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search results. These features include:
Search suggestions
in Internet Explorer automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to your default search provider (such as Bing) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
Search and site suggestions
in Microsoft Edge automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to Bing (even if you have selected another default search provider) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
You can turn off these features at any time. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer send your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider when the app is used. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Windows AI Features
Click to Do
Click to Do can run in partnership with Recall or as a stand-alone feature. Once started, you can use Click to Do to capture and analyze screenshots and identify the presence of text and images, then allowing you to take relevant actions for each. For instance, Click to Do can give you options to edit a screenshot image, or revise or rework text that it captures. Click to Do is unable to identify the content of the text or images identified within a screenshot, but you can use local AI and other tools to modify the content if you wish. Everything remains on your local device unless you make an explicit choice, like sending an image off to Bing for a search, asking Click to Do to provide a summary of text the user has selected (in which case it will be sent to Microsoft’s Azure AI cloud service), or using another local AI or other tool to modify a Click to Do screenshot.
Click to Do also allows you to use your microphone to search for text within a capture screenshot. When you click on the microphone button, Click to Do starts listening to what’s said, which is entered into the Search box, and will highlight all the matches from the search. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Windows Recall
Recall is a Windows feature only available in CoPilot+ PCs that allows users to find things they've seen on their device using the text and visual clues they remember. To use Recall, a user must opt-in to save snapshots on their Copilot+ PC, which are images of everything open and visible on the user’s screen and include associated metadata such as the app name and time-date stamp. All data is stored locally on the device and is protected with Windows Hello Enhanced Sign-in Security (ESS), which provides more secure biometric sign-ins and helps ensure only the customer can have access to their information. Every time a user launches Recall they will be asked to authenticate using Windows Hello biometric sign-in or PIN before the contents of the snapshot folder will decrypt. Click to Do runs on top of snapshots in Recall and helps the user get things done faster by allowing them to take actions with their content, either images or text, on the screen. The analysis of snapshots is always performed locally on the device and the actions available to take change based on what kind of content is detected.
Recall also allows you to use your Copilot+ PC device microphone as a way to search for text within captured snapshots. When you click on the microphone button located inside the Search input box within the Recall window, it starts listening to what’s said and enters it into the Search box. The microphone remains in use until you pause your speech, at which point it is turned off until you explicitly press the microphone button again. All the matches from the search will be highlighted in the results. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Data captured by Recall including personal data (e.g., snapshots, metadata, processing results, and user queries) remain local to the device within your signed-in account on the Copilot+ PC, and is not transmitted off the device unless you take certain action. For example, if you copy and paste a snapshot into another app, or choose to include a snapshot when submitting feedback through the Windows Feedback Hub. The only way Recall content can be shared with anyone is by explicit on-device action taken by the user.
You can control your content (such as Snapshots, metadata, search queries, and history) by pausing or deleting snapshots, filtering content, or using a supported browser in privacy mode. Learn more about your privacy and control over your Recall experience
here
.
In addition to the Recall search feature, Recall also has a timeline, in which your snapshots are organized chronologically and visualized in a horizontal scrollbar that you can use to find and leverage your past activities on your PC. In addition to the features available within the timeline, you can delete snapshots from this view, either individually or by all snapshots containing a website domain (e.g., all from www.bing.com) or those from a specific app.
Recall also has a Sensitive Content filter that is on by default to help prevent the retention of information that might be more delicate in nature (e.g., credit card numbers, state issued ID numbers, etc.). Users can turn this filter off if they wish in Windows Settings.
Back to top
Windows apps
A number of Microsoft apps are included with Windows and others are available in Microsoft Store. Some of those apps include:
Maps app
. The Maps app provides location-based services and uses Bing services to process your searches within the Maps app. When the Maps app has access to your location, and you have enabled location-based services in Windows, when you use the “@” key to initiate a search in supported text boxes in Windows apps, Bing services collects the text you type after the “@” key to provide location-based suggestions. To learn more about these Bing-powered experiences, see the
Bing
section of this privacy statement. When the Maps app has access to your location, even when the app is not in use, Microsoft may collect de-identified location data from your device to improve Microsoft services. You can disable the Maps app's access to your location by turning off the location service or turning off the Maps app's access to the location service.
You can keep track of your favorite places and recent map searches in the Maps app. Your favorite places and search history will be included as search suggestions. If you grant the Maps app access to your camera, you’ll be able to capture the location of where your photos took place – for instance, a photo of your car will also tell you where your car is parked. You can also share your location with other people in your contacts. If you're signed in with your Microsoft account, your favorite places, search history, and certain app settings will be synced across other devices and services. For more information, see the
Sync and backup settings
section of this privacy statement.
Camera app
. If you allow the Camera app to use your location, location data is embedded in the photos and videos you take with your device. Other descriptive data, such as camera model and the date that the picture or video was taken, is also embedded in photos and videos. If you choose to share a photo or video, any embedded data will be accessible to the people and services you share with. Once enabled, you can always disable the Camera app's access to your location by turning off all access to the location service in your device's Settings menu or turning off the Camera app's access to the location service.
When the Camera app is open, it shows rectangles detected by the selected camera for areas in the image that are potentially used for image enhancement. The Camera app does not retain any image enhancing data. You can always change your camera access settings in the Windows Settings menu. The Camera app uses various device capabilities such as location, camera, microphone, video, and picture library. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Photos app
. There are two versions of the Photos app available. The updated Photos app includes features like iCloud integration and local and cloud folder views. The previous legacy version of the Photos app includes features like Video Editor, the People tab, and Albums. You are using the updated Photos app if the “About” section in the Photos app settings indicates the app is the “Updated” Photos app. In some cases, a user may have both the updated Photos app and the Photos legacy version downloaded on their device.
The updated Photos app helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. For example, the Photos app presents different ways to group photos and videos by name, date taken, or date modified, and also in folders where those files are stored, such as stored locally on your device or synced to your device from OneDrive, iCloud, and other cloud services. The app also allows you to move, copy or upload files to different locations on your computer or to OneDrive. The All Photos tab displays your locally stored or synced photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Favorites tab lets you view photos and videos you previously liked or favorited. The Folders tab allows you to view photos or videos by their storage location. There are also tabs where you can see your photos and videos from available cloud services (such as OneDrive and other third-party services) that you have synced to your device.
The Photos legacy app also helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. However, if you are using the Photos legacy app, you may see other features that are not available in the newer version of the Photos app, including Collections, Albums, Video Editor and the People setting. The Collection tab displays photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Albums tab helps you organize your photos and videos by location and common tags. The Video Editor allows you to edit, create, and share videos.
The People setting can be enabled on the Photos legacy app's Settings page and in the People tab of the app. When enabled, the Photos legacy app will use face grouping technology to organize your photos and videos into groups. The grouping feature can detect faces in a photo or video and determine whether they are visually similar to faces in other photos and videos in your local photo collection. You can choose to associate a facial grouping with a contact from your People app.
When enabled in the Photos legacy app, your groupings will be stored on your device for as long as you choose to keep the groupings or the photos or videos. If the People setting is turned on, there will be a prompt to allow the Photos legacy app to continue to permit facial groupings after three years of non-interaction with the Photos legacy app. At any time, you can go to the Settings page in the Photos legacy app to turn the People setting on or off. Turning the feature off will remove facial grouping data from the Photos legacy app but will not remove your photos or videos.
Learn more about the Photos legacy app and facial grouping
.
If you choose to share a photo or video using the Photos app or the Photos legacy app, any embedded data (such as location, camera model, and date) will be accessible to the people and services you share the photo or video with.
People app
. The People app lets you see and interact with all your contacts in one place. When you add an account to the People app, your contacts from your account will be automatically added to the People app. You can add other accounts to the People app, including your social networks (such as Facebook and Twitter) and email accounts. When you add an account, we tell you what data the People app can import or sync with the particular service and let you choose what you want to add. Other apps you install may also sync data to the People app, including providing additional details to existing contacts. When you view a contact in the People app, information about your recent interactions with the contact (such as emails and calendar events, including from apps that the People app syncs data from) will be retrieved and displayed to you. You can remove an account from the People app at any time.
Mail and Calendar app
. The Mail and Calendar app allows you to connect all your email, calendars, and files in one place, including those from third-party email and file storage providers. The app provides location-based services, such as weather information in your calendar, but you can disable the app’s use of your location. When you add an account to the Mail and Calendar app, your email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other settings from your account will automatically sync to your device and to Microsoft servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that’s synced from your account. To configure an account, you must provide the app with the account credentials (such as user name and password), which will be sent over the internet to the third-party provider’s server. The app will first attempt to use a secure (SSL) connection to configure your account but will send this information unencrypted if your email provider does not support SSL. If you add an account provided by an organization (such as a company email address), the owner of the organizational domain can implement certain policies and controls (for example, multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that may affect your use of the app. This app uses your device capabilities such as location, camera. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Windows Operator Messages (previously Microsoft Messaging) app
. The Windows Operator Messages app receives and shows account-related SMS texts from your mobile operator about your data plan (such as your billing and data limits) on your PC or device. These messages are stored locally on your device. From your device, you can also access, view, and delete these messages. This app uses your device capabilities such as Contacts. Please visit Microsoft Store on Windows to learn more.
The Clock app
is your hub for time management and focus on Windows. When users sign in with their Microsoft account they can enable Microsoft To Do which is a cloud connected experience. When the user turns on Focus Session, session data is stored locally and user can clear it by going to the clock settings page. Additionally, Focus Sessions supports connecting to Spotify accounts to listen to ambient audio to help users focus. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Journal
is a Windows application specifically designed for touch-focused, pen-capable devices such as tablets and 2-in-1 devices. It provides users with freeform personal note-taking experience. The app leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to better recognize your handwriting that processes data locally on your device. When connected to Microsoft 365 (subscription required), users can seamlessly access their M365 calendar and contacts within the app. All user created content is automatically saved at the default save location in the document library for future reference. Journal lets you access photos library and the device camera and microphone so that you can add them to a workbook. Learn about Journal app
here
or visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Mobile plans
app helps you get online easily and in more places on your Windows 10 PC and 11 LTE devices. Upon signing up for a data plan on your device, it establishes a connection with the mobile operator, enabling you to complete purchases through the mobile operator’s online portal. You will need a supported SIM card in order to use this app. The Mobile Plan App will use your IMEI, IMSI, EID, ICCID, and Country (coarse location determined by Cellular Network ID or Wi-Fi Reverse IP) to determine which mobile operators are available in your area. The mobile operator may send notifications to users through the Mobile Plans App. This app uses your device’s capabilities such as its camera and microphone. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft PC Manager
is available in select regions and is a desktop tool aimed at boosting your PC’s performance. Based on your request, PC Manager will scan your device, and allows you to delete unneeded or temporary documents, optimize cache, stop or recover from unauthorized changes, or use other features such as health check, one-click boost, storage clean-up, file and pop-up management, and protection of your default settings.
PC Manager will block pop-ups based on ad-block rules and the pop-up windows selected by you through custom block. If you agree to join the “Microsoft PC Manager Pop-up Plan,” when you block pop-up windows through custom block, you can help us optimize the pop-up management feature of Microsoft PC Manager by taking screenshots of the pop-up and sending them to Microsoft. Microsoft does not collect information other than screenshots, Windows title, and the class of Windows. Screenshots sent are only retained for a short period of time and regularly deleted. You can manage your Pop-Up Plan preferences through the PC Manager settings at anytime. The feedback feature in PC Manager may also process personal data if you include it in the feedback you provide to Microsoft. The feedback from users is regularly deleted after processing. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Snipping Tool
is a handy utility in Windows that uses your microphone and pictures library to capture and store screenshots and screen recordings. The Snipping Tool includes a Text Action feature, which uses built-in optical character recognition (OCR) support. You can select and copy text directly from images using OCR. Additionally, you can use the Text Action feature to redact sensitive information from captured text. With clipboard integration items copied from the Snipping Tool are also copied to your clipboard. If you enable clipboard history across devices, the copied content can be used seamlessly across different devices. Users can manage their clipboard and snipping preferences through the Windows settings. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Sound Recorder app
is a versatile tool designed for capturing audio via your microphone in various scenarios. While recording, you can mark key moments to easily locate important sections later. You can also trim, adjust volume levels, or apply other modifications as needed, and playback your recordings. Your recordings are autosaved and stored in your Documents folder for easy access, and you can share your recorded audio with friends and family. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Clipchamp
is a video editor designed to make video creation easy. It allows users to combine videos, images, and audio files, as well as add text and effects, and then save the finished video to their device, or store their videos in their personal OneDrive via their Microsoft account. Users can also add stock videos and stock music or sound effects, stickers, graphical elements, backgrounds, and more. Users can choose to allow Clipchamp to access their camera and microphone to record videos directly from their device. To provide a better experience, such as which language to display to you, Clipchamp will collect your imprecise location. Users can access Clipchamp with a personal or family Microsoft account via the Clipchamp app for Windows 10 or Windows 11 and in the Edge or Chrome browser at
https://app.clipchamp.com
.
Media Player
is the default built-in player of multimedia (audio and video) files. When you choose to open a multimedia file, Media Player will read the contents of that file. When you open Media Player, it will read the contents of your Music library and Video library folders to populate its own Music library and Video library pages inside the Media Player to help you organize, view, and play multimedia content.
To enrich your experience when playing music, Media Player will automatically attempt to display artist art and album art for the content you play and the content in your music library. To provide this information, Media Player sends an information request to Microsoft containing standard device data, such as your device IP address, device software version, your regional and language settings, and an identifier for the content. If desired, this feature can be disabled on the app’s Settings page.
Movies and TV.
Microsoft Movies & TV allows you to rent or buy movies and TV episodes, and play them on your device.
To help you discover content that may interest you, Movies & TV will collect data about what movies and TV shows you watch, including the length of play and any ratings you give.
Movies & TV can also display and play local video files stored on your PC. To do this, it needs access to the video library on your device.
Windows Media Player Legacy.
When you use Windows Media Player Legacy, it can read media content such as video, audio, and picture files which allows you to play CDs and other digital content (such as video and audio files), rip CDs, and manage your media library. To enrich your experience when you play content in your library, Windows Media Player Legacy displays related media information, such as album title, song titles, album art, artist, and composer. To augment your media information, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a request to Microsoft which contains standard computer information, an identifier for the media content, and the media information already contained in your Windows Media Player Legacy library (including information you may have edited or entered yourself) so that Microsoft can recognize the track and then return additional information that is available.
Windows Media Player Legacy also allows you to play back content that is streamed to you over a network. To provide this service, it is necessary for Windows Media Player Legacy to communicate with a streaming media server. These servers are typically operated by non-Microsoft content providers. During playback of streaming media, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a log to the streaming media server or other web server(s) if the streaming media server requests it. The log includes such details as: connection time, IP address, operating system version, Windows Media Player Legacy version, Player identification number (Player ID), date, and protocol. To protect your privacy, Windows Media Player Legacy defaults to sending a Player ID that is different for each session.
Back to top
Windows Hello
Windows Hello provides instant access to your devices through biometric authentication. If you turn it on, Windows Hello uses your face, fingerprint, or iris to identify you based on a set of unique points or features that are extracted from the image and stored on your device as a template—but it does not store the actual image of your face, fingerprint, or iris. Biometric verification data that's used when you sign in doesn't leave your device. Your biometric verification data will remain on your device until you remove it. However, after a significant period of Windows Hello inactivity, you will be prompted to confirm that you want to continue to store your biometric verification data. You can delete your biometric verification data from within Settings. Learn more about
Windows Hello
.
Back to top
Windows Search
Windows Search lets you search your stuff and the web from one place. If you choose to use Windows Search to search "your stuff," it will provide results for items on your personal OneDrive, your OneDrive for Business if so enabled, other cloud storage providers to the extent supported by those third-party providers, and on your device. If you choose to use Windows Search to search the web, or get search suggestions with Windows Search, your search results will be powered by Bing and we will use your search query as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Learn more about search in Windows
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Entertainment and related services
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Xbox
The Xbox network is the online gaming and entertainment service from Microsoft that consists of software and enables online experiences across different platforms. This service lets you find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When you sign up for an Xbox profile, we assign you a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you sign in on Xbox devices, apps, and services, the data we collect about your use is stored using these unique identifier(s).
Xbox consoles are devices you can use to find and play games, movies, music, and other digital entertainment. When you sign in to Xbox experiences—in apps or on a console—we also assign a unique identifier to your device. When your Xbox console is connected to the internet, for instance, and you sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system you’re using.
Data we collect
about your use of Xbox services, games, apps, and consoles includes:
When you sign in and sign out of Xbox, any purchases you make, and content you obtain.
Which games you play and apps you use, your game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and your network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content you add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video you capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections you make (friends you add and people who follow you) on the Xbox network.
If you sign in to use Xbox on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time you sign in to Xbox, even if you’ve been playing offline.
Data we collect enables us to provide you with our services and with curated experiences. This includes connecting you to games, content, and services, as well as presenting you with offers, discounts, and recommendations. To change your settings for these recommendations, visit
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
page.
Camera and Microphone
. While using Xbox, players can use the device’s capabilities such as the microphone, camera and screen recording to improve their gaming experience. When an Xbox game is played in the Windows Game Bar, the camera and microphone may be used, including to read photos and videos and to capture and record screenshots.
Xbox diagnostic data
. Diagnostic data has two categories: required and optional.
Required
. Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. The minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Optional data is additional data that you choose to share with Microsoft. Optional data may include additional details about the operation, usage, and performance of your Xbox products and services, as well as enhanced error reporting.
Learn more at
Manage settings for optional data sharing
.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, all voice communication in the party is captioned for the player. Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it, as well as the other purposes described in this statement.
Xbox data viewable by others
. Your gamertag, game and play statistics, achievements, presence (whether you are currently signed in to Xbox), content you share, and other data about your activity on Xbox can be seen by:
Other players signed in to Xbox.
Customers of third-party services you’ve linked your profile to, or
Other services associated with Xbox (including those of partner companies).
For example, your gamertag and scores that show on game leaderboards are considered public and cannot be hidden. For other data, you can adjust your privacy settings on consoles and at
Xbox.com
to limit or block what is shared with the public or with friends.
Learn more at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Xbox data shared with third parties including game and apps publishers
. When you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about your usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game, types of vehicles used in-game), your presence on the Xbox network, the time you spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs you belong to, official club memberships, and any content you create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use the data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from game or app detail pages in the Microsoft Store.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where you have installed them. Some publisher access to your data may be revoked at
https://microsoft.com/consent
.
Children and family
. If you have kids who want to use the Xbox network, you can set up child and teen profiles for them once they have Microsoft accounts. Adult organizers in your Microsoft family group can change consent choices and online safety settings for child and teen profiles on
Xbox.com
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles, at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
For more information about Microsoft’s collection of data from children, including Xbox, please see the
Collection of data from children
section of this privacy statement.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips you upload, conversations you have, and things you post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how you use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data to keep your console functioning as expected while using a console connected to the Xbox network.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign you in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your console at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you that helps Kinect enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
Back to top
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Store is an online service, accessible via PC, the Xbox Console and the Xbox App, that allows you to browse, download, purchase, rate, and review applications and other digital content. It includes:
Apps and content for Windows devices such as phones, PCs, and tablets.
Games, subscriptions and other apps for Xbox consoles and other devices.
Products and apps for Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access, and Project (2013 versions or later).
We collect data about how you access and use Microsoft Store; the products you've viewed, purchased, or installed; the preferences you set for viewing apps in Microsoft Store; and any ratings, reviews, or problem reports you submit. Your Microsoft account is associated with your ratings and reviews; and if you write a review, the name and picture from your Microsoft account will be published with your review. Microsoft Store uses the region configured on your device to show relevant and eligible content and merchandising. Microsoft Store uses your device identifier to manage product rights tied to a specific device.
Permission for Microsoft Store apps
. Many apps you install from the Microsoft Store are designed to take advantage of specific hardware and software features of your device. An app's use of certain hardware and software features may give the app or its related service access to your data. For example, a photo editing app might access your device's camera to let you take a new photo or access photos or videos stored on your device for editing, and a restaurant guide might use your location to provide nearby recommendations. Information about the features that an app uses is provided on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store. Many of the features that Microsoft Store apps use can be turned on or off through your device’s privacy settings. In Windows, in many cases, you can choose which apps can use a particular feature. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
, select the feature (for example, Calendar), and then select which app permissions are on or off. The lists of apps in Windows privacy settings that can use hardware and software features will not include "Classic Windows" applications, and these applications are not affected by these settings.
App updates
. Unless you have turned off automatic app updates in the relevant Microsoft Store settings or have acquired an app provided and updated by the app developer, Microsoft Store will automatically check for, download, and install app updates to verify that you have the latest versions. Updated apps might use different Windows hardware and software features from the previous versions, which could give them access to different data on your device. You will be prompted for consent if an updated app accesses certain features, such as location. You can also review the hardware and software features an app uses by viewing its product description page in Microsoft Store.
Each app's use of your data collected through any of these features is subject to the app developer's privacy policies. If an app available through Microsoft Store collects and uses any of your personal data, the app developer is required to provide a privacy policy, and a link to the privacy policy is available on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store.
Sideloaded apps and developer mode
. Developer features such as the "developer mode" setting are intended for development use only. If you enable developer features, your device may become unreliable or unusable, and expose you to security risks. Downloading or otherwise acquiring apps from sources other than Microsoft Store, also known as "sideloading" apps, may make your device and personal data more vulnerable to attack or unexpected use by apps. Windows policies, notifications, permissions, and other features intended to help protect your privacy when apps access your data may not function as described in this statement for sideloaded apps or when developer features are enabled.
Back to top
Microsoft Start
Microsoft Start (formerly known as MSN or Microsoft News) is a content service that includes news, weather, sports, and finance. The Microsoft Start app is available on various platforms, including iOS and Android. The Microsoft Start service is also included within other Microsoft services, including the Microsoft Edge browser and widgets on Windows.
When you install the Microsoft Start, MSN Weather, or Microsoft News apps, we collect data that tells us if the app was installed properly, the installation date, the app version, and other data about your device such as the operating system and browser. This data is collected on a regular basis to help us determine the number of app users and identify performance issues associated with different app versions, operating systems, and browsers. When you use the weather app, we use your location to provide you with relevant weather content.
We also collect data about how you interact with Microsoft Start content, such as usage frequency and articles viewed, to provide you with relevant content. Microsoft Start provides an enhanced experience when you sign in with your Microsoft account, including allowing you to customize your interests and favorites. We use your location to provide you with relevant content such as local weather and news. You can manage personalization through Microsoft Start and Bing settings, as well as through settings in other Microsoft services that include Microsoft Start services. We also use the data we collect to provide you with advertisements that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of interest-based advertising through the advertising links within Microsoft Start services, or by visiting the Microsoft
opt-out page
.
Previous versions of MSN Money allow you to access personal finance information from third-party financial institutions. MSN Money only displays this information and does not store it on our servers. Your sign-in credentials used to access your financial information from third parties are encrypted on your device and are not sent to Microsoft. These financial institutions, as well as any other third-party services you access through MSN services, are subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
Back to top
Silverlight
Microsoft Silverlight helps you to access and enjoy rich content on the Web. Silverlight enables websites and services to store data on your device. Other Silverlight features involve connecting to Microsoft to obtain updates, or to Microsoft or third-party servers to play protected digital content.
Silverlight Configuration tool
. You can make choices about these features in the Silverlight Configuration tool. To access the Silverlight Configuration tool, right click on content that is currently being displayed by Silverlight and select
Silverlight
. You can also run the Silverlight Configuration tool directly. In Windows, for example, you can access the tool by searching for "Microsoft Silverlight."
Silverlight application storage
. Silverlight-based applications can store data files locally on your computer for a variety of purposes, including saving your custom settings, storing large files for graphically intensive features (such as games, maps, and images), and storing content that you create within certain applications. You can turn off or configure application storage in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Silverlight updates
. Silverlight will periodically check a Microsoft server for updates to provide you with the latest features and improvements. A small file containing information about the latest Silverlight version will be downloaded to your computer and compared to your currently installed version. If a newer version is available, it will be downloaded and installed on your computer. You can turn off or configure updates in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Digital Rights Management
. Silverlight uses Microsoft Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology to help protect the rights of content owners. If you access DRM-protected content (such as music or video) with Silverlight, it will request media usage rights from a rights server on the Internet. In order to provide a seamless playback experience, you will not be prompted before Silverlight sends the request to the rights server. When requesting media usage rights, Silverlight will provide the rights server with an ID for the DRM-protected content file and basic data about your device, including data about the DRM components on your device such as their revision and security levels, and a unique identifier for your device.
DRM updates
. In some cases, accessing DRM-protected content will require an update to Silverlight or to the DRM components on your device. When you attempt to play content that requires a DRM update, Silverlight will send a request to a Microsoft server containing basic data about your device, including information about the DRM components on your computer such as their revision and security levels, troubleshooting data, and a unique identifier for your device. The Microsoft server uses this identifier to return a unique DRM update for your device, which will then be installed by Silverlight. You can turn off or configure DRM component updates on the
Playback
tab in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Back to top
Windows Mixed Reality
Windows Mixed Reality allows you to enable a virtual reality experience that immerses you in apps and games. Mixed Reality uses a compatible headset’s camera, microphone, and infrared sensors to enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay and to navigate apps and games.
Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Mixed Reality running on Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve Mixed Reality and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
Mixed Reality also processes and collects data specifically related to the Mixed Reality experiences, such as:
Mixed Reality maps distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you. If you are connected to the Internet, we collect those numeric values to enable and improve your experience.
Mixed Reality detects specific hand gestures intended to perform simple system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your PC and is not stored.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands to control games, apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
Windows Mixed Reality can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Back To Top
Sub-policy 7
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
PubMatic Platform Privacy Policy
This page is about the privacy practices on PubMatic’s Advertising Platform and the personal information it uses to deliver advertising and perform related activities.
Last Updated: November 21, 2024
PubMatic is an advertising technology company that provides a variety of online advertising-related services (see “
Who We Are
“). Any reference to
“you”, “your”, “user(s)”, “individual(s)”, “data subject(s)”,
implies the
“End User(s)”
who accesses websites, apps, or other digital properties that are being monetized through our Ad Services (defined below) so that we may deliver advertising and perform related activities (see “
About Us and Our Services
”). We want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and share personal information and how you can exercise the privacy rights and choices available to you. This privacy policy (“
Policy
” or the “
Platform Privacy Policy”
) covers the personal information that we may process about you. If you are interested in our corporate and website privacy policy, which governs the personal information PubMatic collects about individuals when they visit, use, or interact with: (i) www.pubmatic.com and other websites operated by us, including PubMatic’s Client interfaces (the “
Websites
”); (ii) our social media pages (our “
Social Media Pages
”) and (iii) our events, sales and marketing activities (collectively, “
PubMatic Properties
”), please review our
Website Privacy Policy
. If you are interested in our applicant privacy practices, please review our
Careers Privacy Policy
.
Your Privacy Choices
Please visit
https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/
to go directly to the interest-based advertising opt-outs we offer.
TABLE OF CONTENTS:
We recognize that reading and understanding privacy practices can be difficult and time-consuming. While we recommend that you read this document in its entirety, to make this process easier for you, we have taken steps to simplify it and provide the following quick links to make it easier to navigate.
WHO WE ARE
ABOUT US AND OUR AD SERVICES
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES & PRIVACY
AT A GLANCE
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES & PRIVACY – FULL POLICY
USER INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE THE USER INFORMATION
HOW WE DISCLOSE USER INFORMATION
YOUR CHOICES AND DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
YOUR DATA RIGHTS
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS SUBJECT TO STATE PRIVACY
LAWS
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR DATA SUBJECTS IN THE EEA, UK, AND
SWITZERLAND
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK
RETENTION OF USER INFORMATION
SECURITY
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
CONTACTING US
—
WHO WE ARE
Any reference to
“PubMatic
” “
we
”,
“us”
or “
our
” means PubMatic, Inc. and its global subsidiaries including, as of the effective date of this Platform Privacy Policy, PubMatic Limited, PubMatic GmbH, PubMatic India Private Limited, パブ ティック株式会社 (PubMatic KK), PubMatic Pte. Ltd. and 据翼软件科技有限公司 (PubMatic Software (Shanghai)) Limited.
To get in touch with us, please see the “
Contacting Us
” section of this document.
ABOUT US AND OUR AD SERVICES
PubMatic provides technology via our advertising platform (the “
Platform
”) and related advertising tools (collectively the “
Ad Services
”) that allow Publishers to make space on their websites, mobile apps, internet-connected or over-the-top TV (known as ‘CTV’ and ‘OTT TV,’ respectively), or other digital properties available to show ads in order to generate revenue (what the advertising industry refers to as a ‘Supply Side Platform’ or ‘SSP’) and buyers to purchase the available space to display ads on these digital properties. In this Policy, we refer to those involved in selling ad space collectively as “
Publishers
”, those looking to buy ad space collectively as “
Media Buyers
” (including, for example advertisers, ad agencies, Demand-Side partners) and Media Buyers and Publishers together as “
Clients.
” Our Ad Services help Clients display relevant online advertising to the End Users who interact with Publishers’ digital properties and engage in planning and measurement to understand how these ads perform. This Policy applies only when we act as a “data controller” and not when we are a processor or service provider acting on behalf of our Clients.
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES & PRIVACY
AT A GLANCE
This section serves as a summary of our personal information handling practices and does not replace our full Policy found below.
Please note the following terms that are used in this summary:
Pseudonymous user data
– personal data that can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without further technical processing or the use of additional data.
ID syncing
– the matching of two or more unique identifiers linked to the same individual.
Cookies and online identifiers
– cookies are small text files that are stored on a user’s browser; online identifiers are often used in lieu of cookies. Similar technologies such as pixels and web beacons, device fingerprinting technologies, local storage, and eTags (collectively
, ”Cookies”
) also allow access to, or storage of, information on a user’s browser or device. These technologies enable various online functionalities (including recognizing and tracking browsing behavior).
What We Do:
Provide Advertising technology for managing digital advertising campaigns and for monetizing digital properties.
User Information We Collect:
Pseudonymous User Information such as:
Unique online and device identifiers
Mobile device advertising identifiers
IP addresses
Browser and device information
Web browsing history from advertising impressions
Information about an individual’s engagement with ads
Information about an individual’s behavior on Digital Properties
Data We May Receive From Partners For Use in Connection With Our Ad
Services:
User Information such as:
Demographic data
Geolocation Information, including precise geolocation data
Obfuscated user identifiers such as hashed email addresses
Pseudonymous personal information (see “
User Information We Collect
” above)
ID Syncing data
How The Ad Services Collect Data:
Some of the ways our Ad Services collect User Information:
from Publishers passing us information so that we can help them monetize ad inventory space on their digital properties
from Clients uploading data onto our platform
from Clients using our technology (including Cookies) to gather data
through the process of serving ads (including how you interact with an ad)
Data Our Ad Services Do Not Collect:
PubMatic’s Ad Services do not collect directly identifiable personal information, including, for example:
PubMatic does not collect your email address
PubMatic does not collect your physical address
PubMatic does not collect your phone number
PubMatic does not collect your social security number
PubMatic does not collect your name
How We Use the Data We Collect:
The Ad Services processes the User Information we collect for advertising purposes, including:
Personalizing ads
Delivering ads
Limiting the number of times you see an ad (called “frequency capping”)
Measuring the effectiveness of ads and ad campaigns
Reporting on ad campaigns to our Clients
Maintaining records or transactions, user actions and conversions
Attributing purchases or other actions taken by a user to ads
Associating devices or identifiers that may be related to each other
Preventing malicious or fraudulent activity
Improving our Ad Services
Location based advertising
Service support and diagnostics
Administration of our business
How We Disclose the Data We Collect:
We disclose User Information that we collect to:
Media Buyers, as a way of informing them about the potential audience for their ads if they purchase a Publisher’s advertising inventory
Clients, to help them improve the effectiveness of their – and their client’s – ads
Service providers, Vendors, and Subprocessors
Where we think we’re required to by law or where we have determined that we need to
in order to defend or bring a legal claim.
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES &
PRIVACY – FULL POLICY
USER INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit or use a digital property that uses our technology, we (and our Clients) use and deploy Cookies to automatically collect certain information about you and your computer or other devices, such as your mobile device, CTV, or OTT TV device. While none of this technology provides us with directly identifiable information (meaning, it doesn’t include your name, clear text email address, phone number), it may be considered “
personal data
” or “
personal information”
in some jurisdictions. Altogether, the personal data or personal information discussed in this policy shall be “
User Information.
” PubMatic collects or assigns pseudonymous identifiers (“
Online Identifiers”)
to your browser or other devices to enable our Ad Services to determine within a reasonable level of confidence that a browser or device is the same with which our Ad Services have previously interacted. These identifiers include:
cookie IDs (a unique ID randomly assigned by PubMatic to a browser);
unique online IDs (“
UUID
”) created by identity providers and used by our Clients;
mobile advertising IDs (a unique ID assigned by the mobile operating system (e.g., Apple ID for Advertising or Android Advertising ID)); or
CTV or OTT TV device identifier for advertising (a unique ID assigned by the OTT or CTV publisher).
If we (or our Media Buyers) can identify a browser or device, it increases the value of that advertisement to provide more content for you to enjoy. To opt out of our use of such technologies for interest-based advertising purposes, please follow the instructions for opting out, as described in “
Your Opt-Out Choices
” below. See PubMatic’s
Platform Cookie and Other Similar Technologies Policy
for more information on how PubMatic uses cookies and other similar technologies.
Our Ad Services may also automatically collect the following information and associate it with one of the identifiers described above (also User Information:
Browser and Device Information
, such as the IP address you use to connect to an online service; device type and model; manufacturer; operating system type and version (e.g. iOS or Android); web browser type and version (e.g., Chrome or Safari); user-agent; carrier name; time zone; network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi or cellular); and information about our Publisher’s apps and versions currently active on a device.
Information about an End User’s behavior on our Publishers digital properties
(“
Behavioral Information
“), such as information about how you interact with the pages of those digital properties, session start/stop time, and precise geolocation (including latitude and longitude coordinates, but only if the Publisher’s digital property has enabled location services on the device and the End User has granted the Publisher permission to collect and share this information for advertising purposes).
Information about ads serviced, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether the End User interacted with the ad, the number of times an End User has seen the ad, and whether the End User visited the Media Buyer’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised (“
Ad Interaction
“).
Information about your location,
which we may derive from the approximate location of your device via your IP address (
“Geolocation Information”).
User Information we receive from third parties
We may also combine, merge and/or augment the User Information we collect about you with information received from Publishers and other Clients (such as our data providers) and may include:
Demographic or interest data, obfuscated user identifiers such as UUIDs, hashed email addresses and/or hashed phone numbers, and content viewed (“
Partner Provided Information
“). We do not intentionally collect or process sensitive User Information (e.g., social security numbers) and attempt to prohibit our Clients and partners from passing any such information to PubMatic.
Precise geolocation information collected through Digital Properties. We will not use precise geolocation information for interest-based advertising without your opt-in consent (“
Geolocation”).
We use this Geolocation to derive regions for ad performance reporting.
We work with Clients to help create or obtain groupings of End Users by one or more attributes (e.g., ‘cycling enthusiast’) for advertising purposes (“
Audience Segments”)
.
HOW WE USE THE USER INFORMATION
We process and/or disclose User Information for various business purposes, including to provide the Ad Services and to operate our business. This section will describe those purposes in detail and includes our data processing practices.
Numerous states within the United States have enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require additional disclosures (“
State Privacy Laws
”). If you are a resident of one of these states, this section applies to you.
Likewise, those located in the EEA or UK are also afforded various rights, including additional disclosures (
“UK & Europe Privacy Laws
”). Under UK & Europe Privacy Laws, we have established a legal basis for processing your personal information. In most instances, consent is the basis for PubMatic’s processing of User Information. If you do not consent with respect to PubMatic’s SSP, PubMatic may still solicit bids for advertising to be displayed to you but will not process your personal information. In some circumstances we may rely on our legitimate interest to collect and use your personal information, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may use any of the data described in this Policy for the secondary purpose of detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing fraud, security, or technical issues, as well as to protect against harm to our rights, property, or safety, or that of the public. This is necessary for us to pursue our, your and our partners’ legitimate interests. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “
Contacting Us
” heading below. Please note that we take appropriate measures to ensure that any processing of User Information is done in accordance with applicable privacy laws and regulations, and with care for protecting your privacy and User Information.
Serve and Deliver Ads (Ad Services).
Generally, we process User Information to provide our products and services (including the Ad Services) as described in this Platform Privacy Policy. This is what allows Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their Digital Properties and Media Buyers to bid on and fill that inventory with relevant ads, as well as to determine inventory value and to inform bid decisions (i.e., whether to purchase an ad impression or not, for creating segments for End Users matching, targeting of lookalike audiences or retargeting users). For example, when a Publisher has potential ad inventory to offer, we will send a “bid request” to Media Buyers which includes the information detailed in this privacy policy so that Media Buyers can determine if they want to purchase the ad impression.
Ad Reporting.
Provide information and reports to Media Buyers about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their Digital Property (including whether an advertised app has been installed). This information is used to analyze an advertising campaign’s performance.
Frequency Capping.
Using information from our Ad Services to prevent seeing the same ad too many times.
Targeted Advertising.
The method by which we predict likely commercial interests (e.g., sports or travel) based on activities across websites, mobile apps, and other Digital Properties over time. We will also supplement User Information with additional information we receive from third parties, such as third-party advertising segments or audiences, to allow us to customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to End Users and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting exposure to less relevant ads).
Location Based Advertising.
Location-based advertising, services, and content delivered in real-time using your device’s physical location (where permitted by law).
ID Syncs.
We may disclose cookie values to other advertising technology platforms so that they may match their identifier to our identifier.
Fraud Detection & Prevention (Security).
Identify invalid ad impressions, clicks, installs, or ad queries, protect us and our Publishers from fraudulent behavior, and protect the security of the Ad Services.
Business Operations & Improving the Ad Services.
These purposes include several processing activities supporting our ability to run the business for our Clients, such as to:
Facilitate navigation, display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the Ad Services, as well as auditing, researching, and analyzing information to provide, protect, manage, and improve our Ad Services, develop new services, and ensure that our technologies function properly.
Calculate Ad Services usage levels, help diagnose server problems and administer the Ad Services.
Operate our business, such as billing, support, accounting, improving our internal operations, securing our systems, detecting fraudulent or illegal activity, and meeting our legal obligations.
We may disclose User Information to our service providers that store or process the User Information in furtherance of the services we offer via our Ad Services and on our behalf.
The following table illustrates the categories of User Information processed for each business purpose, the lawful basis under which we process User Information, and the categories of recipients of User Information where we engage third parties to augment our ability to provide the Ad Services.
Purpose of Use
Serve & Deliver Ads (Ad Services)
Ad Reporting
Frequency Capping
Targeted Advertising
Location Based Advertising
ID Syncs
Fraud Detection & Prevention (Security)
Business Operations & Improving the Ad Services
Categories of Personal Data
Online Identifiers
x
x
x
x
Demographic Information
x
x
x
Browser and Device Information
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
Behavioral Information
x
x
x
x
x
Ad Interaction
x
x
x
x
x
Partner Provided Information
x
x
x
Geolocation Information & Geolocation
x
x
x
x
Audience Segments
x
x
x
Lawful Basis (UK / EEA)
Consent
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Consent
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Legitimate Interest
Categories of Recipients
Affiliates
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
Clients
x
x
x
x
x
Attribution & Analytics Partners
x
x
x
x
Service Providers/
Sub processors & Consultants
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
We may disclose User Information in accordance with applicable laws, both within and outside of an individual’s country of residence for specific situations which include:
Where we need to comply with legal obligations or respond to requests from public and government authorities, even if they are outside your country of residence.
To enforce our terms and conditions, protect our operations or the operations of our affiliates, safeguard our rights, privacy, safety, or property, as well as the rights, privacy, safety, or property of our affiliates, you, or others;
When necessary to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; and
In connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change.
Cross-device and Cross-app targeting
Cross-device and cross-app targeting are strategies employed in digital advertising to effectively connect and interact with individuals across multiple devices and different mobile applications. These strategies aim to enhance the advertising experience by delivering more relevant and personalized ads to you, regardless of the devices or mobile apps you use.
Our Publishers, Media Buyers, and Clients may use information that we share with them to establish connections among related devices (such as smartphones, tablets, and computers) for targeted advertising, analytics, and reporting purposes. They may create a match between your devices if you log into the same online service on multiple devices or web browsers, or if your devices share similar attributes that support an inference that they are used by you or someone in your household. For example, Media Buyers may deliver ads on a tablet based on activities you engaged in on your smartphone. To opt out of cross-device targeting practices, please follow the instructions located at “
Opting Out of Cross-Device Targeting
.”
Our Publishers and Clients also may use information about your activity across multiple, unaffiliated third-party mobile applications for targeted advertising, analytics, and reporting purposes. For example, if you use a travel app, these third parties may display travel-related ads to you on other, unrelated apps.
To opt out of cross-app targeting practices, please follow the instructions located at “
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising for Mobile Advertising Identifiers
” in the “
Your Privacy Choices
” section of the
Opt Out webpage
.
HOW WE DISCLOSE USER INFORMATION
Because of the role that PubMatic plays in the advertising ecosystem, many of the use cases described above involve a transfer of data to third parties – often to a Publisher or a Media Buyer. For example, when a Publisher works with us to fill an ad on one of their digital properties, we share information with Media Buyers so that they can determine whether they want to show an ad on that property, how much they want to spend on that ad impression, and what ad to show. More detail on these disclosures is provided below. For the purposes described in this Policy, we share your User Information with the following categories of recipients:
Our affiliates
: We may disclose your information to our affiliates (see “
Who We Are
“) who provide data processing and business administration support for the purposes described in this Policy. PubMatic, Inc., is the party responsible for the management of your User Information jointly used by it and its affiliates.
Third party service providers and partners
: We may disclose your information to our third party service providers and partners who provide data processing services to support the delivery of our Ad Services, or who have a key function in the online advertising ecosystem and with whom it is necessary for PubMatic to exchange information in order to deliver the Ad Services, in each case for purposes described in this Policy.
The following table lists the main categories third party service providers we engage to process your User Information and partners with whom information is exchanged, the nature of the services or role they provide, and the types of User Information they receive in order to provide these services / fulfill their role.
Category of Service Provider or Partner
Nature of Services / Information Sharing
User Information
Publishers
We may disclose data collected through our Ad Services to our Publishers to allow them to analyse the effectiveness and performance of our Ad Services and to offer targeted ad inventory to our Media Buyer Clients.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
Media Buyers
We may share data we collect in connection with our Ad Services with our Media Buyer Clients for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention. This data is also allows them to make decisions regarding buying advertising inventory on Publishers’ Digital Properties and other websites and applications; to analyze the effectiveness and performance of their advertising campaigns via our services; and to enable our Media Buyer Clients to provide you with more personalized content.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Partner Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data; Business Administration Information.
Other Clients
We may share certain data we collect in connection with our Ad Services with brands, agencies and other interested third parties to help them better identify and validate commercial opportunities, promote transparency, and protect against fraud.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Publisher Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
Attribution and Analytics Partners
We may share data (such as cookie ID, mobile device ID, or other unique identifier) with our (or our Publisher or Media Buyer’s) attribution and analytics partners to validate and measure the success and effectiveness of ads delivered via the Platform.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Partner Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
IT service providers
IT service providers work on behalf of or with us to allow us to operate the Ad Services, and typically provide services such as data storage, data processing services, hosting services, and technical support.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Publisher Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
Professional service providers
Professional service providers may be persons, companies or professional firms providing us with advice and consulting in areas such as lead management, campaign management, legal services, accountancy services, and fraud prevention.
Potentially all data types.
Other third parties
:
Buyers of some or part of our business
: We may share your information with a third party in the event of a contemplated or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
For legal purposes
: We may share your information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with subpoenas, warrants, or other legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
With consent
: We may disclose an individual’s information to others with the individual’s consent to such disclosure.
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND DATA RIGHTS
Your Privacy Choices
Cookies
To opt out of receiving advertising targeted to your interests (including retargeting) from our Ad Services through the use of cookies in your current browser, and for more information on what it means to opt out, please go to
https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/
. Your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only; therefore, you will need to renew your opt-out choice if you use a new device or browser, or if you clear your browser’s cookies. See PubMatic’s
Ad Services or “Platform Cookie Policy”
for more information on how PubMatic uses cookies and other similar technologies.
Mobile Apps
Your device may also include a feature that allows you to opt in to or out of having certain information collected through mobile apps used for targeted advertising purposes.
Connected TVs
Our Clients and partners may display interest-based advertising on CTVs (also known as smart TVs or connected devices), based on your use of CTVs over time and across non-affiliated CTV apps. To learn more about these practices and how to opt out, please review your connect TV’s settings menu and visit
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
Industry Opt Outs
We are a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). We also adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and Multi-Site Data, the Application of Self-Regulatory Principles to the Mobile Environment, and the Application of the DAA Principles of Transparency and Control to Data Used Across Devices. PubMatic also adheres to the Interactive Advertising Bureau (“IAB”) Code of Conduct, and actively participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework (TCF 2). We comply with IAB’s Specifications and Policies under vendor identification number 76. Please visit
optout. networkadvertising.org
, or
optout.aboutads.info
to learn how to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about your online activities over time and across multiple third-party websites, online services, devices, or applications for interest-based advertising purposes.
Some of our Publishers have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their sites, which you should review if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a particular company.
Your Data Rights
Individuals may be entitled to exercise certain data subject rights available under applicable laws. These rights may include the right to request access to User Information we hold. Individuals may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, processing of User Information, such as profiling we perform for the purpose of interest-based advertising. Individuals may also have the right to ask that User Information be corrected, erased, or transferred to another party. Where we have asked for consent to process data, consent may be withdrawn.
To make a request to exercise your data rights with respect to your User Information, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
. We will take steps to verify your request, such as by asking you to provide confirmation that you control the device to which the request relates. We reserve the right to confirm your residence to accurately process your request and will need to confirm your identity to process your requests to exercise your right to know/access, delete, and correct. This is a security measure to, for example, help ensure we do not disclose information to a person who is not entitled to receive it. The identity verification process may vary depending on how you submit your request. We will only ask for information that we process to verify your identity, such as a cookie ID or mobile advertising ID.
Appeals
If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us at pubmaticprivacy[at]pubmatic[.]com. If you have concerns about the result of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Authorized Agents
If you are submitting a rights request as an authorized agent, you are required to submit proof of your identity, and proof of authorization to make the request, such as a valid power of attorney or signed permission from the individual who is the subject of the request. In some cases, we may ask the individual to confirm they have given you permission to make the request. Please be advised that we cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request for an individual, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
.
Nondiscrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS SUBJECT TO STATE PRIVACY LAWS
Depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to request access to, or deletion or correction of, your User Information. To make such a request with respect to your User Information, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
. We will take steps to verify your request, such as by asking you to provide confirmation that you control the device to which the request relates.
Personal Information that May Be “Shared,” “Sold,” or processed for “Targeted Advertising” & Your Opt-Out Rights under State Privacy Laws
As described in this Platform Privacy Policy, we process information to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes, including to build interest segments. Some of these activities may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information or using your information for purposes of “targeted advertising” under certain State Privacy Laws. We do not knowingly sell or share personal information about consumers under the age of 18.
If you reside in California, you may also opt out of web-based sales and sharing via our browser cookie by visiting the digital properties of our Clients with a legally-recognized opt-out preference signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers (such as cookie IDs and device and advertising IDs)
Demographic information (such as age and gender)
Commercial information (such as apps you download, purchases you make, and other conversion activities)
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as Publishers’ digital properties that you visit and ads you click on)
Geolocation information, (such as inferred location based on IP address or other types of information that may include precise geolocation information)
Inferences (such as interests associated with a cookie ID based on Publisher digital properties you visit)
Our Clients
Third party data partners
Other Publishers and advertising intermediaries
Please visit
CCPA Privacy Policy
to review our CPRA and Data Broker Metrics
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR DATA SUBJECTS IN THE EEA, UK, AND SWITZERLAND
Depending on your location, you may have data subject rights (“
DSR
”s) described in the “
Your Data Rights
” section above; these rights are applicable, for example, to individuals located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA”
), United Kingdom (“
UK”
) and Switzerland. In order to exercise your rights under applicable laws, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
, which includes instructions for how to submit a request and details regarding our process for responding to requests.
If we have collected and processed your User Information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your User Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
If you are located in the EEA or the UK, you may also have the right to
complain to a Data Protection Authority
about our collection and use of your User Information. For more information, please contact your local Data Protection Authority.
EEA
Data Protection Authority member list
UK
Information Commissioner’s Office
Please note that because most of the personal information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot directly identify you personally, you may need to provide us with additional information to enable us to identify the User Information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfill your request and do not infringe on the privacy rights of other individuals.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSERS
In connection with the PubMatic Properties and Ad Services, your User Information may be transferred to, and processed by PubMatic, its service providers, and partners in countries other than the country in which you are resident, including in the United States, India, and other locations where we have offices or employees (please see our
Locations
page for a full list) or engage service providers or our partners. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country of residence and may not provide the same level of protection as your jurisdiction. Regardless of where your data is located, PubMatic shall process your User Information in accordance with this Platform Privacy Policy.
If you are located in the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we will protect your User Information when it is transferred outside of your jurisdiction by (i) processing it in compliance with the Data-Privacy Framework (as applicable, defined below); (ii) processing it in a territory that provides an adequate level of protection for User Informationbased on the receiving country’s data protection laws; or (iii) to the extent that the Data Privacy Framework is unavailable and the recipient country has not been deemed to provide adequate protection, implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your User Information, such as requiring the recipient to comply with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses, or another lawful and approved transfer mechanism. Where we transfer User Information originating in the EEA, UK or Switzerland pursuant to a contract incorporating the EU Standard Contractual Clauses or another lawful and approved transfer mechanism, you may request a copy of such transfer mechanism (subject to the removal of confidential or commercially sensitive information).
DATA-PRIVACY FRAMEWORK
PubMatic, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF”
), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF”
) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (together, referred to herein as the “
Data Privacy Framework”
). PubMatic, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regards to the processing of User Information received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. PubMatic, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regards to the processing of User Information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Further, PubMatic is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the EU-U.S. DPF, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. PubMatic complies with EU-U.S. DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Platform Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over PubMatic, Inc’s compliance with the Data Privacy Framework. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose User Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, PubMatic, Inc. commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of User Information received in reliance on EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF with our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]pubmatic[.]com. Additionally, PubMatic commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge), TRUSTe. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, or we are not able to resolve the issue, individuals have the right to lodge a complaint with their local data privacy authority. For contact details of local Data Protection Authorities, please visit the European Data Protection Board member list (
https://www.edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
) or the UK data protection regulator (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
).
PubMatic GmbH acts as our EU Representative. If you wish to exercise your rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) or have any queries in relation to your rights or general privacy matters, please write to: Attn: EEA Representative, PubMatic GmbH, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN Amsterdam Netherlands.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
RETENTION OF USER INFORMATION
We will retain User Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose of collection, including for the purposes of satisfying any business, legal, regulatory, accounting, or reporting requirements; to establish and defend legal claims; for fraud prevention purposes; or as long as required to meet our legal obligations. To determine the appropriate retention period for User Information, we consider the volume, nature, and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of that data, the purposes for which we process the data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, along with any applicable legal requirements.
The following represents the retention periods of User Information, by data type. For clarity, we will revise these periods as required or permitted by law.
USER INFORMATION
RETENTION PERIOD
Pseudonymous and/or obfuscated identifiers (e.g., Cookies, unique online IDs, mobile device advertising IDs, CTV/OTT ID, IP address, browser and/or device information, hashed emails, ID Syncing data); and Geolocation data)
20 days
Information linked to pseudonymous identifiers (e.g., web browsing history from advertising impressions; ad engagement statistics; digital property engagement analytics; and demographic data)
120 days
Personal data created through our processing (e.g., audience segmentation)
90 days
SECURITY
We use reasonable organizational, technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect the User Information we collect and process. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing User Information If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We will review and update this Policy periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision at the top of this Policy. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will post the revised Policy on our website and may take additional measures to inform you about such changes prior to such changes taking effect. We encourage you to review this Policy frequently.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Platform Privacy Policy or PubMatic’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at pubmaticprivacy[at]pubmatic[.]com, or by mail using the details provided below.
Please note that email communications are not always secure, so please do not include sensitive information in your emails to us.
Residents outside the European Economic Area (EEA):
PubMatic, Inc. c/o Privacy
601 Marshall Street
Redwood City, California 94063, USA
European Economic Area (EEA), and Swiss Residents:
Attn: EEA Representative
PubMatic GmbH
Barbara Strozzilaan 101
1083 HN Amsterdam, Netherlands
UK Residents:
Attn: UK Representative
PubMatic Limited
18 – 22 Stoney Lane
Yardley, Birmingham B25 8YP, England
To comply with our obligations under EU/ UK data protection legislation, we have appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO). Our DPO is contactable at dpo[at]pubmatic[.]com or by mail using the details provided above. Who is the controller of my data? For the purposes of EU/UK data protection legislation, PubMatic, Inc is the controller of your User Information.
About Cookies On This Site
We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
to learn more or manage your personal preferences in our
Cookie Consent Tool
. By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Decline
Accept
Options
Sub-policy 8
https://www.primis.tech/privacy-policy/:
This website stores cookies that are used to collect information about how you interact with our website. To find out more, see our
Cookie Policy
.
Accept
Skip to content
PRIMIS PRIVACY NOTICE
Recently Updated: July 26, 2023
PRIMIS PRIVACY NOTICE
CCPA PRIVACY NOTICE
COLORADO PRIVACY NOTICE
VIRGINIA PRIVACY NOTICE
CONNETICUT PRIVACY NOTICE
UTAH PRIVACY NOTICE
NEVADA PRIVACY NOTICE
USER PRIVACY RIGHTS POLICY
PRIMIS COOKIE POLICY
DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
REQUEST FORM
This Privacy Notice (“
Privacy
Notice
”) sets out how M.D. Primis Technologies Ltd., previously known
as
McCann Disciplines Ltd., (“
Primis
”, “
we
”, “
our
”) governs the processing and transfer of data collected in connection with our websites, available at:
www.primis.tech
,
(each a “
Website
” and together the “Websites”) analytics tools, sites, platforms, as well as data that is otherwise processed by us through other technical applications that we may provide through our customers and third-party websites
(
collectively, “
Services
”), to each person accessing or using the Websites and/or the Services, including our Partners and End-Users (the “
User
” or “
you
”).
This Privacy Notice is an integral part of our
Publisher Terms and Conditions and Website Terms and Conditions as applicable
, which can be found at:
https://www.primis.tech/publishing-agreement-general-tc/
and
https://sellers.guide/terms
(together the “
Terms
”). Please note that if you are an End-User (as defined below) the Terms may not be applicable to you, thus only this Privacy Notice shall apply to you.
Primis’s Services, provided by Primis, include (i) an online platform enabling an advertiser (“
Advertiser
”) to display advertisements and marketing materials by video to End-Users who use or otherwise interact with certain web-pages owned by publishers we engaged with (respectively, “
End-Users
”, and “
Publishers
”); (ii) and online search engine which help publishers and buyers gain insight into the authenticity of the parties who mediate between them.
We may process data collected through the Websites and/or Services in various ways, depending on whether: (i) you are an Advertiser, Publisher or other content provider with whom Primis has a contractual relationship (“
Partner
(s)”); (ii) you are a visitor of our Websites; or (iii) you are an End-User using or visiting our Partners websites or platforms.
This Privacy Notice explains what data we may collect from you, how such data may be used or shared with others, how we safeguard it and how you may exercise your rights associated with your Personal Data (as defined below), including, where applicable, as required under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (as amended by Law No. 13,853/2019) (“
LGPD
“),  the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and additional US data protection laws as detailed below.
You may not use the Services or the Websites or submit any data through them if you do not agree to any of the terms hereunder. This Privacy Notice shall not be construed in any manner to derogate from the Terms or any other agreement or understanding between Primis and you.
Please note, that the Websites and/or Services may contain links to other websites, products or services offered by third parties, which are not governed by this Privacy Notice. This Privacy Notice does not apply to the practices of entities which are not controlled by Primis.
If you are a Partner, please note that additional terms may be applicable to you in connection with the processing of Personal Data by you regarding your users and customers, as further specified in the relevant Data Processing Agreement.
1. Contact Details of the Controller
Primis is considered as the “
Data Controller
” of the Personal Data we collect from our Websites visitors and Partners directly, as further detailed below. As with respect to Personal Data we collect regarding our End Users we act as a
Data Processor
. Even as a Processor, we will assist our Partners, the Data Controllers to comply with applicable laws and respect your rights.
M.D. Primis Technologies Ltd
, at 2 Raoul Wallenberg St., Tel Aviv, 6971902 Israel
You may contact us and our
privacy team
by email:
privacy@primis.tech
M.D. Primis Technologies Ltd participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. operates Consent Management Platform with the identification number 228
2. What is Personal Data, and What kinds of Personal Data does Primis collect and process?
“
Personal Data
” means any information which identifies or can be used to identify a natural person, including, but not limited to, first and last name, phone number, email address, IP address, billing information, etc.
“
Non-Personal Data
” means non-identifiable information, for example we may collect information regarding Users concerning their use of the Websites and Services, such as the scope, frequency, latency, pages accessed, what and when a User views or interacts with content and materials displayed through our Services, device specifications, and other technical information regarding the device used to access the Services, such as model, operating system, etc.
We collect certain information about you and your use of the Websites and Services, including information we collect from you directly (
e.g.
when you contact us directly we will collect your contact details) and information we collect about you from others (
e.g.
certain cookies of third parties (please see below for more information about cookies)). Such information may include Personal Data and Non-Personal Data.
We use the data collected from Users for the specific purposes listed in the table below. Please note that this table explains:
The
types
of Personal Data and Non-Personal Data we collect from Users; and
The
legal basis
for processing your Personal Data, linked to each processing
purpose
;
Data Sets
Purpose of Processing
Legal Basis
Partners’ Registration
When you register for one of our Services or request a demo, you will be requested to provide certain Personal Data, such as your full name, e-mail address, your company’s name, phone number, country of residence, your industry role (publisher, advertiser or other), and your website’s URL.
To administer our relationship with you, provide services and ensure the billing of any procured Services by you and obtain payment.
We may also use such Personal Data to send you emails or other messages about us or regarding our Services. You can remove your Personal Data from our mailing list and stop receiving promotional communications from us by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at privacy@primis.tech.
Performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract.
With respect to our promotional communications with you – our legitimate interests.
Contact Details
If you voluntarily contact us in any manner, or for any requests or to notify us about something, you may be required to provide us with certain information such as your name and email address which we will then process.
We will collect, store and use your contact details only in order to respond to you, provide you with support and assist you or provide you with any other service that you may request.
We process such Contact Information subject to our legitimate interest in order to respond to your inquiry.
Technical Data
We may collect “technical data” from you. This information includes the type of device, operating system and browsers you use, the time and date you accessed the website, User’s actions (i.e. regarding the User’s viewing of and interaction with the Websites, including the web pages the user visited and clickstream), your approximate geographical location, and any redirecting URLs.
We collect this data solely in order to operate, provide, maintain, protect, manage, customize and improve our Websites.
Career
In the event that you are interested in joining our team, and wish to submit your CV, you will be required to provide us with your full name, phone number, email address and submit your CV.
We collect, store and review this data in order to process your job application, including assessing suitability, eligibility and/or fitness to work.
Our legitimate interests.
Commercial materials and newsletters
If you sign up to receive our newsletter or other marketing materials, you will be requested to provide your email address
.
We will use this data solely to send the newsletter and other requested marketing materials.
User’s active consent, as demonstrated by User’s voluntary registration to receive commercial materials and newsletters.
Data Regarding End-Users
When you use the Services as an End-User of our Partners (e.g. when you visit certain websites that we have placed our Services on) we may use cookiesor other similar technologies as detailed in our Cookies Policy, and we use certain online identifiers to collect certain information, such as session duration, page impressions, Internet protocol (IP) address, the domain name that served you to access the Service, the geographic location of the computer system that you are using to log-in to, or access the Services, your advertising ID. With respect to the domain name, our system will only use it on real time to make a decision about the type of content to display to you. Such information shall be attributed to a general user ID that we generate for each User on the system and is a completely random identifier.
We also collect data about End-users’ access and use of advertisements that our Partners embed on their websites through the use of the Services, and the redirection of end-users from such advertisements to the Advertisers’ websites and web pages.
To provide our Services to our Partners.
To operate, provide, maintain, protect, manage, and improve the Services.
Performing research, as well as for analytical and statistical purposes.
To audit and track usage statistics and traffic flow, audit our affiliates, calculate payments, detect fraud, for security or technical reasons in connection with the Websites and the Services.
We use the End User Data on behalf of our Partners to provide our Partners with reports on how the end user interacts with the ads, to identify the end users’ preference, to ensure the end user is real and not fraud, to enable personalized ads display.
Primis processes the End User Data for the following purpose:
Store and/or access information on a device
that allows us to recognize the End User each time it interacts or connects with our Partner’s assets (i.e. app or to a website), for one or several of the purposes presented here.
Use limited data to select advertising
such as the End User’s website or app, non-precise location, device type or the content such End User is (or has been) interacting with.
Create and improve End User’s profiles
for presenting End-Users with more relevant advertising based on their possible interests.
provide End Users with personalized advertising
based on the profile detailed above in order to
.
Create profiles for personalized advertising
by combining the data we collect with other information about the end user or similar user
Use profiles to select personalized content
presented to the End User based on the End User personalized profile, by among others adapting the order in which content is shown to you
Measure advertising performance
based on the End-User’s interaction with such ad (i.e. Saw the ad, clicked and etc) which allows our partners to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns
Measure content performance
and your interaction with the content presented to you used to determines whether the content matched your interests
Deliver and present advertising and content
, Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix error
in order to ensure that systems and processes work properly and securely
We do not knowingly collect or process any Special Categories of Personal Data (as defined in the GDPR) or Sensitive Personal Data (as defined under the LGPD). Please contact us immediately in the event you become aware of the fact that such data has been posted to the Websites or collected or processed by us.
With to the GDPR, we act as a Processor of certain Personal Data, such as End-Users’ IP address and other online identifiers, on behalf of our Partners. We are also a Controller of certain Personal Data, such as our Partner’s data, or if individuals contact us or use our Websites.
Please note that, the actual
processing operation
per each purpose of use and lawful basis detailed in the table above, may differ. Such processing operation usually includes set of operations, made by automated means, such as collection, storage, use, disclosure by transmission, erasure or destruction. Transfer of personal data to third party countries as further detailed in the Data Transfer section is based on the same lawful basis as stipulated in the table above.
In addition, we may use certain Personal Data to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of the Services and to enforce the Terms, as well as to protect the security or integrity of our databases and the Services, and to take precautions against legal liability. Such processing is based on out legitimate interests.
3. Our Legitimate Interest Claim (Disclosure As Required By Tcf 2.2):
We would like to provide clarity on our involvement in the processing of End User Data, as this plays a crucial role in the services that we offer to our Partners. The usual practice involves us, or our partners, serving advertisements tailored to your preferences and interests. This approach employs cross-contextual, interest-based methods and is rooted in the consent for processing Personal Data, as outlined in the table above. This consent is also communicated to our partners to guide their actions. However, in certain situations, we use data – including Personal Data like Online Identifiers – to refine our services or to technically facilitate the delivery of advertisements. During these instances, the processing is based on our legitimate interest, a key factor in ensuring our platform and services remain operational and effective. End Users should anticipate this kind of processing. We are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy rights, a factor we deem to be of paramount importance. We consistently adhere to rigorous privacy standards and regulations. Moreover, we maintain an open dialogue about our data processing activities and equip you with the necessary tools to manage your preferences and opt-out if desired. We would also like to emphasize that we conduct an in-depth balancing test. This is to ensure our legitimate interest doesn’t infringe excessively on your rights and freedoms, maintaining an equilibrium that respects all parties involved.
4.    How We Collect Information
Depending on the nature of your interaction with the Website and Services, we may collect information either automatically or voluntarily provided by you or the Partners.
Automatically
– we may use cookies (as elaborated in the section below) or similar tracking technologies in connection with our Site.  The way in which we, and third parties placing cookies in connection with the Services, use cookies and collect data, is explained in our
Cookie Policy
. We further automatically process and collect the End-User on behalf of the Partner.
Provided by you voluntarily
– we will collect information if and when you choose to provide us with the information, such as through a physical agreement, contact us communications, etc. all as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
Provided by our Partners and Cookie Management Platforms implemented in our Partner’s assets.
5.    Cookies
We use data files such as cookies, pixel tags, “Flash cookies,” or other local storage files provided by your browser or associated applications (“
Cookies
”). We use these technologies in order to recognize you as an End-User; customize our Services, content, and advertising; measure promotional effectiveness; help ensure that your account security is not compromised; mitigate risk and prevent fraud; and to promote trust and safety across our Websites and Services. For more information please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
In addition, every user that interacts with our Services will be assigned with a unique ID. We use the unique ID similar to how we use cookies, for marketing purposes and in order to customize the Service and content as well as enhance your experience.
6. Will Primis Share My Personal Data with Others?
Non-Personal Data, aggregate and statistical or otherwise anonymized data may be shared without limitation with third parties at our discretion. This information does not contain Personal Data and is used to develop content and services for our Users and clients. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Websites and/or Services. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please press
here
and
here
in order to opt-out.
We share Personal Data only under the following limited circumstances:
For personalizing your experience in the Services, including by way of targeted advertising on the Websites we may share the Data Regarding End-Users with our Partners which use our Services and implemented on their websites and platforms our solution. In addition, we may provide our Partners with insights and reports that include information on the ad campaigns and how effective such campaign was.
We may disclose all of the data we collect with trusted partners and third parties who assist us in operating the Services and conducting our business, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, account maintenance, marketing and technology services.
We may share your Personal Data with a parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us (“
Affiliated Companies
”) solely if and when applicable or necessary. In addition, we may share information, in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g. sale, merger, consolidation, etc.), provided however, that our Affiliated Companies or acquiring company will be subject to the obligations detailed herein with respect to your Personal Data.
To comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of others, to protect the security or integrity of our databases or the Services, to take precautions against legal liability, or in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event.
Other third parties with your consent or direction to do so.
7.    What User Rights am I entitled to?
You may have certain rights regarding the Personal Data that Primis has collected about you, note, we provide all individuals, regardless of where you are based, the same opportunity to exercise your rights.
Since different Users have different privacy rights under applicable laws, we provide you with the ability to exercise certain choices, rights and controls in connection with your data, depending on your relationship with us and the applicable laws. For instance, if you are a visitor of our Websites, a Partner or an End-User, you may be entitled to different rights under applicable data protection and privacy laws, including (and depending on your jurisdiction):
The right to access Personal Data that we process about you;
The right to ensure your Personal Data is accurate, complete and up to date;
The right to ask that we delete your Personal Data (to the extent practical and applicable);
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data, to the extent applicable;
The right to request the portability of your Personal Data;
The right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority or national authority;
The right to withdraw consent, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice;
The right to not be discriminated against when you request to exercise your rights;
The right to submit an opt-out (e.g. “do not sell”) request, where applicable;
The right to anonymize, block, or delete unnecessary or excessive processing of Personal Data or Personal Data that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;
The right to receive information regarding the public and private entities with which we have shared your Personal Data with; and
The right to receive information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial.
We provide you with the ability to exercise your rights, depending on your relationship with us. You may exercise any or all of your above rights in relation to your Personal Data by filling out the Data Subject Request (“
DSR
”) form available
here
and send it to us at:
privacy@primis.tech
.
We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any such information in accordance with applicable law.
8. OPT OUT OPTIONS
Interest-Based Advertising (“
IBA
“): We do not sell your Personal Data. We may “share” your Personal Data with third parties for personalized advertising purposes. If you wish to opt-out from the sharing of your personal data with third parties for the purpose of cross-contextual interest-based advertising there are many way to do so, as further detailed below. Please note that even if you opt-out you may still see personalized ads based on information other companies and ad networks have collected about you, if you have not opted out of sharing with them.
For IBA opt out options on desktop and mobile websites, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance (US)
https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada)
https://youradchoices.ca/en/tools
Digital Advertising Alliance (EU)
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
Network Advertising Initiative
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
Further, on every webpage or app you browse there are “cookie settings” through which you may opt out. Additional information on opt-out rights and means are available through our
DSR form
.
9.    How long do we retain the data we collect and process for?
Basically, we only keep your data as long as required to fulfill the purpose for which the data was collected, or as we are required by law.
We retain the data we collect solely for as long as required to fulfil the purposes for which it was initially collected, or for longer periods in the event we are required to do so in order to comply with legal, tax and accounting requirements. In addition, we will retain information we believe is needed in order to protect our rights and interests in accordance with applicable laws. See the table below for additional information regarding our data retention policy for different types of Personal Data.
Type of Personal Data
Retention Period
“Contact Us”
communications
As long as needed to provide you with the Services you have requested and for longer periods in the event, we believe it is required in order to defend our rights and interests, subject to applicable laws.
Data regarding End Users
Where such data constitutes Personal Data, we will retain the data for the duration of the term of provision of our Services to our Partners, and in addition a reasonable term for the defense and assertion of legal claims.
Non-personal data may be retained indefinitely.
Email address for receiving Commercial materials and newsletters
Until the User has opted out of the service.
Career – C.V.
In the event the User has become an employee, for the duration of employment and in addition for as long as necessary for the defense and assertion of legal claims.
Technical Data
Technical data is retained in a manner which does not enable the identification of any individual, and may be retained indefinitely.
Customers Registration
Where such data constitutes Personal Data, we will retain the data for the duration of the term of the provision of our Services to our customers, and in addition a reasonable time for the defense and assertion of legal claims.
10.    Will Primis transfer my Personal Data internationally?
Our databases are currently located in the Netherlands and the U.S. Some of our processing activities are done in Israel. The European Commission has decided that the State of Israel ensures an adequate level of privacy and data protection, therefore, in accordance with the GDPR, the transfer of Personal Data from the EU to Israel is lawful and does not require any specific authorization.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) we will take appropriate measures to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of data protection upon its transfer outside of the EEA. If you are a resident of a jurisdiction where the transferring of your Personal Data requires your consent, then your consent to this Privacy Policy includes your express consent for such data transfer.
Please see below the table detailing the transfer of the data outside the EEA:
Transferred Entity
Data That Will Be Shared
Purpose Of Sharing
Publishers & Advertisers
End-User Data
To provide our Services to the Publishers and Advertisers
The Transferred Entity is required to secure the data and to use the data for pre-agreed purposes only, while ensuring compliance with all applicable data protection regulations. The Company and the Transferred Entity has engaged in the Module II of the Standard Contractual Clauses.
The transferred data shall be encrypted when transferred.
Cloud Service Provider
All data
AWS provide us with data storage and hosting services. Our servers are located in Netherlands and U.S.
Analytics Service Provider
Online Identifiers
Please see our
cookie policy.
Legal and law enforcement
Subject to law enforcement authority request.
we may disclose certain data to law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third parties, in response to a verified request relating to terror acts, criminal investigations or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other user to legal liability, and solely to the extent necessary to comply with such purpose.
11.    Will I receive promotional materials from Primis?
Primis may send you offers that may be of special interest to you via email or SMS. You may unsubscribe from receiving such communications at any time, by sending us a notification to:
privacy@primis.tech
, or following the instructions for unsubscribing that are included in such communications.
We may also engage with third parties to track and report performance of advertising and marketing campaigns to and from Primis and third party web sites. We may combine your information with information we collect from third parties and use it to improve and personalize our Services, content, and advertising.
12.    Persons under 16
Our Websites and/or Services are intended for a general audience, which is not directed to persons under 16 years old. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his/her child has provided us with Personal Data without their consent, he/she should contact us immediately. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from people under 16 years old. If we become aware that a person under 16 years old has provided us with Personal Data, we will delete such data from our databases.
13.    Amendments to this Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to periodically revise or update this Privacy Notice. Any modifications to this Privacy Notice will go into effect upon the publication of the revised Privacy Notice on our Websites. The last revision date will be reflected in the “
Recently Updated
” heading located at the top of the notice.
We will make a reasonable effort to provide notification in the event that we implement any amendments that substantially change our privacy practices. We recommend that you review this page periodically to ensure that you understand our privacy practices and to check for any amendments.
14.    Questions or Concerns Regarding Privacy
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy issues, please send us a detailed message to
privacy@primis.tech
, or via regular mail to: M.D. Primis Technologies Ltd, at 2 Raoul Wallenberg St., Tel Aviv, 6971902 Israel and we will make every effort to resolve your concerns without delay.
You may also be entitled to file a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority or national authority (depending on your jurisdiction) in connection with any concerns you may have with regards to your privacy.
CCPA PRIVACY NOTICE
[Recently Updated: January 23, 2023]
APPLICABILITY
:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020effective January 1, 2023 (“
CPRA
”), any other California privacy laws, and this CCPA Notice apply to visitors, employees, users, applicants for employment, and independent contractors, and others who are California residents (“
consumers
” or “
you
”). Any terms defined in the CCPA and CPRA have the same meaning when used in this CCPA Notice. This CCPA Notice applies to California residents’ Personal Information, which we collect directly or indirectly while using our Service or in order to provide our Services, or employee and business-to-business Personal Information.
This CCPA Notice is an integral part of our Privacy Policy, and thus, definitions used herein shall have the same meaning as defined in the
Privacy Notice
.
PART I: A COMPREHENSIVE DESCRIPTION OF THE INFORMATION PRACTICES:
(A) CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect Personal Information which is defined under the CCPA as any information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household or device, all as detailed in the table below.
Personal Information further includes Sensitive Personal Information (“
SPI
”) as detailed in the table below.
Personal Information does not include: Publicly available information that is lawfully made available from government records, that a consumer has otherwise made available to the public; De-identified or aggregated consumer information; Information excluded from the CCPA’s or CPRA’s scope, such as: Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPPA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA) and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We have collected the following categories of personal information within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Online identifier, unique online identifier, IP address, real name, email address, account name.
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Yes
: name.
C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
No
D.
Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
No
E.
Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, face prints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
: Browsing history, search history, access time and data, search queries within the App and directing URLs.
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location, approximate location derived from IP address or movements.
Yes:
Approximate location.
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
No
J.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
No
L.
Sensitive personal information.
Government-issued identifying numbers, financial account details, genetic data, precise geolocation, race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership, mail, email, text messages, biometric data, health data, and sexual orientation or sex life.
No
(B) CATEGORIES OF SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Directly and indirectly from activity on our website
: For example, directly from you when you inquire about our Services via our website, or indirectly, we collect your usage data automatically from measurement tools.
Directly from you
: For example, from forms you complete, contact us, etc.
Indirectly from you:
we track your activities across the internet, for example, when you view or interact with certain content, web page or ad.
From third-parties
: For example, from vendors who assist us in performing services for consumers, advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, social networks, and data brokers.
(C) USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use the Personal Information collected as identified above, for the following purposes: To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the Personal Information (support, respond to a query, review the CV considered for a job posting, evaluating your qualifications for that position, etc.); monitor and improve our Services; provide the Services; marketing our Services; analyzing our Services and your use of the Services and website; respond to law enforcement; or otherwise as detailed in our
Privacy Notice
.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the Personal Information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
(D) DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR A BUSINESS PURPOSE
We may disclose your Personal Information to a contractor or service provider for a business purpose. When we disclose Personal Information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract, we further restrict the contractor and service provider from selling or sharing your Personal Information. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose:
Category (corresponding with the table above)
Category of Recipient
Storage, hosting.
Category A
Category B
Cloud computing and storage vendors.
Online identifier, unique online identifier, IP address, real name, email address, account name.
Category F
Category G
Government Entities/Law Enforcement.
Operating the website and Services.
Operating systems.
Subject to a law request.
Category A
Category F
Category G
Data analysis providers.
Yes
Providing analytic data on the use of our website and Services. We limit the provider’s ability to share such information, as detailed above.
Category A
Category F
Category G
Programmatic systems.
Measurement and Reporting.
Category A
Category F
Category G
Marketing & promotions providers, CRM providers, social networks, advertising networks.
Marketing which is not cross-contextual, ad delivery.
Category A
Category F
Category G
Security and analytic service providers.
Debugging, security, fraud prevention
Category A
Category F
Category G
Service providers
Improving the Services, development and optimization.
Category A
Category B
Customer support providers. Affiliated companies.
Customer and technical support.
Category A
Category F
Category G
Partners
Reports on our Services
(E) SALE OR SHARE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we do not “sell” information as most people would commonly understand that term, we do not, and will not, disclose your Personal Information in direct exchange for money or some other form of payment.  We may “share” Personal Information for “interest-based advertising” or “cross-context behavioral advertising”. The CCPA defines “sharing” as “communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information” to “a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for money or other valuable consideration”. In other words, we may share your Personal Information with a third party to help serve personalized content or ads that may be more relevant to your interests, and to perform other advertising-related services such as enabling our partners to serve such personalized content.
Further, as we promote our Service through online campaigns, we place third-party marketing and analytic cookies on our website, sharing the unique identifier with such partners for analytic and marketing purposes may also fall under the definition or “share and sell” therefore, we offer the opportunity to opt-out as detailed below
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we “sell” or “share” the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose:
Category Recipient
Purpose of Sale or Share
Category A
Category F
Category G
Ad-network, Marketing Cookies, Analytic Cookies.
Share for cross-context behavioral advertising.
Category A
Marketing and Analytics service providers
Marketing and Analytics
(F) CHILDREN UNDER AGE 16
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16.
(G) DATA RETENTION
The retention periods are determined according to the following criteria:
For as long as it remains necessary in order to achieve the purpose for which the Personal Information was initially processed. For example: if you contacted us, we will retain your contact information at least until we will address your inquiry.
To comply with our regulatory obligations. For example: transactional data will be retained for up to seven years (or even more under certain circumstances) for compliance with our bookkeeping obligations purposes.
To resolve a claim we might have or a dispute with you, including any legal proceeding between us, until such dispute will be resolved, and following, if we find it necessary, in accordance with applicable statutory limitation periods.
Please note that except as required by applicable law, we will not be obligated to retain your data for any particular period, and we may delete it for any reason and at any time, without providing you with prior notice if our intention to do so.
Online identifiers are usually kept for a few days. Other information usually will not be retained for more than 24-months.
When we destroy your Personal Information, we do so in a way that prevents that information from being restored or reconstructed.
PART II: EXPLANATION OF YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE CCPA AND HOW TO EXERCISE THEM (H) YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE CCPA
If you are a California resident, you may exercise certain privacy rights related to your Personal Information. You may exercise these rights free of charge except as otherwise permitted under applicable law. We may limit our response to your exercise of these privacy rights as permitted under applicable law, all as detailed herein and the in the
Data Subject Request Form
California Privacy Right
Details
The right to know what Personal Information the business has collected.
The right to know what Personal Information the business has collected about the consumer, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing Personal Information, the categories of third parties to whom the business discloses Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information the business has collected about the consumer.
Non-personal data may be retained indefinitely.
Deletion Rights.
The right to delete Personal Information that the business has collected from the consumer, subject to certain exceptions
Correct Inaccurate Information
The right to correct inaccurate Personal Information that a business maintains about a consumer
Opt-Out of Sharing for Cross-Contextual Behavioral Advertising
You have the right to opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information for “cross-contextual behavioral advertising,” often referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “targeted advertising”.
Opt-out from selling
the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of Personal Information by the business
Limit the Use or Disclosure of SPI
Under certain circumstances, If the business uses or discloses SPI , the right to limit the use or disclosure of SPI by the business.
Opt-Out of the Use of Automated Decision Making
In certain circumstances, you have the right to opt-out of the use of automated decision making in relation to your Personal Information.
Non-Discrimination
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for the exercise of privacy rights conferred by the CCPA, including an employee’s, applicants, or independent contractor’s right not to be retaliated against for the exercise of their CCPA rights, denying a consumer goods or services, charging different prices or rates for goods or services, providing you a different level or quality of goods or services, etc. We may, however, charge different prices or rates, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to us by your Personal Information.
Data Portability
You may request to receive a copy of your Personal Information, including specific pieces of Personal Information, including, where applicable, to obtain a copy of the Personal Information you provided to us in a portable format.
(I) HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE THE RIGHTS?
As a third-party business, we do not have a direct interaction with the end-user, however we provide option to opt out of Sharing for Cross-Contextual Behavioral Advertising or Selling Personal Information by using the following opt-out options:
Use the “Do Not Sell or Share My Information” through the first-party business, i.e., through the cookie consent manager presented on the browser or app you are using.
To opt out of the sale or share of Personal Information, you may also directly opt out from third party retargeting cookies or other ad-technology trackers through self-regulatory services. For more information, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance (US)
HERE
Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada)
HERE
Digital Advertising Alliance (EU)
HERE
Network Advertising Initiative
HERE
You can also opt out of interest-based advertising with some of the service providers we use, such as Google
HERE
, Google Analytic
HERE
.
In addition, you may opt out from our Search Partners at the following links:
Microsoft (Bing):
Microsoft’s
opt out
information which will enable you to limit data collection by Microsoft is available
HERE
.
Oath (Yahoo):
Oath’s
opt out
information which will enable you to limit data collection by Oath is available
HERE
.
For further information about the opt out options, please visit our
Privacy Policy
.
California resident and wish to opt-out from having your data used for the Apps, you may exercise your right here:
https://optout.privacyrights.info/
.
Other rights may be exercised by using the
Data Subject Request Form,
the Instructions for submitting, the general description of the process, verification requirements, when applicable, including any information the consumer or employee must provide are all detailed in the
Data Subject Request Form.
(J) AUTHORIZED AGENTS
“Authorized agents” may submit opt out requests on a consumer’s behalf. If you have elected to use an authorized agent, or if you are an authorized agent who would like to submit requests on behalf of a consumer, the following procedures will be required prior to acceptance of any requests by an authorized agent on behalf of a California consumer. Usually, we will accept requests from qualified third parties on behalf of other consumers, regardless of either the consumer or the authorized agent’s state of residence, provided that the third party successfully completes the following qualification procedures:
a.When a consumer uses an authorized agent to submit a request to know or a request to delete, a business may require that the consumer do the following:
Provide the authorized agent signed permission to do so or power of attorney.
Verify their own identity directly with the business.
Directly confirm with the business that they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
b.
business may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not sub
(K) Notice of Financial Incentive
We do not offer financial incentives to consumers for providing Personal Information.
CONTACT US:
M.D. Primis Technologies Ltd. (Previously known as McCann Disciplines Ltd.)
M.D. Primis Technologies Tel Aviv, at 2 Raoul Wallenberg St., Tel Aviv, 6971902 Israel
privacy@primis.tech.
UPDATES:
This notice was last updated on December 14
th
, 2022. As required under the CCPA, we will
update
our Privacy Policy
every 12 months
. The last revision date will be reflected in the “Last Modified” heading at the top of this Privacy Policy.
PART III: OTHER CALIFORNIA OBLIGATIONS
Direct Marketing Requests:
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you, if you are a California resident, to request certain information regarding disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please use
Data Subject Request Form.
Do Not Track Settings:
Cal. Bus. And Prof. Code Section 22575 also requires us to notify you how we deal with the “Do Not Track” settings in your browser. As of the effective date listed above, there is no commonly accepted response for Do Not Track signals initiated by browsers. Therefore, we so not respond to the Do Not Track settings. Do Not Track is a privacy preference you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your web page visits tracked and collected across websites. For more details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit:
www.donottrack.us
.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83)
: permits employees that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal infor
mation to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send us the Data Subject Request Form.
NOTICE TO COLORADO RESIDENTS
Under the Colorado Privacy Act (“
CPA
”) if you are a resident of Colorado, acting
only
as an individual or household context (and
not
in a commercial or employment context, as a job applicant or as a beneficiary of someone acting in an employment context), your rights with respect to your personal data are described below.
“
Personal Data
” as defined in the CPA means: “
information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable individual”
and does
not
include any of the following:
publicly available information, de-identified or aggregated consumer, and information excluded from the CPA scope, such as: Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPPA) or 42 CFR Part 2- “Confidentiality Of Substance Use Disorder Patient Records”, Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994, Children’s Online Policy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, national Security Exchange Act of 1934, higher education data and employment data.
Sensitive Data
includes
(i)
racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life or sexual orientation;
(ii)
Genetic or biometric data that can be processed to uniquely identify an individual; or
(iii)
child data. We do not process or collect any sensitive data.
Section “
What kinds of Personal Data does Primis collect and process
” of the Privacy Policy, we describe our collection and processing of personal data, the categories of personal data that are collected or processed, and the purposes. Additionally, in Section “
Will Primis Share My Personal Data with Others
” details the categories of third-parties the controller shares for business purposes.
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER CPA
:
Herein below, we will detail how consumers can exercise their rights, and appeal such decision, or if Primis sells the personal data, or sells the personal data for advertising and how to opt-out.
Right to Access/ Right to Know
You have the right to confirm whether and know the Personal Data we collected on you
You can exercise your right by reviewing this Privacy Policy, in case you would like to receive the Personal Data please fill in this
form
to receive a copy of your data
Right to Correction
You have the right to correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data, taking into account the nature of the Personal Data and the purposes of the processing of your Personal Data.
You can exercise this right directly through your account or by filling in this
form
Right to Deletion
You have the right to delete the Personal Data, this right is not absolute and in certain circumstances we may deny such request. We may deny your deletion request, in full or in part, if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) for any of the following reasons:
(1)
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Data, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
(2)
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
(3)
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
(4)
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
(5)
Comply with the law or legal obligation;
(6)
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
(7)
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
(8)
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We will delete or de-identify personal information not subject to one of these exceptions from our records and will direct our processors to take similar action.
If you would like to delete your Personal Data please fill in this
form
You do not need to create an account with us to submit a request to know or delete.
Right to
Portability
You have the right to obtain the personal data in a portable, and to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
If you would like to receive the Personal Data please fill in this
form
to receive a copy of your data we will select a format to provide your Personal Data that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Right to opt out from selling Personal Data
Right to opt out from Targeted Advertising
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Data for the purposes of targeted advertising, sale to a third party for monetary gain, or for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you or any other consumer.
You may authorize another person acting on your behalf to opt out, including by broad technical tools, such as DAA, NAI, etc.
Primis does not sell your personal information, so we do not offer an opt out. Primis may “share” personal information with third parties for personalized advertising purposes. You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising on third party sites as detailed in Section
OPT OUT OPTIONS
.
To opt out from the use of cookies on our website, please click the “do not sell or share my personal information” in the footer of the website which will enable you to customize the use of cookies on our website.
Right to Appeal
If we decline to take action on your request, we shall so inform you without undue delay, within 45 days of receipt of your request. The notification will include a
justification
for declining to take action and instructions on
how you may appeal
.
If we deny the appeal, you may contact the Colorado Attorney General using this link:
https://coag.gov/office-sections/consumer-protection/
or (720) 508-6000.
Not more than 60 days after receipt of an
appeal
we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reason for the decisions.
Duty not to violet the existing laws against discrimination or non-discrimination
Such discrimination may include denying a good or service, providing a different level or quality of service, or charging different prices.
We do not discriminate our users.
HOW TO SUBMIT A REQUEST UNDER CPA?
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request to
know
or
delete
related to your Personal Data. If the
DSR
is submitted by someone other than the consumer about whom information is being requested, proof of authorization (such as power of attorney or probate documents) will be required.
We will respond to your request within 45 days after receipt of a verifiable Consumer Request and for no more than twice in a twelve-month period. We reserve the right to extend the response time by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary and provided consumer notification of the extension is made within the first 45 days. If we refuse to take action on a request, you
may appeal our decision
within a reasonable period time by contacting us at
privacy@primis.tech
and specifying you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint as follows: Colorado AG at
https://coag.gov/file-complaint/
If you have an account with us, we may deliver our written response to that account or via email at our sole discretion. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. You do not need to create an account for submitting a request.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
NOTICE TO VIRGINIA RESIDENTS
Under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, as amended (“
VCDPA
”) if you are a resident of Virginia acting in an individual or household context (and
not
in an employment or commercial context), you have the following rights with respect to your Personal Data.
“
Personal data
” means any information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable natural person. “Personal data” does
not
include de-identified data or publicly available information. Personal Data does not include de-identified data or publicly available data, and information excluded from the scope such as: HIPAA, GBPA, non-profit entities, higher education, employment data and FCRA, Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994, Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, Farm Credit Act.
The VCDPA requires
Primis
discloses the Categories of data processing and the purpose of each category, as detailed
in
Section “
What kinds of Personal Data does Primis collect and process
”
of the Privacy Policy, the categories of data shared and the third parties with whom it is shared, as detailed in
Section
‎
“
Will Primis Share My Personal Data with Others
”.
Disclosure of sale of data or targeted advertising are detailed in Section
OPT OUT OPTIONS
above, and in the
DSR Form
.
Further, the table above under Section  “
ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO COLORADO RESIDENTS
” details the rights you have under VCDPA and how you may exercise your rights.
HOW TO SUBMIT A REQUEST UNDER VCDPA?
We shall respond to your request within 45 days of receipt. We reserve the right to extend the response time by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary and provided consumer notification of the extension is made within the first 45 days. If we refuse to take action on a request, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period time by contacting us at
privacy@primis.tech
and specifying you wish to appeal.  Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint as follows: Virginia Attorney General at
https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumercomplaintform
We shall provide information in response to your request free of charge, up to twice annually, unless requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive. If we are unable to authenticate your request using commercially reasonable efforts, we may request additional information reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request. If we cannot authenticate you and your request we will not be able to grant your request.
NOTICE TO CONNECTICUT RESIDENTS
Under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Public Act. No. 22-14 (the “
CDPA
”) if you are a resident of Connecticut, acting in an individual or household context (and
not
in a commercial or employment context or as a representative of business, non-profit or governmental entity), your rights with respect to your personal data are described below.
“
Personal data
” means any information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable individual. It does
not
include de-identified data or publicly available information. If further does not include
information excluded from the scope such as: HIPAA, GBPA, non-profit entities, higher education, employment data and FCRA, Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994, Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, Farm Credit Act.
The categories of personal data processed, purpose of processing, are detailed in
Section “
What kinds of Personal Data does Primis collect and process
”,
categories of personal data shared with third parties, categories of third parties with whom data is shared, are
detailed in
Section “
Will Primis Share My Personal Data with Others
”.
Disclosure of sale of data or targeted advertising are detailed in Section
OPT OUT OPTIONS
above, and in the
DSR Form
.
Instructions on how to exercise your rights are detailed in the table above under Section
‎
“
ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO COLORADO RESIDENTS
” details the rights you have under CDPA and how you may exercise your rights.
HOW TO SUBMIT A REQUEST UNDER CDPA?
We shall respond to your request within 45 days of receipt. The response period may be extended once by 45 additional days when reasonably necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of requests and we inform you of such extension within the initial 45 day response period, together with the reason for the extension.
If we decline to take action on your request, we shall so inform you without undue delay, within 45 days of receipt of your request. The notification will include a justification for declining to take action and instructions on how you may appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to the Connecticut Attorney General at link:
https://www.dir.ct.gov/ag/complaint/
or (860) 808-5318.
We shall provide information in response to your request free of charge, up to twice annually, unless requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive. If we are unable to authenticate your request using commercially reasonable efforts, we may request additional information reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request. If we cannot authenticate you and your request, we will not be able to grant your request.
NOTICE TO UTAH RESIDENTS
Under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (the “
UCPA
”) if you are a resident of Utah, acting in an individual or household context (and
not
in a commercial or employment context) your rights with respect to your personal data are described below. “
Personal Data
” refers that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identifiable individual, and does not include de-identified data and publicly available data.
The categories of personal data processed, purpose of processing, are detailed in
Section “
What kinds of Personal Data does Primis collect and process
”,
categories of personal data shared with third parties, categories of third parties with whom data is shared, are
detailed in
Section “
Will Primis Share My Personal Data with Others
”.
Disclosure of sale of data or targeted advertising are detailed in Section ‎1.8
OPT OUT OPTIONS
above, and in the
DSR Form
.
Further, the table above under Section
‎
“
ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO COLORADO RESIDENTS
” details the rights you have under CDPA and how you may exercise your rights.
NOTICE TO NEVADA RESIDENTS
Nevada law allows Nevada residents to opt out of the sale of certain types of personal information. Subject to several exceptions, Nevada law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of certain types of personal information for monetary consideration to another person. We currently do not sell personal information as defined in the Nevada law. However, if you are a Nevada resident, you still may submit a verified request to opt out of sales and will record your instructions and incorporate them in the future if our policy changes. You may send opt-out requests to
privacy@primis.tech
.
USER PRIVACY RIGHTS POLICY
Recently Updated: January 23, 2023
Primis – Video Discovery, part of McCann Israel Group (McCann Disciplines Ltd.) (Collectively, “
McCann
” “
Primis
”, “
we
”, “
our
”) values the privacy rights of our Users. Thus, we have designed this User Privacy Rights Policy (“
User Rights Policy
” or “
Policy
”) as an overview of your rights regarding your personal data, under the following legislation:
(i) The EU General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), which shall apply to you in the event you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”); and
(ii) The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
” or “
Act
”) which shall apply to you in the event you are a “California Resident”, as defined under the CCPA; and
(iii)
The Brazilian General Data Protection Law (as amended by Law No. 13,853/2019) (“
LGPD
”), which shall apply to you in the event that you are located in the national territory of the Federative Republic of Brazil (“
Brazil
”) at the time of the collection of your Personal Data (as such term is defined under the LGPD).
This Policy applies solely to your rights concerning Personal Data or Personal Information (as defined under the applicable law) processed by us. If you wish to submit a request to exercise any of your rights please send it to us at:
privacy@primis.tech
.
Your Right to be Informed
You have the right to be informed with respect to our details (e.g. name, address, etc.), as well as why and how we process Personal Data. This right includes, among others, the right to be informed of the identity of the business, the reasons and lawful basis for processing Personal Data, and additional information necessary to ensure the fair and transparent processing of Personal Data. You also have the right to receive information about public and private entities with which we shared your Personal Data. Furthermore, you have the right to be informed of the categories of Personal Information collected, sold, disclosed by us in the previous 12 months, therefore we ensure our Privacy Notice discloses all of the above and is updated every 12 months.
Right to Access
You have a right to request us to confirm whether we process certain Personal Data related you, as well as a right to obtain a copy of such Personal Data, with additional information regarding how and why we use this Personal Data. After we receive such request, we will analyze and determine the veracity and appropriateness of the access request and provide you with the applicable confirmation of processing, the copy of the Personal Data or a description of the Personal Data and categories of data processed, the purpose for which such data is being held and processed, and details about the source of the Personal Data if not provided by you. Our response detailed above will be provided within the period required by law (please see additional information under “
Response Timing and Format
” below). Notwithstanding the above, the GDPR and CCPA provide different protections, the GDPR enables access to all Personal Data processed by a controller, however the CCPA access right applies only to Personal Information collected in the 12 months prior to the request.
The Right of Rectification
If Personal Data held by us is
not accurate
, incomplete or out-of-date, you may require us to update such data so it will be correct. Furthermore, in the event we have passed on incorrect information about you to a third party, you also have a right to oblige us to inform those third parties that the applicable information should be updated.
Erasure Rights (“right to be forgotten” or “right of deletion”, as applicable)
We are legally obligated to comply with a request to delete Personal Data if: the data is no longer needed for the original purpose and no new lawful purpose exists for continued processing; the lawful basis for processing is consent of the data subject and such consent is withdrawn; the data subject exercises his or her right to object to our processing of his or her Personal Data, and we have no overriding grounds for processing the data; the Personal Data is processed unlawfully; or the erasure of the Personal Data is necessary to comply with applicable laws.
In addition, if we transferred Personal Data to a third party, a data subject also has a right to oblige us to tell those third parties that the information should be erased.
The right to erasure is not absolute.
Even if a data subject falls into one of the categories described above, we are entitled to reject the data subject’s request and continue processing data if such processing is
(depending on the relevant law that applies to you)
: necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations; necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; is necessary for scientific research etc.; necessary to perform a contract between you and us; necessary to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for that activity; necessary to debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; or solely for our internal use that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on our relationship with you (under the LGPD your Personal Data will have to be anonymized if used for this purpose) – all subject to applicable laws.
Right to Object
With regards to Personal Data processed by us under the lawful basis of our
legitimate interests
(such as direct marketing), you may object to our processing on such grounds. However, even if we receive your objection, we will be permitted to continue processing the Personal Data in the event that (subject to applicable laws and regulations):
(i) our legitimate interests for processing override your rights, interests and freedoms.
(ii) the processing of such Personal Data is necessary to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or right, etc.
The Right of Restriction
A data subject may limit the purposes for which we may process his/her Personal Data. Our processing activities may be restricted if: the accuracy of the data is contested; processing is unlawful and data subject requests restriction instead of erasure; we no longer need the data for its original purpose, but the data is still required to establish, exercise or defend legal rights; or consideration of overriding grounds in the context of an erasure request.
Data Portability
You may request us to send or “port” your Personal Data that is held by us to a third-party entity, however note, the GDPR, the LGPD and the CCPA apply differently to this right, thus, we will handle this according to your relevant jurisdiction.
Do Not Sell
Do Not Sell You have the right to know what Personal Data is sold, to whom and for what purpose. You also have the right to request the data not to be sold. Note, “selling” data under the CCPA includes any transfer of data for the purpose of receiving valuable goods.
Nondiscrimination
Under the CCPA, you must not be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights, including: by being denied goods or services; being charged different fees for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; it being suggested that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services if you exercise your rights. Notwithstanding the above, it is permitted to set up schemes for providing financial incentives and you can opt-in to become part of them.
Additional Rights Under the LGPD
You have the right to request that we anonymize, block, or delete unnecessary or excessive processing of your Personal Data or Personal Data that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD. You also have the right to receive information from us about the possibility of your denying consent and the consequences of such denial.
Response Timing and Format
1.
Time
. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request without undue delay and in any event within 30 days from the receipt of the request subject to GDPR, within 15 days (with respect to some of the rights above) from the receipt by us of your request, in accordance with the LGPD and between 10-45 days from the receipt by us of a request subject to CCPA.
2.
Extension
. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
3.
Reponse
. The response we provide you with will explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Data that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
4.
Fees
.
If you were in Brazil at the time the relevant Personal Data was being processed you will not be subject to any fees in connection with your request. If you do not fall under the jurisdiction of the LGPD, we will also not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Furthermore, please note, that under the CCPA you are not entitled to submit more than 2 requests in a 12 month period.
Please submit a request by:
* Emailing us at
privacy@primis.tech.
PRIMIS COOKIE POLICY
Recently Updated: January 23, 2023
About this Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we and third parties use them. For further information on how we use, store and process Personal Data, see our Privacy Notice.
This Cookie Policy includes the following information:
1.
Cookies and similar technologies
2.
Types of cookies
3.
What Information Do We Collect?
4.
How To Manage Cookies
5.
Changes and Updates6. Cookies used on our Site
7.
Cookies used through our Services
1. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
1.1.
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on the browser of your computer or mobile device (or other end device), by websites you visit and applications you use. Other automated means often used on websites and applications are Pixel tags (also known as web beacons or clear GIFs). Pixel tags are typically transparent graphic images placed on a website. These pixels are used in combination with cookies to measure the actions of visitors on the website.
Most websites and applications use cookies and other automated means to collect certain data and facilitate services. Cookies are typically used in order to make websites function, or function more efficiently, make your experience when browsing the website or application more enjoyable and smooth, to remember your preferences, to autocomplete details so you don’t have to insert your full details every time you log in (such as user name and password), to tailor content and information that is displayed to you and otherwise work to personalize your experience of the website or application. Cookies are also commonly used a tools enabling websites and applications owners to better understand the use of their products and services, to conduct business analytics and to engage in advertising activities for their business purposes or on behalf of third parties.
1.2.
There are different types of cookies. Some cookies come directly from the website or application you are browsing and others come from third parties which place cookies on such site. Such types of cookies are commonly categorized as
“First Party Cookies”
and
“Third Party Cookies”
, respectively.
1.3.
Cookies can be stored for varying lengths of time on your browser or device.
“Session Cookies”
are limited to the duration of you visit to the relevant website or application, and are terminated when you exit the website or application.
“Persistent Cookies”
will remain stored on your computer or device until deleted or until they reach their expiry date.
2. CATEGORIES OF COOKIES
2.1.
Strictly Necessary Cookies – These cookies are necessary to enable the communication between the user’s device and the website or application, or to provide the user with services requested by him/her, such cookies are used for the sole purpose of carrying out a transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network, or to allow the provider of an online service to provide its services as explicitly requested by users.
2.2.
Functionality Cookies – These cookies allow the website or application to remember choices the user made (such as username, password, language preferences, or region) and provide enhanced, more personal features, to improve the user’s experience on the website or application.
2.3
. Performance (Analytic) Cookies – These cookies collect information about how visitors use the website or application, such as which pages visitors go to most often and if they are likely to get error messages from certain pages. These cookies collect aggregate information that does not identify a specific user personally. These cookies are used to improve how a website or application works, analyze use patterns of the website or application, and assist the provider to maintain and improve its services.
2.4.
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies – These cookies are used to deliver personalized advertisements to the user. Such cookies may be used to analyze a user’s preferences in accordance with the contextual information about the user’s activities on the website or application (for example, if a user is surfing a webpage displaying an article about a sporting event, cookies may be used to display to the user an advertisement associated with sports fans), or to correlate between a user and information about such user collected from other websites or applications (for example, to display to the user an advertisement associated with sports fans based on the user’s profile in other websites or applications). These cookies are used to promote advertising campaigns of website and application owners or those of third parties, as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.
Advertising cookies are usually placed by advertising networks, which connect between the relevant advertiser and the location of publication of the advertisement.
3. WHAT COOKIES DO WE USE AND WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED USING COOKIES?
3.1.
Cookies used on our Website – our Website contains
both
First Party Cookies and Third Party Cookies,
Strictly Necessary Cookies, Functionality Cookies, Performance (Analytic) Cookies, and Advertising (Targeting) Cookies.
3.2. information collected through on our Website through the use of cookies includes:
• Information about your operating system and device;
• Webpages accessed within our Website, the link that led you to our Website, dates and times you accessed our Website, event information (e.g. system crashes) and general location information (i.e. city or region).
• Information provided on the Website by users in order to streamline the user’s experience and prevent user from having to re-enter information during the next visit to our Website;
• Number of visitors on our Website and which webpages have been viewed;
• Advertising user ID and information associated with targeted advertising.
3.3.
Cookies used through our Services – In connection with digital advertising services provided to our Partners by us or other entities within the McCann group, we may use the information collected via cookies on the websites of our customers to make your use of their services and products more enjoyable, to promote their advertising campaigns, to improve the functionality of their services, and tailor the content and information that it displayed to you. We may also use pixel tags on the websites of our customers to track conversions or to create a custom audience for our advertiser customers to target on our network (i.e. retargeting).
See below links to common browsers enabling the control of cookies:
BROWSER TYPE
Chrome
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
Firefox
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Opera
https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/
Internet Explorer
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Safari
https://support.apple.com/en-il/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
Edge
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4027947/windows-delete-cookies
Please note however, that if you choose to disable certain cookies, some features of our Website may not operate properly and your online experience may be limited
5. CHANGES AND UPDATES
5.1.
We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this Cookie Policy to stay informed about our use of cookies, the information we collect via cookies, and any updates in relation thereto.
5.2.
We will post any changes to this Cookie Policy on our Website.
6. COOKIES USED ON OUR WEBSITE:
The following cookies are used on our Website:
FIRST PARTY COOKIES
Type
Owner
Cookie
Purpose
Advertisement
AdRoll
tluid
To identify and show the visitor relevant ads by collecting user data from multiple websites.
AdSCale
tu
To target ads by registering the user’s movements across websites.
agkn,
ab
OFor targeting and advertising purposes.
AppNexus
uuid2
records information that helps in differentiating between devices and browsers. This information is used to pick out ads delivered by the platform and assess the ad performance and its attribute payment.
BidSwitch
tuuid
Stores an unique ID to determine what adverts the users have seen if they have visited any of the advertiser’s websites. The information is used to decide when and how often users will see a certain banner.
tuuid_lu
Stores a unique ID to determine what adverts the users have seen while visiting an advertiser’s website. This information is then used to understand when and how often users will see a certain banner.
Casale Media
CMID
Collect information on user behavior, for targeted advertising.
CMPS
For anonymous user tracking based on user’s website visits, for displaying targeted ads.
CMPRO
Anonymous user tracking, and for targeted advertising.
CMST
To collect information on user behavior, for targeted advertising.
Cloudfare
TDID
To store a unique ID that identifies a returning user’s device which is then used for targeted advertising.
TDCPM
To store a unique ID that identifies a returning user’s device which is then used for targeted advertising.
crwdcntrl.net
_cc_cc
Collect statistical data such as the number of visits, average time spent on site, and what pages have been loaded, for targeted advertising.
_cc_dc
Collect statistical data such as the number of visits, average time spent on site, and what pages have been loaded, for targeted advertising.
_cc_id
Collect statistical data such as the number of visits, average time spent on site, and what pages have been loaded, for targeted advertising.
_cc_aud
Collect statistical data such as the number of visits, average time spent on site, and what pages have been loaded, for targeted advertising.
Demdex
dpm
The dpm cookie, set under the Demdex domain, assigns a unique ID to each visiting user, hence allowing third-party advertisers to target these users with relevant ads.
Everesttech.net
everest_g_v2
To map clicks to other events on the client’s website.
Google
est_cookie
To determine if the user’s browser supports cookies.
id
To create user profiles to display relevant ads.
IDE
To store information about how the user uses the website to present them with relevant ads and according to the user profile.
id
To create user profiles to display relevant ads.
Krux Digital,
_kuid_
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user’s device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
Loopme
viewer_token
Providing relevant advertisement to the visitors based on their preference by tracking them on multiple websites.
Media Innovation group
mdata
Registers a unique ID to identify a visitor on their revisit, in order to show them relevant ads.
MediaMAth
uuid
Avoid the same ads from being shown repeatedly and for relevant advertising.
mookie1.com.
ov
For serving the user with relevant content and advertisement.
PubMatic
KCCH
Ensure that a PubMatic user ID is already set and that PubMatic’s code is running properly.
KTPCACOOKIE
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user’s device across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used for targeted ads.
KADUSERCOOKIE
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user’s device across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used for targeted ads.
Rubicon Project
c
To control synchronization of user identification and exchange of user data between various ad services.
SpotXchange
audience
Unique ID that tracks audiences internally. The cookie is used to limit the number of repetitive ads shown to the user.
TapAD
TapAd_TS
To track users across devices to enable targeted advertising.
TapAd_DID
To offer personalized content, social media features, and traffic analysis for its retargeting of online advertising.
TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS
Data synchronization with advertising networks.
Twitter
personalization_id
Integrate and share features for social media and also store information about how the user uses the website, for tracking and targeting.
Videology.
tidal_ttid
The cookie stores a videology unique identifier. It is used to know whether a visitor has seen the ad and clicked or not.
Weborama Software
AFFICHE_W
Targeting and advertising purposes. It helps in tracking the visitor and serving them with relevant ads.
Yahoo
A1S
Used for advertising purposes.
B
Anonymously store data related to user’s visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded. This data helps to customize website content to enhance user experience.
Zeotap
zsc
Track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisements based on their preferences.
Analytics
ADITION Technologies AG
UserID1
A unique and anonymous ID for the visitor of the website, to identify unique users across multiple sessions.
AdSCale
uu
To target ads by registering the user’s movements across websites.
Bombora
u
To collect information that is used either in aggregate form, to help understand how websites are being used or how effective marketing campaigns are, or to help customize the websites for visitors.
demdex.net
demdex
Help identify a unique visitor across domains.
Google
_gcl_au
To experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services.
_ga
Calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site’s analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors.
_gid
Stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website’s performance. Some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.
_gat_UA-49895482-4
Allow website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. The pattern element in the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to.
uid
Tracks users across various website segments.
Hotjar
_hjFirstSeen
To identify a new user’s first session. It stores a true/false value, indicating whether it was the first time Hotjar saw this user.
_hjIncludedInPageviewSample
To know whether a user is included in the data sampling defined by the site’s pageview limit.
_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress
To detect the first pageview session of a user. This is a True/False flag set by the cookie.
hubspot
__hstc
This is cookie contains the domain, initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session).
hubspotutk
To keep track of the visitors to the website. This cookie is passed to HubSpot on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts.
Smart AdServer
TestIfCookieP
To identify new users and generate a unique ID for each user.
pbw
To collect cached data by browser ID, operating system ID and screen size.
Videology.This
sync-his
This cookie is used in association with the cookie “tidal_ttid”. This cookie is used to keep track of the last day when the user ID synced with a partner. This is done by matching “tidal_ttid” with a partner’s user ID inorder to recognise the same user.
Yahoo
GUC
The GUC cookie is set by Yahoo for Yahoo conversion tracking.
You may also encounter McCann Cookies on websites that we do not control. Likewise, certain third parties may place their own Cookies in the Website and Services. Such third party Cookies are not subject to our control and this Notice does not cover them. If you are located in the EEA when accessing our Website, the use of persistent and third party cookies will comply with the laws applicable to you.
DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS REQUEST FORM
Recently Updated: January 23, 2023
M.D. Primis Technologies Ltd.
(previously known as McCann Disciplines Ltd.) (
“Company”
) values privacy rights. As required under applicable law, and specifically the EU General Data Protection Regulations (
“GDPR”
), the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (
“CCPA”
), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 effective January 1, 2023 (
“CPRA”
), the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act of 2021 (
“CDPA”
), the Colorado Consumer Protection Act (
“CPA”
) and other federal, state laws, the Israeli Protection of Privacy Law (
“IPPL”
), etc. (all collectively shall be defined as “
Data Protection Laws
”), individuals are permitted to make certain requests and exercise certain rights regarding their Personal Data or Personal Information (as such term is defined under Data Protection Regulations) and depending on their jurisdiction
In order to submit a request to exercise individual rights pursuant to the Data Protection Laws, please complete this form and send it to our privacy team at:
privacy@primis.tech
.
Upon receipt of your completed request, we will process it and respond within the timelines required under applicable Data Protection Laws. If additional information is necessary, we will contact you using the contact information you provided in this form. Information provided in connection with this request will be processed only for the purpose of processing and responding to your request and will be deleted immediately thereafter. For more information, please review our
Privacy Notice
.
CONTACT INFORMATION:
Full Name:
Email Address:
If applicable, US State:
WHAT IS YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH US?
User
Customer
Employee
Vendor
Other:
YOUR REQUEST:
Detailed below are various rights and requests you may submit depending on your residence. Please check the applicable right you are requesting to execute. Please note by exercising your right to deletion,
you will lose all account information
.
CALIFORNIA:
Note: Under the CCPA your rights only apply to the Personal Information collected 12 months prior to the request and you are not entitled to submit more than 2 requests in a 12 months period
.
Please check the applicable right you are requesting to execute:
Right to Know or Access;
Right to Deletion;
Right to Data Portability;
Right to Non-Discrimination;
Right to Rectification;
Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information;
Opt-Out of the Use of Automated Decision Making
;
or
Other.
CCPA Opt-Out Rights:
The Right to Opt-out of Sale; Opt-Out of Sharing for Cross-Contextual Behavioral Advertising; can be executed without filling the form by:
Use the “Do Not Sell or Share My Information” through the first-party business, i.e., through the cookie consent manager presented on the browser or app you are using.
To opt out of the sale or share of Personal Information, you may also directly opt out from third party retargeting cookies or other ad-technology trackers through self-regulatory services. For more information, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance (US)
HERE
Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada)
HERE
Digital Advertising Alliance (EU)
HERE
Network Advertising Initiative
HERE
You can also opt out of interest-based advertising with some of the service providers we use, such as Google
HERE
, Google Analytic
HERE
.
In addition, you may opt out from our Search Partners at the following links:
Microsoft (Bing):
Microsoft’s
opt out
information which will enable you to limit data collection by Microsoft is available
HERE
.
Oath (Yahoo):
Oath’s
opt out
information which will enable you to limit data collection by Oath is available
HERE
.
Please know that opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean that you will not receive advertising.  You may still receive ads, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
Authorized Agency:
you may submit the request by an authorized agency as detailed in the CCPA Notice.
VIRGINIA
:
Right to Confirm if the Data is Being Processed and to Access That Personal Data;
Right to Deletion;
Right to Data Portability;
Right to Correct Inaccuracies; or
Other.
The right to Opt-Out of “The Processing of the Personal Data for Purposes of Targeted Advertising, the Sale of Personal Data, or Profiling in Furtherance of Decisions that Produce Legal or Similarly Significant Effects Concerning the Consumer” can be done without filling this form, please see above the options under CCPA Opt-Out Section.
COLORADO
:
Right of Access;
Right to Correction;
Right to Deletion of Personal Data;
Right to Data Portability – to obtain a portable copy of the data; or
Other.
Right to Opt-out of the Processing of Personal Data for the Purposes of: Targeted advertising; Sale for personal data; or Profiling used for decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects on a consumer, can be done without filling this form, please see above the options under CCPA Opt-Out Section.
If you are a Colorado, Virginia, or Connecticut consumer, and we refuse to take action on your request, you may
appeal
our refusal within a reasonable period after you have received notice of the refusal.
EU, UK, EEA AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS
:
Right to be Informed to the Processing of Personal Data;
Right to Access to Your Personal Data;
Right to Rectification and Amendment;
Right to Deletion / Erasure;
Right to Restrict Processing;
Right to Data Portability;
Right to Object to the Processing of Personal Data;
Rights Related to Automated Decision-Making and Profiling; or
Other.
VALIDATION
The verifiable request must provide enough information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.
We cannot respond to your request if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information or Personal Data is relates to you.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Substantiate the request – please provide additional information about your request:
Thank you for filling in the form, please send it to
:
privacy@primis.tech.
We will process the request within the time frame under the applicable
Data Protection Law
, we reserve the right to extend the aforementioned period by the time specified in the Data Protection Laws if the request is complex or numerous or we require additional information.
The processing of the request is free of charge; however, we may want to reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee to cover certain administrative costs (such as providing additional copies of the data) or for handling manifestly unfounded or excessive requests.
Note that, you might not be eligible to exercise all or part of the rights detailed above – this depends on your jurisdiction and the applicable Data Protections Law, our relationship, and our rights to refuse or retain data under applicable Data Protection Law. Where we are not able to provide you with the information for which you have asked or otherwise fulfil your request, we will endeavor to explain the reasoning for this and inform you of your rights.
LET'S TALK
WANT TO CHAT MORE?
Leave your details and we'll get back to you soon
Name
*
Company Name
*
Company Email
*
Company Domain
*
Phone
Care to share your thoughts?
I am a:
*
Please Select
Publisher
Ad Network
SSP
DSP
Agency
Brand
Content Provider
Other
Sub-policy 9
https://www.sovrn.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Resources
Support
Contact
Knowledge Base
Status
Sign In
Sign Up
Back
Resources
Support
Contact
Knowledge Base
Status
Trust Center
Overview
Legal
Master Services Agreement
Data Processing Addendum (Sovrn as Data Importer)
Standard Contractual Clause Selections and Addendum
Data Processing Addendum (Sovrn as the Exporter)
Standard Contractual Clause Selections and Addendum
Data Processing Addendum Archive
Website Terms of Use
Referral Terms
Privacy
About Our Cookies
Your Privacy Choices
Law Enforcement Request Policy
Subprocessors
Third-party providers
Privacy Policy
CCPA Metrics
Audience Segments
Service Policies
Advertising Supply Policy
Advertising Demand Policy
Take Down Policy
Commerce Publisher Code of Conduct
Sovrn Legal
About Our Cookies
Your Privacy Choices
Law Enforcement Request Policy
Subprocessors
Third-party providers
Privacy Policy
CCPA Metrics
Audience Segments
Overview
Legal
Master Services Agreement
Data Processing Addendum (Sovrn as Data Importer)
Standard Contractual Clause Selections and Addendum
Data Processing Addendum (Sovrn as the Exporter)
Standard Contractual Clause Selections and Addendum
Data Processing Addendum Archive
Website Terms of Use
Referral Terms
Privacy
About Our Cookies
Your Privacy Choices
Law Enforcement Request Policy
Subprocessors
Third-party providers
Privacy Policy
– Our Commitment to Good Advertising Practices
– Information We Collect
– How We Collect Information
– How We Use Information
– Our Information Sharing Practices
– How To Opt Out
– Children’s Privacy
– Retention of Personal Information
– Security
– Country and US State Specific Disclosures
– Changes in this Privacy Policy
– Contact Us
– Revision Log
CCPA Metrics
Audience Segments
Service Policies
Advertising Supply Policy
Advertising Demand Policy
Take Down Policy
Commerce Publisher Code of Conduct
Privacy Policy
Last Updated November 18, 2022
Effective Date: December 19, 2023
Sovrn provides data and monetization tools to our customers that allow for revenue generation through digital advertising, affiliate network marketing and commercial data products. We believe in transparency and respecting consumer choice as a foundation of trust, so we have crafted this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we handle Personal Information, and your privacy choices.
Our products are used on websites and other internet-connected services (such as smart TV’s and mobile devices). A more in-depth description of our Services can be found at our
Publisher Products
site.
This
“Privacy Policy”
describes how Sovrn collects, uses, and shares personal information in connection with (i) Sovrn Services; and (ii) our public-facing business websites found at
www.sovrn.com
and other websites that we own and operate that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the
“Site”
).
If unsure about any of the information provided, please reach out to privacy@sovrn.com.
Definition of Terms
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we use some phrases that are unique to our business or the technology underlying our Services or may just be new to you. The following are definitions of some of the key terms that you’ll need to know to make it easier to understand this Privacy Policy:
“Advertiser”
means an entity providing ads to be placed on Publisher websites.
“Interest-Based Advertising”
is an umbrella term used throughout this Privacy Policy to indicate cross-device targeting, targeted advertising, cross-contextual behavioral advertising, and similar activities related to the use of profiles to understand the browsing and/or purchasing behaviors of consumers.  For more information, please see the
BBB National Programs
site.
“Non-Personal Information”
means information that is not associated with or linked to Personal Information including aggregate or de-identified information.
“Personal Information”
means any information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify a natural person, such as contact information (i.e., name, address, e-mail address, and/or phone number), and/or information that uniquely and persistently identifies a browser or device, such as an IP address, mobile advertising identifier, unique online  identifiers, email address that has been hashed to generate an alphanumeric identifier, or combination of information about a browser or device (such as IP address and browser type/settings).
“Publishers”
are websites or publications that use Sovrn Services, or natural persons who interact with Sovrn on behalf of such websites or publications.  Publishers are also Sovrn customers.
“Readers”
are individuals who visit our Publishers’ websites or the Site.
“Sovrn”
or
“we,” “us,”
or
“our”
means Sovrn, Inc. with our affiliates (including those not under the Sovrn brand).
Description of Sovrn Services
The Sovrn Services that collect information from Readers are
Exchange and Ad Management for
Interest-based Advertising
;
Commerce for affiliate network marketing, shopping galleries and price comparisons; and
Signal for viewer engagement metrics.
Sovrn is a data broker, allowing us to provide commercial data products (
“Data”
) to our customers, which are also part of the Services. As a data broker we may share your Personal Information with other parties for our commercial interests. Please refer to “
Country and US State Specific Disclosures
” for more information related to specific privacy rights related to disclosures through our data brokerage.
In order to provide the Services, we collect Personal Information from our Publishers as described in our Publisher contractual agreements, and this Privacy Policy.
Please note that the Services may contain links to websites or content operated and maintained by third parties over which we have no control. We encourage review of the privacy policies of such third-party websites and content before disclosing any information to them.
In addition to the Services, Sovrn collects Personal Information through interactions with the Site. By visiting or submitting Personal Information through the Site, you acknowledge the processing of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Our Commitment to Good Advertising Practices
Sovrn supports industry self-regulatory principles and endorses industry recognized practices and self-regulatory standards.
Sovrn follows and adheres to the industry Self-Regulatory Principles of the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(“DAA”).
Sovrn also adheres to the
Interactive Advertising Bureau
(“IAB”) Code of Conduct, and actively participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
(TCF 2.0). We comply with IAB’s Specifications and Policies under vendor identification number 13.
For more information about industry self-regulation of Interest-Based Advertising, please visit:
www.networkadvertising.org
and
www.aboutads.info
.
Information We Collect
The information we collect allows us to see browsing habits at an individual device level, but we do not attempt to identify the exact individual who is browsing. Here we outline the types of information used in Interest-Based Advertising, as well as what to expect when visiting our Site.
Sovrn Services and Site collects both Personal Information and Non-Personal Information. Sovrn does not collect personally identifiable information (
“PII”
) about Readers that could directly identify them to Sovrn, such as names, surnames, plain-text email addresses, physical addresses, or phone numbers, unless provided to us through the Site when requesting materials or information from us. For clarity, none of the information collected through the Site is used in our commercial Data products.
The following provides more detail into the types of Personal Information we may collect (and in some instances purchase from partners) and use in conjunction with the Sovrn Services and Site:
Identifier
Description
Used by
Cookie ID
A randomly generated identifier (including those created by Sovrn) that is stored on a browser and allows us to understand Reader browsing behavior, without knowing the exact identity of the individual. Also known as a third-party cookie.
All Services and Site
Connected television identifier (CTV ID)
Examples of connected televisions (CTV) include Xbox, PlayStation, Roku, Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV, and devices provided by manufacturers such as Samsung and Vizio. A CTV ID is a unique identifier that is generated by the CTV and is used for various purposes, including Interest-Based Advertising.
Exchange
Device information
Device information can include your browser agent, browser type, operating system, device type, use of ad blocking tools, and information about the possible relationships among different browsers and devices.
All Services and Site
Hashed email
Hashing is a way of making a piece of data, like an email address, into a hexadecimal string so that it is no longer readable. Each email address has its own unique hexadecimal string that remains consistent no matter where the email address is used.
Ad Management and Signal (collect); Data (procure)
IP address
An Internet Protocol address (IP address) is a numerical label assigned by an Internet Service Provider (ISP) to each device connected to a computer network that allows the device to communicate on the Internet. Most IP addresses are dynamic, meaning they change every time the device is restarted.  IP addresses allow us to infer your general location in order to help us understand your data rights.
All Services and Site
Mobile advertising ID
Mobile advertising IDs are provided by the mobile device’s operating system, and can be reset by users. Typical advertising IDs are AAID/GAID (Android) and IDFA (Apple). Mobile advertising IDs allow developers and marketers to track activity associated with a specific device for targeted advertising purposes.
Exchange (collect) and Data (procure)
Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”)
Personal Information that directly identifies an individual such as name, surname and email address. PII may be required for some inquiries through the Site. Sovrn will only collect PII you voluntarily provide.
Site
Unique online identifier
An identifier created by our Publishers to understand an individual’s browsing behavior on their own site, as well as across different websites. These identifiers are shared with Sovrn to help us understand the preferences of individuals so that we can provide our targeted advertising services.
All Services and Site
Voice Recordings
When our customers interact with Sovrn through virtual meetings or by telephone, we may record the call to assist with taking notes and for internal training purposes
Sovrn Sales and Support Teams
How We Collect Information
Sovrn uses various technologies to collect both Personal- and Non-Personal Information, such as cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, or scripts. We also collect information voluntarily provided through our Site. The term ‘cookies’ is used as an umbrella term for these technologies; for convenience, these technologies are collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as “cookies.”
Both session cookies (which expire once the web browser is closed) and persistent cookies (which stay on a device until deleted or expire) are used to collect viewing and search behaviors by both Sovrn Services and the Site. For more information about how cookies are used or what information we collect, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Through our Site
We collect Personal Information submitted to us voluntarily, such as name and contact information. For example, when signing up to receive our newsletter or to participate in a webinar we collect your email address. When contacting us via email, we will collect the email contents.
Through Sovrn Services
The information we gather about browsing preferences and purchasing behaviors using cookies helps us provide Sovrn Services to our Publishers, which in turn provides meaningful Interest-based Advertising to Readers.
Readers
.
We set cookies (where allowed) at the first visit to any of the Publisher sites that deploy Sovrn Services. If our cookie is already set on a browser, we recognize a returning Reader and log data using the existing cookie. Readers have the option to use tools provided by browsers to decline to receive cookies or to clear cookies, which will result in us treating the Reader as a new visitor when encountering Sovrn Services. However, in order to stop Interest-based Advertising by Sovrn, individuals must explicitly opt-out as described in the “
How to Opt-Out
” section.
Some of our business partners (for example, Google Analytics) may set or use their own cookies on our Publisher websites or through Sovrn Services where Sovrn has no access to or control over these cookies. Specific to Google Analytics, opt-out by visiting
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Publishers
.
Publishers provide Personal Information about themselves when registering to use Sovrn Services. Alternatively, Publishers may register for Sovrn Services using an existing Google account, in which case Sovrn will receive Personal Information from Google as defined by Google’s privacy policy. Personal Information collected at registration may include: a valid email address, username and password, first and last name, telephone number, website(s) URLs, software, mobile applications, log-in IP address(es), physical address, ZIP code, and country of residence for the Publisher contact.
When using the Sovrn Platform to manage your account, we will also set cookies that allow us to remember your preferences, as well as to collect analytics about how our customers are interacting with the service.
We collect Publisher payment information from those who purchase Sovrn Services. Sovrn provides a third-party service to manage revenue payments to Publishers. This service also provides transactional information to Sovrn for financial reporting purposes.
We may also collect and categorize information about the content on Publisher pages integrated with Sovrn Services and link this information to Personal Information collected through the delivery of Sovrn Services.
Publishers may choose not to provide us with certain Personal Information, but this may limit the features of the Sovrn Services available for use.
Through Internet-Connected Technology
As Publishers use the Sovrn Services or Readers access or use digital properties within the Sovrn Publisher network (including websites or applications on internet-connected technology, such as computers, mobile devices, or internet-connected televisions), we may also collect web viewing and search activities across non-affiliated websites (including websites accessed through your television), directly through content viewed on an internet-connected television, and mobile applications (
“apps”
) over time (also known as cross-device tracking). This information may be linked to Personal Information that identifies a browser or device, typically through cookies or tracking pixels/web beacons.
Sovrn may store cookies on your device in order to:
For Publishers, to allow you to use and access secure areas of Sovrn Services. Without these cookies, it may not be possible to load or offer key functionalities, such as logging in to your account, displaying dynamic elements or uploading information.
For both Publishers and Readers, for statistical purposes and to analyze and improve the use and performance of Sovrn Services and the Site, and to do the same for our Publishers’ websites. We also use cookies for a better online experience, as cookies allow us to load or offer key functionalities on our Site, such as displaying dynamic elements or uploading information.
For Readers, to support Sovrn Services, such as for our analytics and data services and to provide Readers with Interest-based Advertising, including through Google’s Exchange Bidding service, and the ability to opt out of such advertising, all as further described in this Privacy Policy. We also use cookies for social media and multimedia functionalities, where videos and other media often rely on cookies to function correctly. In addition, social media platforms such as Facebook and X can use cookies to see if you are logged in and enable you to “like” content or send it to your friends. When you use these features, such third-party companies can collect information from you. Depending on your settings, these external parties may also use such information for advertising purposes. If you would like to know more about this, please refer to the respective privacy policies of these third parties.
In some instances, our business partners link the information we gather through cookies to device identifiers associated with the same Reader (also known as cross-device mapping). They will then share the cross-device mapping or other user data with us, for the purpose of Interest-based Advertising.
We may also use web beacons or “pixels” to collect Personal Information, which are electronic images that may be used on website(s) (including Publisher websites and the Site) or in emails sent in Publisher campaigns or from Sovrn directly. We use tracking pixels to, for example, collect hashed emails, sync unique online identifiers, deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and effectiveness of offers, and tell whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
In addition, we may use session replay technologies for certain automatic data collection from Publishers on the Sovrn Platform. Session replay technology is third-party software used to record a replay of users’ interactions on the Sovrn Platform (such as to troubleshoot how a Publisher interacts with our dashboard). The replay may include users’ clicks, mouse movements, scrolls, mobile app touches, typing, and other activity taken during the session. We use these replays for research and development purposes, such as to help us troubleshoot problems with the Sovrn Services, understand how Publishers interact with and use the Sovrn Services, and identify areas for improvement.
Information from Third-Party Sources
We may receive Personal- and Non-Personal Information about you from other sources and combine it with the information that we collect through Sovrn Services or the Site. Sources may include information conveyed to us by telephone, information that we receive from third-party data providers, or information provided to us by third parties through the Sovrn Publisher network.
When Publishers contact Sovrn by telephone or virtual meeting, we use a third-party service to record the call (with your consent) to assist in documentation and for training purposes.  For clarity, we will only record those actively in the call; if there are others in the vicinity, it is our expectation that they are not recorded unintentionally, unless this Privacy Policy has been provided and their approval to the recording has been obtained.
How We Use Information
We use Personal- and Non-Personal Information to support our commercial interests (Interest-based Advertising, affiliate network marketing, and Data), internal business operations (such as improving the Services, fraud prevention and security), and business intelligence.
Commercial Interests
Commercial interests are activities that allow Sovrn and/or our customers and business partners (such partners include data services and data resellers) to earn revenue and include, for example:
Serving Interest-based Advertising to Readers on behalf of our Publishers and supporting third parties’ Interest-Based Advertising activities. Options for opting-out of such advertising may be found in the “
How to Opt-Out
” section of this Privacy Policy.
Providing Sovrn Services, or any other materials requested through the Site (such as electronic newsletters or promotional emails) to Publishers. Options for opting-out of Sovrn marketing may be found in the “
How to Opt-Out
” section of this Privacy Policy.
Creating audience segments* by categorizing Personal Information we have collected by common interests, intent or other characteristics (for clarity, PII is not used for this purpose).  Audience segments are used to provide additional insights, enrichment of our Publisher’s first party data, and to attribute reader interests to browsers and devices to better inform advertising campaigns.
Specific to Sovrn Commerce, we will use Personal Information to optimize links, determine the best merchant destination for clicks, and set the appropriate language and region for click destinations.
We may use Publisher contact information to invite you to take part in market research.
* We do not use Personal Information to derive audience segments that could be defined as ‘sensitive’ or ‘special categories’ under various data privacy laws and regulations.  Please visit Sovrn’s
Audience Segments
page for more information.
Internal Business Operations
Internal business operations are activities that allow us to meet obligations to Publishers, Readers, and third-party partners (including regulatory bodies). Internal business operations do not directly benefit any one person or entity, and include, for example:
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with various data privacy laws and regulations, as well as other standards.
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with various data privacy laws and regulations, as well as other standards.
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality of our products, content, services and websites.
Improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, to the extent the use of the Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes.
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying Publisher information, processing payments, or providing analytic services.
Monitoring any Publisher account to prevent, investigate and/or report fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, in accordance with applicable law.
Compliance with applicable laws and to protect Sovrn’s legitimate business interests and legal rights, including, but not limited to, use in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, investigative purposes (including disclosure of such information in connection with law enforcement requests, legal process or litigation), protecting our and others’ rights, privacy, safety, or property, and enforcing our agreements.
Responding to comments or complaints or sending service-related communications.
Business Intelligence
Business intelligence allows us to analyze and report on the performance of Sovrn Services and the Site, as that performance relates to Publisher or Sovrn campaigns, and includes:
Monitoring the use of Sovrn Services to support Publisher analytics and reporting.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Performing Analytical Analysis. We work with third parties that collect data about Reader use of the Site and other websites or online services over time for non-advertising purposes. For example, we use Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of Sovrn Services and for analytics and marketing purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data,  visit
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
. Opt-out of Google Analytics by visiting
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
A Note on Non-Personal Information
We may collect Non-Personal Information through Sovrn Services or we may create Non-Personal Information from Personal Information by removing identifying information (such as email address or device identifiers).
We may use Non-Personal Information for a variety of purposes to operate and improve the Sovrn Services, such as functional testing, analyzing usage patterns, market research, data analysis (including in support of Interest-Based Advertising), and developing new products.
We may also use Non-Personal Information on Readers’ activities collected from Publisher websites (such as page views, use of ad blocking technology, and search queries) to provide aggregate information to Publishers so that they can improve their content and optimize advertising revenue.
We may use and disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose in our discretion, to the extent permitted under applicable law. If we are required to treat Non-Personal Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use or disclose it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information.
Our Information Sharing Practices
Sovrn shares the Personal Information collected through our Services, procured through our data partners, or our Site with the following third parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
Affiliates
: Sovrn may share some or all Reader Personal Information with our Affiliates (i.e. companies which are under common control, such as subsidiaries or joint ventures), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy in all material respects.  Please reference the
Sovrn Careers
page to view our affiliate locations.
Business Transitions
: In the event Sovrn goes through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets including in bankruptcy, Personal Information may be among the assets transferred.
Law Enforcement, Government Authorities, and Private Parties
: We may disclose Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of Sovrn, Publishers, or third parties; or (c) for the other compliance, fraud prevention, and safety purposes described in this Privacy Policy.  Please see our
Law Enforcement Request Policy
for the requirements applicable to law enforcement requests.
Publishers
: We may disclose Personal Information that identifies a device or browser to Publishers and their service providers to provide the Sovrn Services, such as measuring the effectiveness of advertising, advertising attribution, and preventing advertising fraud, or to indicate Reader preferences for Interest-Based Advertising.
Other Third-Party Customers
: We may disclose Personal Information that identifies a device or browser to our third-party customers that include, for example, other advertising services and data enrichment services, who will use and disclose the information for their own purposes. We may also share Non-Personal Information such as aggregated reports derived in part from the information we have collected. The information we share may also be combined with third-party data to provide an even broader service to our customers. Please see
How to Opt-Out
for more information on choices related to this practice.
Service Providers
: We may provide Personal Information to third-party service providers (sub-/processors) who work on behalf of or with us to provide the Sovrn Services including to help us communicate with you. Examples of such services include our ability to send email, perform data analysis, provide marketing assistance, process payments (including credit card payments, through a third-party service), and provide customer service. For a list of our Service Providers, please visit
https://www.sovrn.com/legal/subprocessors/
Advertising Partners:
We may share your Personal Information with third parties that we partner with to engage in Interest-Based Advertising, including through the use of cookies and similar technologies. These third party advertising companies may collect information about your activity over time through the Services and across other online services to serve you advertisements. For a list of our Advertising Partners, please visit
https://www.sovrn.com/privacy-policy/third-parties/
.
Professional Advisors
: We may share Personal Information with persons, companies, or professional firms providing Sovrn with advice and consulting in accounting, administrative, legal, tax, financial, debt collection, and other matters.
How To Opt Out
Sovrn supports various opt-out mechanisms, where each option provides different results related to cross-device tracking and targeted advertising. While using these mechanisms may prevent Interest-based Advertising or the sale of your Personal Information, there are no mechanisms for preventing advertising altogether.
Opting Out of Sovrn’s Interest-based Advertising
Just as there are different mechanisms for providing Interest-based Advertising (such as through a web browser, apps on your mobile device and connected televisions), there are multiple ways you can limit the use of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes and the sale or sharing of your personal information.
To simplify the management of Interest-based Advertising preferences, Sovrn participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
AdChoices program
that allows a user to manage their Interest-based Advertising preferences on their browser(s) or device(s) across all participating DAA members.
For more information on how to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information, please see the section, “
Your California Privacy Rights
” located in the “
Country and US State Specific Disclosures
” section, below or our webform found in the
Privacy Center
.
Cookies and Unique Online Identifiers Used by Web Browsers
Your opt-out choice will apply to the browser or device where you make the choice. This means that Sovrn will not deliver Interest-based Advertising to this browser or device and we will not otherwise use or transfer data collected on this browser or device for Interest-based Advertising.
Readers who wish to opt out of Sovrn’s collection, use, or transfer of such data from a browser for Interest-based Advertising purposes can visit
https://www.aboutads.info/
to learn more about Interest-based Advertising.  There, you may also access the
DAA WebChoices
tool for managing preferences on web browsers, and to exercise opt-out choice with respect to Sovrn and other companies participating in the DAA’s self-regulatory program.
Identifiers used by connected TVs and mobile devices / apps
Readers who wish to opt-out of Sovrn’s collection, use, or transfer of such data from apps on a mobile device for Interest-based Advertising purposes can download the
DAA’s AppChoices
application to manage preferences on mobile platforms like Android or Apple iOS devices.  More information on your options for opting out of targeted advertising provided through your connected television streaming devices can be found on the
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
site.
When using DAA’s opt-out tools, choice will be effective only on the browser or device where choice has been exercised. If using a different device or browser, the opt-out choice(s) will need to be renewed for the new device or browser. Our opt-out tool for browsers is cookie-based, so that an opt-out choice can only be honored if a browser is set to accept third-party cookies. If the opt-out cookie is deleted, then the opt-out choice(s) must be renewed.
Opting out of Interest-based Advertising prevents the collection of Personal Information but does not prevent data collection of Non-Personal Information.  We may continue to collect, use and transfer such Non-Personal Information for other purposes such as contextual advertising based on a current visit to a website, fraud prevention, or improving site performance.
Opting out also will not stop advertising from appearing in a browser. After opting-out, Readers may receive advertising from Sovrn Services when visiting websites of a Publisher who uses our Services, but that advertising will not be interest-based. After opting out of Sovrn’s Interest-based Advertising, Readers may also continue to receive Interest-based Advertising through other companies.
Opting Out of Sovrn’s Affiliate Network Marketing
Readers who wish to opt-out of Sovrn Commerce collection, use, or transfer of Personal Information from the websites you visit, the links you click, or the merchants you make purchases from, visit our
Privacy Center
and choose ‘Disable Tracking.’
Opting out of Sovrn Commerce cookies means that Sovrn Commerce will stop placing cookies on your device when you browse Sovrn Commerce enabled websites and/or links.
To honor your opt-out choice, we need to place a cookie on your device so that we know not to track your activity. Clearing your browser’s cache or cookies will remove this cookie, and you will be required to opt-out of tracking again. Similarly, if you access sites that use Sovrn Commerce from a different browser or device than the browser or device on which you opted-out of tracking, you will be required to opt-out again.
Opting Out of Sovrn Marketing
Unsubscribe instructions will accompany each promotional email we send. Alternatively, contact us directly to change promotional email preferences at marketing@sovrn[.]com.
Regardless of your promotional communication preferences, we will send Publishers messages related to our business relationship or transactions.
For any questions regarding a Sovrn Publisher account, please contact support@sovrn[.]com.
Advertising Choices on the Site
Some of the Advertising Partners that collect data on the Site to help us advertise the Sovrn Services and our business may also participate in the DAA and/or may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). You can obtain more information about these companies’ information collection practices, and opt-out of receiving interest-based advertising from participating NAI and DAA members, at the
NAI’s website
or the
DAA’s website
. You can also limit collection of your information for Interest-Based Advertising by blocking third party cookies in your browser settings or using privacy plug-ins or ad blocking software that help you block third party cookies.
Many of the opt-out preferences described in this section must be set on each device and/or browser for which you want them to apply. Please note that some of the Advertising Partners we work with may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms described above, so even after opting-out, you may still receive Interest-Based Advertising from other companies. If you opt-out of Interest-Based Advertising, you will still see advertisements online but they may be less relevant to you.
Children’s Privacy
Sovrn does not knowingly collect Personal Information from or direct Sovrn Services to children under the age of 16.
If you are not 16 years old, please do not use the Site. Do not submit your name, email address, or other personal information using our web forms.
As operators of their own websites and content, our Publishers are solely responsible for compliance with law related to the collection and use of information from children under the age of 16. If, during routine review, Sovrn believes children under the age of 16 have submitted their personal information into our web forms or our customer’s websites, we will, in our sole discretion, delete the information believed to belong to those under 16 years old.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose of collection, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, to establish and defend legal claims, for fraud prevention purposes, or as long as required to meet our legal obligations. To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Security
Sovrn has put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Personal Information we collect; however, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your Personal Information. For more information, please visit
Sovrn’s Security
page.
Country and US State Specific Disclosures
Various data privacy laws require specific disclosures regarding the collection and use of your Personal Information. These disclosures are meant to supplement, and are consistent with, the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Notice to Residents of the EEA, Switzerland and UK: Data Subject Rights
This section applies only to individuals located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (“Applicable Countries”) and supplements the practices described in this Privacy Policy. It describes certain rights and protections under applicable law regarding the processing of Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” has the meaning given to “personal data” governed by the Applicable Countries’ data protection legislation.
Role of Sovrn as a Controller or Processor
If located in one of the Applicable Countries, Sovrn may act as a “controller” as defined under applicable law when processing Personal Information. Sovrn may also act as a “processor” as defined under applicable law to the extent that we process Personal Information on behalf of and at the instruction of another party, for example a Sovrn customer.
Legal Basis for Processing
Sovrn’s legal basis for processing Personal Information depends upon the specific context in which it is collected or used. In some cases, we rely on data subject consent (as defined under applicable law) to process Personal Information for Interest-Based Advertising, which we require Publishers using Sovrn Services to obtain on our behalf. In other cases, we may rely on our legitimate interests to collect and use Personal Information, except where our interests are overridden by data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we will also process Personal Information collected from Interest-Based Advertising in order to improve the Sovrn Services for our Publishers where permitted by law. Our legitimate interests are described in greater detail in the “
How We Use Information
” section of this Privacy Policy. These legitimate interests include the operation of our business and the provision of Sovrn Services to our Publishers as required by our agreements with them.
Additionally, we may have a legal obligation to process Personal Information (such as for fraud prevention).
Exercising Data Subject Rights
Individuals may be entitled to exercise certain data subject rights available under applicable laws. These rights may include the right to request access to Personal Information we hold. Individuals may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, processing of Personal Information, such as profiling we perform for the purposes of direct marketing and interest-based advertising. Individuals may also have the right to ask that your Personal Information be corrected, erased, or transferred to another party. Where we have asked for consent to process data, consent may be withdrawn.
Anyone afforded any of these rights may exercise them by visiting our
Privacy Center
, or by contacting privacy@sovrn[.]com.
These rights may be limited in some situations–for example, where we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process data. In some instances, this may mean that we are able to retain data even if consent is withdrawn. In other instances, we may provide the requested information with some portions redacted in order to adhere to obligations of confidentiality to others.
Where we require Personal Information to comply with legal or contractual obligations, provision of Personal Information is mandatory; in all other cases, provision of requested Personal Information is optional.
Data Transfers
Sovrn is a global company headquartered in Boulder, Colorado (USA), with data centers located in the United States and Europe. By visiting Publisher’s sites who are using Sovrn Services, Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us, our affiliates, and by those third parties with whom we may share your information, some of which are located outside of the Applicable Countries.
These countries (including the United States) may have data protection or other laws that differ from those in the Applicable Countries. We ensure that where Sovrn or third-party service providers receive Personal Information outside of the Applicable Countries, appropriate safeguards are in place under the Applicable Countries’ data protection legislation.
Sovrn may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Such requests are subject to Sovrn’s
Law Enforcement Request Policy
.
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
Sovrn is registered as a vendor with, and supports and encourages our clients to use, the
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(the “IAB Industry Framework”) to provide data subjects with dynamic transparency into and choice about the various vendors our clients use to serve ads, including Sovrn Services. When visiting a website, the IAB Industry Framework is designed to allow a Publisher the means to choose which registered vendors they wish to allow to access a device and process Personal Information, and provide dynamic transparency and choice about each of these vendors (either an opportunity for an individual to consent to the vendor, or opt out of data processing by the vendor, depending on that vendor’s legal basis and processing activities).
Questions or Complaints
Individuals located in one of the Applicable Countries who have questions or concerns about how we process Personal Information may contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@sovrn.com. If we are not able to resolve the issue, individuals have the right to lodge a complaint with their local data privacy authority. For contact details of local Data Protection Authorities, please visit the
European Data Protection Board member list
or the
UK data protection regulator
.
IT Governance Europe Limited acts as our EU representative. If you wish to exercise your rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) or have any queries in relation to your rights or general privacy matters, please email
eurep@itgovernance.eu
. Please ensure to include our company name (“Sovrn”) in any correspondence.
Notice to California Residents: Your Privacy Choices
This section applies only to California residents and supplements the practices described in this Privacy Policy.  It describes how we collect, use, sell, share, and retain Personal Information of California residents, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California privacy laws but does not include information exempted from the scope of those laws.
Personal Information We Collect and Purposes of Collection and Use
Personal Information we collect (or have collected in the 12 months preceding the “Effective Date” of this Privacy Policy) about California residents are listed below by reference to the categories specified under California privacy law. Examples in the list refer to the types of Personal Information described above in this Privacy Policy.
Identifiers
, such as cookie ID, unique online identifiers, device information, hashed email, IP address, connected television ID, and mobile advertising ID.
Customer Records
, such as Publisher PII and payment information.
Commercial information
, such as records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered.
Internet or Network Activity
, such as browsing history, search history, and interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement.
Inferences
drawn from the Personal Information identified above to create a profile reflecting preferences, characteristics or behavior.
We may collect these categories of Personal Information directly from you and from your device as you visit our Site or Publisher sites in our network subscribing to Sovrn Services, or from other third parties as further described in this Privacy Policy under the section titled
“How We Collect Information.”
The purposes, including the specific business and commercial purposes, for which we collect and use these categories of Personal Information are described in this Privacy Policy under the section titled
“How We Use Personal Information.”
To the extent that we may collect any sensitive Personal Information (as defined under California privacy law), such as to provide account management for our Publishers, we only use or disclose it for purposes permitted under California law (i.e., to perform the Sovrn Services, process customer transactions, detect security incidents and prevent fraud, or to verify and maintain the quality of the Services). We do not collect or use sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about California residents.
We retain each of the categories of Personal Information listed above as described in this Privacy Policy under the section titled
“Retention of Personal Data.”
Personal Information “Sold,” “Shared” or Disclosed for Business Purposes
“Sale” is defined under California privacy law as disclosing a California resident’s Personal Information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.  Where such disclosure is for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration, it qualifies as “sharing” under California privacy law.
The following table describes the categories of Personal Information “sold” or “shared” for our commercial purposes to each of the categories of third parties listed, and includes our practices in the 12 months preceding the “Effective Date” of this Privacy Policy.
Each category of Personal Information listed in the following table may also have been disclosed for our business purposes (such as for internal use and business intelligence), and have in the preceding 12 months been disclosed, to each of the categories of third parties listed.
The categories of third parties listed, along with our business and commercial purposes for which we “sold,” “shared” or disclosed Personal Information, are described in this Privacy Policy under
“Our Information Sharing Practices”
within the section titled,
“How We Use Information.”
Category of Personal Information
To whom the category of Personal Information is “sold” or “shared”
Identifiers
· Sovrn Publishers
· Advertising Partners
· Other Third-Party Customers (i.e., Data partners, such as data services and resellers)
Customer Records
N/A
Commercial Information
· Sovrn Publishers
· Advertising Partners
· Other Third-Party Customers (i.e., Data partners, such as data services and resellers)
Internet or Network Activity
· Sovrn Publishers
· Advertising Partners
· Other Third-Party Customers (i.e., Data partners, such as data services and resellers)
Inferences
· Sovrn Publishers
· Advertising Partners
· Other Third-Party Customers (i.e., Data partners, such as data services and resellers)
For clarity, Personal Information collected through Sovrn Services, from third parties,  or Internet Connected Technology, (and where Sovrn has a license to further disclose Personal Information to third parties) is included in our commercial Data and “sold” or “shared.” Publisher Personal Information provided for account management is not “sold” or “shared” as defined under California privacy law.
California consumers may request to
opt-out of the sale or sharing
of their Personal Information at any time. Please see “Your California Privacy Rights” below for more information.
Sovrn does not knowingly “sell” or “share” the Personal Information of California residents under 16 years of age.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, in addition to the rights described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, you have the privacy rights listed below.  However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may not be able to respond to your request, such as when a legal exemption applies or if we are not able to verify your identity.
Know/Access
. You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information:
– The categories of Personal Information that we have collected.
– The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information.
– The business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” Personal Information.
– The categories of third parties with whom we disclose Personal Information.
– A copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Delete
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correct
. You can ask us to correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you.
Opt-out of sales/sharing
. If we “sell” or “share” your Personal Information, you can opt-out.
Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above without receiving discriminatory treatment.
You may request to exercise the California privacy rights described above as follows:
Right to know/access, delete, or correct
. You can request to exercise your access, deletion, or correction rights by:
– Visiting our Privacy Center and completing the
data rights request webform
;
– Emailing privacy@sovrn[.]com – Please put the statement “CCPA Consumer Request” in the subject line; or
– Calling +1 (888) 280-8085.
Right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information
. You can request to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information by clicking here:
Your Privacy Choices
and completing the webform or broadcasting the Global Privacy Control (GPC) signal through your browser settings.
– Our Services will honor the GPC signal you broadcast so that the Personal Information that you provide to the Publishers using our Services will be opted-out from “sales” or “sharing.”
– Note that due to technological limitations, if you visit our Services or the Site from a different computer or device, or clear cookies on your browser that store your preferences, you will need to return to the
Your Privacy Choices
page to re-submit your preferences.
– If you direct us not to sell/share your Personal Information, we will consider it a request pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law to stop sharing your Personal Information covered by that law with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Please visit our
CCPA Metrics page
for details around the type of data rights requests received during the previous calendar year.
Verification Process and Required Information
We reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and will need to confirm your identity to process your requests to exercise your right to know/access, delete, and correct. This is a security measure to, for example, help ensure we do not disclose information to a person who is not entitled to receive it. The identity verification process may vary depending on how you submit your request. We will only ask for information needed to verify your identity, such as a different email address, or cookie ID.
Authorized Agent
Consistent with California law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. If you do so, we may require proof of your identification, the authorized agent’s proof of identification, and any other information that we may request in order to verify the request, including evidence of valid permission for the authorized agent to act on your behalf. We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it. Authorized agents may submit a request through our
Privacy Center
, where instructions are provided for completing the request.
Fees
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights).  However, we may charge a reasonable fee or decline to comply with your request if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
We may modify or amend this Privacy Policy from time to time at our discretion. When we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will amend the revision date at the top of this page and such modified or amended Privacy Policy shall be effective as to the Personal Information governed by this Privacy Policy as of that revision date. We encourage periodic review of this Privacy Policy to view any updates, as well as the revision log found at the end of this page.
Contact Us
Please contact us at privacy@sovrn[.]com with questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or how we process your Personal Information.
Sovrn will respond in good faith to all privacy inquiries but may not be able to provide complete information if the request requires Sovrn to release confidential information of third parties, or otherwise imposes an undue burden or expense.
Sovrn U.S. Headquarters
1600 Pearl St
Second Floor
Boulder, CO 80302
United States
Sovrn U.K. Headquarters
53, 64 Chancery Ln,
London WC2A 1QU
United Kingdom
Sovrn Switzerland, S.A.
Via Cantonale 19, CH-
6900 Lugano
Switzerland
Revision Log
Section
Revision summary
Version
Our Commitment to Good Advertising Practices & How to Opt Out
Removed information related to the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) YourOnlineChoices program
Dec. 2023
Information We Collect
Updated Privacy Policy to disclose the collection of voice recordings to support Publisher Sales and Support teams
Sep. 2023
Notice to Residents of the EEA, Switzerland and UK: Data Subject Rights; Contacts
Updated semantics for readability; updated Sovrn UK, Limited address
Aug. 2023
Information We Collect; How We Collect Information & How We Use Information
Updated Privacy Policy to disclose additional identifiers processed due to new offered services
Aug. 2023
Information We Collect; How We Collect Information & How We Use Information
Updated Privacy Policy to disclose additional identifiers processed due to new offered services
Apr. 2023
Throughout
Updated Privacy Policy for required disclosures under new US state privacy laws in effect Jan 1 2023, and for general readability
Jan. 2023
Our Commitment to Good Advertising Practices & How to Opt Out
Added information related to our integration with the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) YourOnlineChoices program
Aug. 2022
Throughout
Revised email addresses throughout to reduce spam
Aug. 2022
Exercising California Consumer Rights
Replaced toll-free number with new toll-free number
Aug. 2022
Entire Policy
Consolidated Website and Service Privacy Policies, reordered sections, and updated internal links.
Apr. 2021
Information We Collect
Added ‘Universal ID’ to the list of Personal Information types
Apr. 2021
Personal Data Rights (throughout)
Separation of UK from EU personal data rights as a result of the enactment of the UK GDPR
Feb. 2021
Personal Data Rights: Questions or Complaints
Addition of EU representative as a result of the UK’s exit from the EU
Feb. 2021
Revision Log
New section added for clarity of changes over time
Feb. 2021
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies, but may change your preferences by clicking “Cookie settings". For more information, please visit our
Privacy Policy
.
Cookie settings
Manage cookie consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
__hssrc
session
This cookie is set by Hubspot whenever it changes the session cookie. The __hssrc cookie set to 1 indicates that the user has restarted the browser, and if the cookie does not exist, it is assumed to be a new session.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement
1 year
Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category .
cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional
11 months
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-others
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
csrftoken
1 year
This cookie is associated with Django web development platform for python. Used to help protect the website against Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks
viewed_cookie_policy
11 months
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Cookie
Duration
Description
__cf_bm
30 minutes
This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management.
__hssc
30 minutes
HubSpot sets this cookie to keep track of sessions and to determine if HubSpot should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie.
_auth
1 year
This cookie is set by Pinterest that collects statistical details to track the use of its services.
_pinterest_referrer
past
This cookie is set by Pinterest to track the use of its services.
_pinterest_sess
1 year
This cookie is set by Pinterest that collects statistical details to track the use of its services.
_routing_id
session
This cookie is set by Pinterest that collects statistical details to track the use of its services.
bcookie
2 years
LinkedIn sets this cookie from LinkedIn share buttons and ad tags to recognize browser ID.
lang
session
This cookie is used to store the language preferences of a user to serve up content in that stored language the next time user visit the website.
language
session
This cookie is used to store the language preference of the user.
lidc
1 day
LinkedIn sets the lidc cookie to facilitate data center selection.
sp_landing
1 day
The sp_landing is set by Spotify to implement audio content from Spotify on the website and also registers information on user interaction related to the audio content.
sp_t
1 year
The sp_t cookie is set by Spotify to implement audio content from Spotify on the website and also registers information on user interaction related to the audio content.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Cookie
Duration
Description
__hstc
1 year 24 days
This is the main cookie set by Hubspot, for tracking visitors. It contains the domain, initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session).
_ga
2 years
The _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors.
_gat_gtag_UA_52355958_2
1 minute
This cookie is set by Google and is used to distinguish users.
_gcl_au
3 months
Provided by Google Tag Manager to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services.
_gid
1 day
Installed by Google Analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.
hubspotutk
1 year 24 days
This cookie is used by HubSpot to keep track of the visitors to the website. This cookie is passed to Hubspot on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts.
vuid
2 years
Vimeo installs this cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos to the website.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Cookie
Duration
Description
_mkto_datetime
1 month
This cookie is set by Marketo.
bscookie
2 years
This cookie is a browser ID cookie set by Linked share Buttons and ad tags.
test_cookie
15 minutes
The test_cookie is set by doubleclick.net and is used to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Sub-policy 10
https://unruly.co/legal/privacy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated January 31, 2024
We, at the Nexxen (“
Company
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”), understand that your privacy is important to you. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and disclose information collected through our web-based, connected-TV and other services.
If you have any questions, please contact us at privacyrights@nexxen.com.
1. The Company and our Services
The Company operates several platforms and services that comprise our “Services.”
As further described below, through our Services, we work with websites, web services, content publishers, mobile applications, and various platforms (such as connected TVs, aka “CTV” platforms) that provide services for those types of organizations to help them display personalized and more engaging ads on their properties. In many cases, providing personalized ads help businesses of all sizes (including small and mid-sized businesses) to get their name out, and help website operators, content publishers, app developers and platform owners to subsidize the cost of their content – often, allowing them to provide consumers with some or all of their content for free.  We also work with advertisers (and their service providers) – brands, retailers, entertainment companies, non-profits and others – to help them advertise in a way that is efficient and relevant to both them and the consumer.   We use data in a variety of ways to help support these businesses, and likewise provide a variety of ways for consumers to control how data is used to market to them.  The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain what that data is, how it is used, and what those choices are.
2. The Information We Collect and Use in Providing Our Services
We help advertisers and publishers provide more relevant content and targeted advertising by collecting certain information about you, including when you interact with our Services.  This may include your interactions with our customers, which include:
(a) advertisers and other ad partners (collectively, “
Advertisers
”) to show you ads that we think may interest you, on our Services and on other companies’ websites, apps, and devices; and
(b) publishers, app developers and other customers who CTVs, web and mobile apps or other online services (collectively, “
Publishers
”).
In this Privacy Policy, when we use the term “
Customers
”, we are referring to both Advertisers and Publishers, as described above.
Sometimes we work with other marketing or advertising services, demand partners, service providers or data platforms who provide certain services (such as measurement and analytics solutions) to us as well as Customers; we refer to these companies as “
Partners
.”
We (or our Customers or Partners) may provide relevant content and targeted advertising to consumers by using automated technologies such as cookies, including non-HTTP cookies, pixel tags, mobile identifiers and SDKs, each of which we describe below, and in
Section 3
below titled, “Cookies, Pixel Tags, SDKs and Similar Technologies”.   These technologies often generate or collect unique identifiers, such as cookie IDs or mobile advertising IDs.
We describe below these and other categories of information that we receive from consumers’ operating systems, browsers and devices, as well as from Customers, Partners, advertising platforms and networks, and data resellers. Some companies may fit into more than one such category. We have tried to describe the information that we collect or receive in a way that is easy to understand:
a. Information that you provide to us directly
We collect certain information that you provide to us, including your contact and other information – for example, when you visit our site or when you contact us.
You may also interact with and provide information to us in other ways, including but not limited to when you complete a survey, enter a contest, giveaway, or sweepstakes, connect with us at a tradeshow, or choose to hear from us or participate in our marketing or promotion campaigns. When you do so, we collect the information you provide to us.
If you submit to us a request to access or delete your information, we will collect your contact information and other information, as needed, to respond to your request.
b. Identifiers automatically collected from website and app sources,whether directly or through other content and information platforms, including:
Online cookie IDs;
Mobile advertising identifiers (e.g., IDFAs, Ad IDs) and other mobile device or browser identifiers;
IP addresses;
Wi-Fi access points;
Product model numbers;
Chipset IDs; and
Identifiers related to the device used, such as CTVs (e.g. name of device and any “friendly name” assigned by you to the device)
We refer to all of the above as “IDs.“
c. Online usage information or “log” information
We collect data about your interactions with our site and the Services. Such data is generally related to the above IDs and include:
Language and region settings;
Data related to or describing a web browser, operating system, and device, such as the name and version of your browser, as well as hardware and software version of the app;
Connection data, including current IP address, from which location may be inferred;
Online usage data including websites visited, websites visited prior to a web visit, date/time stamp;
Information related to interactions with ads and marketing, such as consumer engagement with an ad (i.e. ads that you view and click);
Information related to interactions with websites, such as whether a consumer was “referred” through another website or a shared link;
TV viewership data (including information about the content and programs viewed, and amount of time spent viewing Smart TV content, as further described in this Section 2 on “Viewing Data” below); and
We may link any of the above to our own or our Partners’ and Customers’ IDs.
We receive the above information from Customers and Partners, advertising platforms and networks, and data resellers.
d. Demographic and Interest-Based Information
We may collect, use, or create “audience segments” (also referred to as “data segments), which are generally used to tailor advertising and marketing to consumers and to analyze consumer interaction with such ads.  Audience segments are interest-based or demographic-based groupings of large numbers of users, generally in aggregated form, tied to the above IDs.  For instance, an inference that Ad ID X35%979J is interested is “Sports” might be drawn from the fact that the browser often views sports-related content.  Or, an inference that Cookie ID 4Qj7e9!x may be interested in a new car may be drawn from the corresponding browsers frequent search of new automobile reviews. Actual IDs are generally much longer strings of code; the above are simply used for illustration.
Sometimes these inferences are made from “offline data” that is coded and linked to cookies and IDs (and further linked to our own cookies and IDs) by Partners that create “hashed” (coded) values to replace “real-world” identifiers such as email addresses.
Sometimes these inferences are made from demographic information (“protected classifications” for purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act).
Sometimes, these audience segments are associated with the likelihood to have a particular health condition. A list of our standard health segments is
here
. (We endeavor to update the list frequently, but the list may not be current to the precise date.)   In addition, we may sometimes create “custom” health-related segments, or work with Customers or Partners who use such segments.  Those “custom” segments change over time, but a representative sample is included. Note that such information is only collected/processed at an aggregate level and solely in the U.S. and Canada.
e. Transactional information from our Customers
Our Customers may provide us with their own proprietary or licensed information, including “audience segments” described above, to help us better perform or deliver our Services.
f. Geolocation Information
The mobile information we collect or receive from our Partners and Customers also may include geolocation information, that may help us or our Customers to target ads or tailor content to your location. For instance, if we believe that you are often near a particular store in Northern New Jersey, we might send you an ad targeted to that store, rather than another store in the general area.
g. Viewing Data
We provide advertising services to certain Smart TV and connected devices (like Hisense and VIDAA Smart TVs), which, like many CTVs, are equipped with Automatic Content Recognition (“ACR”) functionality that (when enabled) allow us to collect certain information from the device in order to provide personalized advertising and measurement based on the programming  or ads watched on those devices and other devices connected to the same IP address.
What is Viewing Data?
When enabled on the Smart TV device, we will use audio-based ACR technology to collect information about the programming content (e.g. TV channels and shows, movies, and advertisements watched) playing on the device, including content from any media players, gaming consoles, over-the-air broadcast, or other audiovisual sources playing through the Smart TV. We call this information the “
Viewing Data
” and this also includes information such as timestamp, IP address, and Smart TV device identifier.
The ACR technology captures a “fingerprint” from the Smart TV, and the fingerprint is mapped against a content repository and ad catalog to identify what was played through the TV. Content or ad ID, IP address, device ID, and other metadata are appended to the audio fingerprint. These identifiers are ingested into the Company’s platform and mapped to a Household ID, and then aggregated with other data sources.  The ACR process will associate the data collected with the device’s IP address, but otherwise does not utilize directly identifiable personal information for the purposes of personalized advertising or measurement.
For example, we may collect TV viewing information such as the programs, commercials, and channels you view, the date, time and duration of the viewing. It may also include information about the TV or display, including IP address and SmartTV device ID.
How is Viewing Data used and shared?
To create audience segments: We use Viewing Data, such as the content, programs or ads watched on your Smart TV, to include you and your household in relevant audience segments for interest-based advertising, as described below. A segment is a grouping of consumer profiles by one or more attributes (e.g. food fans, sports enthusiasts, sitcom fans, etc.). Individuals are identified by a digital identifier (like an IP address) in these segments but are not identifiable by name or other personal information that directly reveals their identity. We also share these audience segments with our Partners for their own purposes, including to enable their interest-based advertising activities.
Targeting Personalized Ads: We use Viewing Data to help us, and our Partners, target and show you personalized ads that we think may interest you or other members of your household (a practice known as “interest-based advertising“) across your devices, based on the audience segments created from your Viewing Data (as described above). These ads may be shown to you on your Smart TV or other linked devices sharing the same IP address.
Audience Measurement: We use Viewing Data to generate measurement reports to help us and our Partners understand the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads and how they responded.  We collect information such as the creative and placement ID, IP address, and whether you viewed or interacted with an ad.
Linking devices for household targeting: With the assistance of our third-party service providers, we use the IP address collected from your Smart TV to identify “households” (a group of linked devices sharing the same IP address broadcast by a modem). This allows us and our Partners to deliver personalized advertising to you and other members of your household across various devices (such as mobile phones and tablets) and browsers based on audience segments associated with your household. If you do not enable, or if you otherwise opt-out of personalized advertising on your Smart TV, we will no longer collect and use your Smart TV IP address to identify your household for personalized advertising purposes. However, once you opt out of personalized advertising, you may continue to see personalized advertising on devices that were previously targeted based on Viewing Data that was shared when personalized advertising was still enabled on your Smart TV, prior to the opt-out.
Our Partners: More information about each of our Partners and how they may use data about you and your household is available at:
https://nexxen.com/acr-data-partners
How can I turn OFF or ON the Viewing Data (ACR) feature?
The option to enable ACR (and related functionality) is presented during the initial setup of the Smart TV and can also be accessed at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. You can disable ACR (and related functionality) at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. Turning the Viewing Data feature off or on will affect only the Smart TV where you have made that selection. Please refer to the device’s Privacy Notice and the Enhanced Viewing Service Privacy Notice of your Smart TV for more information on Viewing Data and your choices.
h. Further Description of Technologies
For additional explanation of the technologies through which IDs and other data are collected, please see
Section 3
further below regarding cookies, pixel tags and SDKs.  We may use cookies, pixel tags, SDKs and similar technologies to collect the above information, or to associate certain types of information with each other.
i. Information collected from other sources
We also may obtain other behavioral and demographic data from trusted third-party data sources. We may use this data to draw inferences about your preferences, choices, and interests to provide you with customized ads about products and services tailored to your individual interests. We may collect and combine information about your online activities over time and across devices, apps, websites and online services to provide you with customized ads.
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, SDKs and Similar Technologies
The Company (along with our Partners and Customers) uses a variety of technology to collection information.  These are listed and described below.
a. Pixels
A tracking “pixel” is a transparent graphic image (usually a 1 x 1 pixel) that is placed on a web page and allows for the collection of information regarding the use of the web page that contains the tracking pixel. The Company collects technical and usage information through the use of tracking pixels.
b. Cookies
A “cookie” is a string of stored code used by a website to send some data to a user’s device.  Depending on the settings of the device or web browser this data may be stored on the user’s device so that the device can later return that data to the same website.  Cookies can be used with online services, such as websites, email deliveries or advertising technologies, to recognize an Internet or mobile-connected device that they have encountered before.  We use cookies to, among other things, “remember” you, track user trends, and collect information about how you use Customer’s sites or interact with the advertising we (or others) deliver on their behalf. We likewise use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. We also use cookies when you visit our site.
c. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We also sometimes use, or partner with, Publishers or Publisher-facing and app developer platforms that use mobile SDKs to collect information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs), and information connected to how mobile devices interact with our Services and those using our Services.  A mobile SDK is the mobile app version of a pixel tag or beacon (see “Pixels,” above).  The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented.  We may use this technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 6 (“
Your Choices
”) below.
d. Third Party Suppliers and Vendors
The Company works with third party technology or service providers that provide us with hosting, serving, general campaign or site analytics, ad serving data, or demographic and other audience data about the use and viewership of our Customers’ advertising, or websites that display such advertising. Such third-party providers may utilize pixels, cookies, flash cookies, web beacons and/or similar technologies that may be activated when our advertising Customers’ advertisement is encountered on a Publisher. In all instances where the use, collection and disclosure of information is by one of these third-party providers, their privacy policies governs and this Privacy Policy does not apply.
e.
Disabling Cookies
Most Web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of our Services may be difficult to use or inoperable.  In addition, we may use (or work with certain third-party companies that use) techniques other than or in addition to HTTP cookies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity, including those integrated with our Services.  These technologies may rely on the collection and analysis of “non-cookie” information from your browser or device, such as your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts, resolution, and other data, for purposes of creating a unique profile or “fingerprint” of your browser or device.    We (or other third parties) may use this profile to understand and analyze how you interact with the Services, to customize content or advertising to you through the Services, to monitor against fraud or misuse of the Services, or in other ways consistent with this Privacy Policy.  Please note that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these techniques, and those browser settings that block conventional cookies may have no effect on such techniques.
4. The Business Purposes For Which We Use and Share the Information We Collect
a. Our Purposes Generally
Principally, we use the information described in
Section 2
to operate, provide, develop and improve our Services.   This involves facilitating various types of advertising and marketing to make them more effective, more relevant, and more likely to engage and interest consumers.
b. Personalized Advertising
This includes facilitating and providing behavioral advertising, i.e., tailoring advertising and content using the types of “audience segments” or “data segments” (and other, related types of information) we describe in
Section 2
above.   As we also describe in
Section 2
, these audience segments may be based on your activity across multiple websites or mobile apps over time, on your transactions, on your location, or on coded or “hashed” data derived from offline demographic and interest data.  Generally, the tailoring of ads to devices and browsers (and sometimes through other channels) based on this type of data is called “interest-based” or “personalized” advertising. Please go to
Section 6
to learn about what choices you have to control how you are marketed to in this way.
c.
Other Advertising and Analytics Purposes
We also use the information to analyze, measure the effectiveness of, frequency-cap or sequence advertising.   For instance, we may use the information we collect to compare how many “clicks” the recipients of one ad campaign receive vs. a different ad campaign.  Or, we may track which users have seen which ads, to avoid a user being shown the same ad repeatedly.
d. Syncing Identifiers
We sometimes integrate our information with Partners, to allow Advertisers to access our information across other platforms (and their information across our platform), in order to allow Advertisers to reach more consumers across various channels.  This may include online, offline, social media or television advertising.
e.
Identity Graphing
We may also create or help our Customers or Partners to create “identity” graphs, to help locate users across various channels, such as based on common personal, device-based, or network-based identifiers (e.g., IP address).
f.
Statistical information
We may use statistical information about you or your devices such as generalized location and estimated age group. We obtain this statistical information from commercially available sources (as permitted by law) such as our third-party service providers. We only work with third-party service providers who ensure that this information has been obtained in accordance with applicable law and can be provided to us for use and disclosure.
g. Other Business Purposes
We also may also use the information we collect for internal research, internal operations, auditing, detecting and preventing security incidents, anti-fraud purposes, debugging, short-term and transient use, quality control, and legal compliance.
5. Why And With Whom We Share the Information We Collect
a. To Provide our Services
Generally, we share the information that we collect in order to perform our Services, including for purposes of targeting advertising, performing analytics on ads, and measuring ad performance.
We share the information we collect with our Customers, who are a wide range of businesses, retailers, content publishers, non-profit entities, business-to-business service companies and other consumer brands, as well as their ad agencies and service providers.
We also share information with our Partners and other companies that provide services to us. For example, we use email or other contact information to resolve Customer support inquiries, and IP address and advertising identifiers with service providers.
We may share personal information we collect with our service providers, which may include providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our Services.
b. For Legal Purposes
We may share any information we have with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts, or to investigate potential violations thereof; (c) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our Customers, our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public.  We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
c.
In the Event of a Corporate Transaction
We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate transaction, including, for example, a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
d.
With Corporate Affiliates
We share information within the Nexxen Group in order to operate our site and Services, perform data analytics, design and execute advertising and marketing campaigns, conduct product management, and/or engineer or improve and develop new products or services.
e.
With Partners
We share information collected, including IP address and advertising identifiers, with Partners to assist in our advertising and marketing efforts and show ads that may interest you. The Advertisers we use (including their service providers) may rely on pixel tags and similar technologies to collect information from or about you to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. We may also compile and provide reports, including in aggregated or de-identified forms, to Advertisers about the reach, viewership and effectiveness of their campaigns. We use information to help our Customers to reach the desired audience and improve their ad campaigns.
Summary Analytics and Reports. We may, with our Customers and Partners, analyze Viewing Data to create summary reports to help deliver relevant information and advertising to interested groups of consumers.  These summary reports are built from automated analysis of data elements, without connecting the information to any known natural person.  For example, a Customer who is an Advertiser may want to measure the effectiveness of their promotions in the aggregate.  Thus, a Partner may identify another device that shares an IP address or display and analyze: (a) whether a particular website was viewed or commercial location was visited by a device with location tracking enabled (e.g., a smartphone) after a related promotion was viewed, and (b) whether a particular program was viewed following exposure to a promotion for that program.  In addition, some Partners may use a third-party data aggregator to identify demographic or other attributes or traits (such as gender or age range or income range or behavioral data) associated with the IP addresses collected, and then send to Customers the demographic information associated with those addresses.
Personalized Advertisements. As further described in Section 2 above, audience segments may be shared with Customers and Partners for the purpose of targeting and tailoring the advertising you see on certain Smart TV and connected devices, including other devices associated with your IP address or device ID on the basis of Viewing Data. Viewing Data may also be enhanced with household demographic data and data about digital actions (e.g., digital purchases, location, and other consumer behavior taken by devices associated with the IP address collected) for the purpose of delivering relevant advertising that are likely to be useful or timely.
We may work with Google to deliver advertising opportunities to its clients. You can consult
Google’s policies
to learn more about Google’s processing policies.
f.
With advertising measurement providers and services
We share information collected, including IP address and advertising identifiers, with Partners and their service providers in order to help us and our Advertisers understand information about the content and ads viewed, and the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads, how they engaged or responded, determine which programs are most popular, how many people watch a program to its conclusion, and whether and how often people watch commercials.
The measurement providers we use collect or receive information about your viewing of or interaction with content and ads, including ads that you view on your Smart TV and ads you view on other websites, mobile apps, and connected devices (including Smart TVs) to which we provide advertising services. We also share demographics data and audience segments (e.g., food fans, sport enthusiasts, sitcom fans, etc.) with advertising measurement providers and their service providers. Viewing Data may also be combined with other demographic and similar information, including by working with data aggregators.
Measurement providers use such information to create statistics about what content and ads are being watched – for example, to help them and their clients understand the audience viewing the content or ads, and to measure the effectiveness of the ads.
Through our advertising services, we provide measurement and analytics solutions to other companies. In providing these services, we analyze and reorganize ad campaign data from these companies and provide analytics reports to help them better understand the audience that viewed the company’s ads and whether those viewers belong to the same household.
6. Your Choices: How To Opt-Out of Tracking (Interest-Based Advertising) on Web Browsers and Mobile Devices
a
.
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising
We follow the Digital Advertising Alliance industry privacy standards for online behavioral advertising. To learn more about the program and its principles, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). We are a member of, and adhere to, the industry standards of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC). To learn more about the program please visit the
DAAC
.”We are a member of, and adhere to, the self-regulatory principles of the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA). To learn more about interest-based advertising or to opt-out of this type of interest-based advertising by those third parties that are members of DAA’s opt-out program, please go to
https://www.aboutads.info/.
We are a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection use in digital advertising.  To learn more about the NAI and its members, or to opt out of interest-based advertising facilitated by NAI members, visit
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
You may also opt out of our own interest-based advertising on those same web pages, or you can simply visit our
Opt-Out Page
.
We make no representation about the accuracy or effectiveness of other providers opt out mechanisms, including those listed on the above industry websites.
You can also opt-out of targeted advertising based on data collected via your browser by using  (i) the DAA’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
; (ii) the DAAC’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
; or (iii) the EDAA’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
.
You may always opt out of our targeted advertisements by clicking on the opt-out button on the relevant device. Such opt-out will affect only the device where you have made that selection. After you opt out, we will no longer collect this information to deliver targeted ads on such device. Ads may continue to be served based on information available in the Internet environment, such as the content of a web page, browser type, time of day and operating system. If you have opted out of our advertising cookies and other similar tracking technologies on a device and subsequently delete the “opt out” cookie from your browser on such device, change your browser, or buy a new computer/device, you will need to repeat this process and opt out again. When you opt out, we will stop (a) collecting information about your interests via your browser and (b) serving you targeted advertising based on the data collected via your browser. We will subsequently place a piece of data in your browser’s cookie that tells us that you have opted out – it does not contain any data about you except for the fact that you have opted out. We need this cookie in place so that we know not to collect information about your interests and serve you targeted advertising based on your interests in the future.  Our “opt-out” cookie has a 13-month expiration date.
Anyone who has provided personal contact information through our site may e-mail us at privacyrights@nexxen.com to update, delete, and/or correct their personal information.
b.
In-App Data Opt-Out
You may opt out of the continued collection of mobile app interest-based advertising through your mobile device settings, as applicable to most (but not necessarily all) mobile devices.   Please go to the
NAI “Mobile Choices” web page
for further information about how to do this.  When you do this, we will no longer use information collected through your mobile apps to deliver behaviorally targeted advertising to your device. Please note that you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests.
c.
Viewed Content Advertising and Smart TVs
If you choose to activate this functionality, we may collect certain information on certain Smart TV and connected devices equipped with automatic content recognition (ACR) functionality in order to provide personalized advertising based on the programs or ads being watched on those devices, other devices with the same IP address, or browsers. We refer to the information collected as “Viewing Data” in this Policy. If you have opted-in to activating ACR on such device, the ACR functionality will continuously analyze audio from any onscreen content accessed or displayed on your Smart TV at that moment, including content from any set-top-boxes, media players, gaming consoles, over the air broadcast, or other audiovisual sources playing through your Smart TV.  For more information, see Section 2 above on “Viewing Data”.
The option to enable ACR is presented during the initial setup of the Smart TV and can also be accessed at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. You can disable ACR at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. Please refer to the device’s Privacy Notice and the Enhanced Viewing Service Privacy Notice of your Smart TV for more information.
7. Do Not Track
Although certain of our technology honors “do not track” (DNT) signals and similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers or mobile device operating systems, we are not responsible, and shall not be liable, for the acts of third parties, such as ad networks, with respect to such third parties’ tracking policies. We make no representation about the accuracy or effectiveness of other providers’ opt out mechanisms, including those listed on the above industry websites.
8. Children
Our site and Services are neither developed for, nor directed at, children under the age of 16.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from nor employ or offer targeting towards children under the age of 16.  If you believe your child, who is under the age of 16, has provided us with personal information, please contact us at privacyrights@nexxen.com and we will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records.
9. Where We Store Personal Data
We are a global company with affiliates, varied business processes, management structures and technical systems around the world. Information that we collect or that is collected on our behalf may be stored on connected devices (including Smart TV) to which we provide advertising or measurement and analytics services, or on our servers, and may be transferred to, accessed from, or stored and processed globally in any other country where we or our service providers maintain facilities or call centers, including jurisdictions that may have different data privacy laws from those in your home country. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order or the provision of support services. We strive to transfer your information where there are appropriate measures and controls in place, and we strive to ensure that all information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
10. For European Residents: About your GDPR Privacy Rights
If you are located in Europe, you may have certain right under European privacy law, principally the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).   This Section of the Privacy Policy is intended solely for, and is applicable only as to, such consumers, i.e., “data subjects”; if you are not an EEA resident (or otherwise located in an EEA country), this does not apply to you and you should not rely on it.
Nexxen participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Nexxen operates Consent Management Platform with the identification numbers 23 and 36.
a.
Our legal bases for using personal information
All organizations need a legal reason to use your personal information. There are a number of legal grounds that enable data processing. Below are the most relevant grounds of which you should be aware.
With your consent
There are some activities where we process personal information with your consent. For example, where we want to send you marketing messages by email, we would ask your permission first and you could opt out at any time.
For a legitimate interest
We may use your information where there is a legitimate interest to do so. For example, we may use your information where it would help achieve our business objectives or to facilitate a benefit to you or someone else.  Our legitimate interests in processing personal data include:
to develop, deliver and maintain relevant and engaging products, services and/or advertising;
understanding when audiences engage with our Customers’ ads;
to build a clearer understanding of who our Customer’s audiences are in order to better serve more relevant advertising to those audiences, for the benefit of both individuals and our Customers;
to maximize advertising revenues for publishers and therefore help to maintain a diverse ecosystem of online independent publishers of content for users to enjoy and educate themselves;
to support individual and societal rights to receive information;
to improve user website experience by delivering brand safe, high quality advertising to all of the publishers of online content with which we work;
to carry on the business of a commercial organization;
to demonstrate that we provide services and products to agreed industry standards; and
sharing information with the Nexxen Group companies for analysis, audience insights, business efficiencies, content personalization and to deliver relevant advertising.
To comply with legal obligations
There may be situations where we need to use your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations or to defend claims.
b. Exercising Your Data Subject Rights Under the GDPR
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, you can do so at any time by contacting us at privacyrights@nexxen.com or you may visit our
Manage User Data page
, where you may make an “access” or “right to know” request, or request that we “opt out” your personal information from our active database.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us at
privacyrights@nexxen.com
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us at privacyrights@nexxen.com.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time, by contacting us at privacyrights@nexxen.com or (as to information that we use in our Services), by going to
[your data page]
.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
External EU and UK Data Protection Officer
ePrivacy
GmbH
represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer
Burchardstraße 14, 20095 Hamburg, Germany
For all request concerning the security of your data you can contact our privacy team and data protection officer at
privacy@nexxen.com
.
If you have a particularly sensitive request, please contact our data protection officer by postal mail. The communication by email can always be flawed by security gaps.
11. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
12. Data Retention
Personal information we collect may be retained for as long as needed to fulfill legitimate business purposes. The Company expires certain cookies, including cookies directed to European users, after 12 months. Except as permitted by law, we may retain aggregated and anonymized user information (e.g., to create group-level data), for an indefinite period but usually no more than 2 years.
13. Information Security
We take measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data we collect and store.  These may include internal reviews of our data collection, storage, firewalls and processing practices and security measures.  Of course, no security system is perfect.   Thus, while we do take measures to safeguard against unauthorized access to, or alteration of data we collect and store, we cannot guarantee that it will not be disclosed or accessed inadvertently or through the unauthorized acts of others.
14. California “Shine the Light” Law
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83) permits California residents to request and receive, once per calendar year and free of charge, information about our sharing of your personal information (if any) with third parties for their own direct marketing use.  We do not share the information subject to that law for those covered purposes.   For information about other California privacy rights you may have, please see the below sections.
15. Privacy Rights and Information for Residents of California and Other Applicable States
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to residents of California. Other states’ laws (upon becoming effective) provide similar (though not identical) rights to their own residents – including residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (“Other Applicable States”).  This Section of the Privacy Policy applies if you are a natural person who is a resident of one of those states, or of California (“California Consumer”), when we act in the capacity as a business or controller as defined by the laws of such states.   This Addendum supplements the information and disclosures in the Privacy Policy for residents of those states that recognize these particularized rights.
The following sets forth the categories of information we collect and purposes for which we may use Consumers’ personal information. (Examples provided for each category are merely examples found in the statute, and do not indicate that we necessarily collect that type of information or identifier.)
Our Collection of Consumer Personal Information
Depending on how you interact with us, we may collect about you the categories of information summarized in the table below. The following table also describes how we collect and use such categories of information.  We do not knowingly collect consumer information deemed “sensitive” under the CCPA, such as information that reveals race, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation or information about specific medical conditions.
Category (examples for each are statutory; all may not be collected)
Business Purpose
Categories of Sources
Identifiers, e.g., name; alias; postal address; mobile ad identifiers; IP address; telephone number; email address; social network handles
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Data compilers and consumer data platforms and aggregators, informational and retail websites (“Commercial Source Categories”)Consumers (through browsers, apps, and mobile devices) (“Consumers”)Ad networks Our affiliates (“Affiliates”), including the following: Addination Amobee ANZ Pty Ltd Amobee Asia Pte Amobee EMEA Ltd Amobee Ltd Nexxen Group US Holdings Inc Perk.com Canada Inc. SpearAd Taptica Inc Unmedia Video Distribution Sdn Bhd Unruly Group, LLC Unruly Media KK Unruly Media Pte. Ltd Unruly Media Pty Ltd
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or other US law (inferenced or actual, including self-reported)
e.g., race; color; religion; sex/gender; pregnancy, marital status; military or veteran status; national origin; ancestry; age (over 40) (may be inferenced, actual or self-reported)
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesConsumersAd networksOur affiliates
Commercial or transactions information
e.g., products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, including regarding cannabis products and services.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesOur affiliates
Internet or other electronic network activity information
e.g., browsing history; online interests.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Geolocation data
e.g., latitude/longitude coordinates from mobile devices
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Professional or employment-related information
e.g., current or past job history or job title.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesPublic records and other publicly available sources
Inferenced Data
e.g., consumer information, lifestyle or purchasing preferences.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Our Disclosure, Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
We may share and sell the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes, with service providers and with third parties including our Customers, advertising platforms, and those advertising platforms’ customers.  These business purposes often involve cross-context behavioral advertising, also known as “targeted” advertising.
The table below describes how and with whom we share or disclose personal information, and whether we believe we have “sold” or “shared” a particular category of information in the prior 12 months.   “Sharing” information is a concept defined under California privacy laws (but not necessarily other states’ privacy laws) and includes using (or permitting others to use) the information we collect for cross-context or “targeted” advertising.  (In our case – because we often earn money in exchange for making available information for advertising purposes – we may be involved in both a “sale” and a “share” of that information.)
For maximal transparency, we have been deliberately inclusive in our terminology, by including within categories both types of third parties (e.g., “retailers”) and types of platforms through which those third parties might access data (e.g., “advertising networks”). We reiterate that examples provided for each category are merely examples found in the statute, and do not indicate that we necessarily sell, disclose, and/or share that type of information or identifier.
Category
Categories of Third Parties We May Share With
Whether We “Sold” or “Shared” This Category of Personal Information in the Last 12 Months
Identifiers
, e.g., name; alias; postal address; mobile ad identifiers; IP address; telephone number; email address; social network handles
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or US law (inferenced or actual)
e.g., race; color; religion; sex/gender; pregnancy, marital status; military or veteran status; national origin; ancestry; age (over 40) (may be inferenced, actual or self-reported)
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Commercial or transactions information
e.g., products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Internet or other electronic network activity information
e.g., browsing history; online interests.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Professional or employment-related information
e.g., current or past job history or job title.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Inference Data
e.g., consumer information, lifestyle or purchasing preferences.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Please see the below sections to learn the purposes for which we collect and share personal information.
Our Business for Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We
collect
and
share
the personal information that we collect for the below purposes, as we also have described in our Privacy Policy and/or our website.
Online targeting, for example:
Creating or helping to create defined audience segments based on common demographics and/or shared (actual or inferred) interests or preferences (e.g., households with prospective students).  These audience segments may be based on the collective website behavior of consumers and indicate whether a consumer is likely to want to make a particular type of purchase or engage in a particular type of commercial behavior.   We also sometimes work with a data partner that “matches” our or other Information through coded identification techniques (such as through coded data “hashing”) with online cookies and other identifiers to target and measure ad campaigns online across various display, mobile and other media channels.We also create or assisting customers in creating or enhancing “identity” graphs to help locate consumers across various channels, such as based on common personal, device-based, or network-based identifiers (e.g., IP address, email address)We also use the personal information we collect or receive online to provide related services, such as for measuring the effectiveness of and otherwise analyzing ad campaigns.
We use personal information for other internal purposes, for example:
For internal research, internal operations, auditing, detecting security incidents, debugging, short-term and transient use, quality control, and legal compliance.We sometimes use the personal information collected from our own website, from social networks, from other “business to business” interactions (such as at trade shows) or from data compilers for the above purposes, as well as for our own marketing purposes.
We also may share any of the personal information we collect for other legal, corporate or operational purposes. Sharing for legal purposes.  For instance,
we may share personal information with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, legal rights, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our customers, our agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public.  Sharing to prevent consumer harm or fraud.  We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.Sharing for purposes of a corporate transaction.  We may also share personal information in the event of a major corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
Sharing With Service Providers:
We share any personal information we collect with our service providers, which may include (for instance) providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our services.
Sharing of Aggregate Information:
We may aggregate and/or de-identify any information collected so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device (“
Aggregate/De-Identified Information
”). We may use Aggregate/De-Identified Information for any purpose, including, without limitation, for research and marketing purposes, and we may also share such data with any third parties, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors, in our discretion.
Our Retention of Information
We retain personal information as a “business” or “controller” under applicable state privacy laws if it is relevant and useful for purposes of our products and services or we have a legal or compliance reason to do so, and provided the information is not subject to a valid request for deletion.  (We may retain information after deletion where legally permitted or required for a legal compliance, auditing or accounting reason.)
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
As noted above, residents of certain U.S. states have particular privacy rights, including residents of California and (upon various “effective” dates occurring during 2023) Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (“Applicable State Residents”).  The scope and nature of these rights vary in each state, so we have sought to explain these rights in the most transparent and uniform terms, below.
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents, as well as residents of the Applicable States, have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect from you, to delete that information, and to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, subject to certain restrictions.  If you are a resident of such a state, you also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf (so long as your state of residence continues to recognize that right).
This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests.  (To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.)
We may withhold these rights to the extent that the law in your state of residence does not recognize or no longer recognizes these rights.
Note that sometimes, we act only as a “service provider” or “processor” to our customers (for instance, if they provide information to us solely to use our marketing or data management tools), in which case any consumer requests for opt-out, deletion or access to data must be made through that client: we therefore will forward any such requests to a named client, where feasible.
a. The right to access, correction and disclosure
You may have the right to request, twice during a twelve-month period, the following information about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months:
the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;
the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information; and
the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose.
You also may request correction of your personal information, such as if you believe we have incorrect information pertaining to you.
b. The right to deletion
You may have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you.  Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.  We need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you, and may retain certain information for important business purposes, such as fulfilling our legal obligations, or for security, auditing or de-bugging purposes.
c. How to exercise your access and deletion rights
California residents and residents of Other Applicable States may exercise their access or deletion rights by accessing our
“Manage user data” page
or by sending an email to privacyrights@nexxen.com.
For security purposes, we will verify your identity – in part by requesting or automatically capturing certain information from you — when you request to exercise your applicable privacy rights.  For instance, you may need to provide your email address. To request that we provide you with the specific pieces of personal information we have from you or to delete personal information we have collected from you, we may also need to ask you for additional information to verify your identity.  Once we have verified your identity (and your agent, as applicable), we will respond to your request as appropriate.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA or other applicable law.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA or other applicable law.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above or another permissible business, security or legal purpose.  Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
d. The right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
e. The right to “opt-out” of the sale of your personal information
You have the right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information.  California law (for instance) broadly defines sale such that it may include, for example, allowing third parties to receive and use certain information, such as cookies IP address and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising.
If you wish to “opt out” of our “sale” of your information, i.e., for purposes of personalized advertising, we recommend employing the options we provide and explain in
Section 6
.   However, you may also visit the interactive form that we make available at to exercise your data subject rights
https://yourdata.nexxen.com
f. Authorized Agent
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights, where applicable state law (such as the CCPA) permits you to do so.   In such case, we will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a validly executed power of attorney.
g. Right to Appeal
In some states you have a right to appeal our decision about how or whether we honor your privacy rights request(s).  In the event that we inform you that we will not, or believe we cannot, honor a particular consumer request (for instance, if we have determined we cannot verify your identity, or if we believe you are not entitled to the scope of deletion you request), and you live in such a state, you may appeal our determination by emailing us at
privacyrights@nexxen.com
.
Opt-out of sale requests are often effectively accomplished through automated suppression methods, either by a consumer causing another website (such as a content publisher) to avoid selling browser-related data, or by deploying our opt-out cookie located at
https://yourdata.nexxen.com
as well as on various industry opt-out pages.  Opting out in these ways causes data associated with a consumer’s device to be effectively disassociated from their device and/or suppressed from usage.
Annual Data Requests
The table below sets forth additional privacy disclosures with respect to our processing of data subject rights requests. Between January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023, across the United States, we processed the following data subject requests of consumers:
Request Type
Number Received
Number Complied with in Whole or Part
Number Denied*
Median Response Time in Days**
Mean Response Time in Days**
Access
186
28
158
44
44
Delete
47
38
9
21
36
Opt-Out
131
15
116
45
45
*Data subject could not be verified.
** Indicates maximum response time based on fulfillment across all states.
Texas Data Broker Disclosure:
THE ENTITY MAINTAINING THIS WEBSITE IS A DATA BROKER UNDER TEXAS LAW. TO CONDUCT BUSINESS IN TEXAS, A DATA BROKER MUST REGISTER WITH THE TEXAS SECRETARY OF STATE (TEXAS SOS). INFORMATION ABOUT DATA BROKER REGISTRANTS IS AVAILABLE ON THE TEXAS SOS WEBSITE.
https://www.sos.state.tx.us/index.shtml
16. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or requests please contact us by email at privacyrights@nexxen.com or 82 Yigal Alon St. 13th Floor Tel-Aviv, 6789124 Israel.
Sub-policy 11
http://sonobi.com/privacy-policy/:
We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our  1416 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing.Your preferences will apply to this website only and will be stored in Browser Cookies for 13 months. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
September 13, 2024
OVERVIEW
Who we are
We are Sonobi, Inc., an independent technology company serving both media brands/publishers and advertisers/agencies. We are a Delaware corporation, having an address at 444 W New England Avenue, Suite 220 Winter Park, FL 32789. All references in this Privacy Policy to “Sonobi,” “our,“ “us,” or “we,” refer to Sonobi, Inc. All references in this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to “our website” means the website operated by Sonobi located at:
www.sonobi.com
(the “Site”).
Our values and the purpose of this Privacy Policy
We value your privacy and want to be accountable and fair to you as well as transparent with you in the way that we collect and use your personal information.  We also want you to know your rights in relation to your information.
In line with these values, this Privacy Policy describes how we may collect information about you when you visit our Site, or the websites, mobile apps, and other internet connected digital media properties of our media brand/publisher clients (each, a “Client Digital Property”), or click on an advertisement from our advertising/agency clients (each, a “Client Advertisement”), purchase our Services, or otherwise communicate or interact with us in person or electronically. By visiting our Site, purchasing our using our Services, or otherwise interacting with us online or offline, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Who this Privacy Policy applies to
This Privacy Policy applies to (1) personnel at media brand/publisher clients, advertiser/agency clients, or other clients (together with media brands/publishers and advertisers/agencies, our “Clients”) that purchase access to our Jetstream Publisher Suite, Jetstream Agency Suite or other services we may offer from time to time (collectively, the “Services”), (2) visitors to our Site, (3) individuals who contact us with inquiries or requests, (4) our vendors, suppliers and service providers and their personnel, and (5) end users who are served advertisements on a Client Digital Property or Client Advertisements through our Services (collectively, “End Users”). Depending on our relationship, we may collect, receive, and/or use your information in different ways.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In the course of operating the Site and providing our Services, Sonobi may collect and/or receive the following types of information.
Contact and other Personal Information
We collect contact information on our Site and through our Services; contact information typically includes your name, mailing address, email address, company, job title, phone number, date of birth, username and password, online account authentication details and any information you provide in messages and forms to us.
Server Logs
Like most websites today, the web servers for our Site keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. The log files contain data about the nature of such access, including the device’s IP address, user agent string (e.g., operating system and browser type/version), and referral URL (i.e., the external source by which you arrived at our Site, or the pages you’ve clicked on while on our Site).
Cookies
We collect information using “cookie” technology. Cookies are small packets of data that a website stores on your computer’s or mobile device’s hard drive (or other storage medium) so that your computer or mobile device will “remember” information about your visit. We use both 1
st
and 3
rd
-party session cookies and persistent cookies. Below is a general primer on session and persistent cookies; information collected by cookies depends on its particular purpose. Also, please see the information regarding analytics providers discussed further below.
Session Cookies
: We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site and Services. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.
Persistent Cookies
: A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time or until you delete them. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your web browser’s “help” file. To the extent we provide a log-in portal or related feature on our Services, persistent cookies can be used to store your passwords so that you don’t have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our visitors to personalize the experience on our Site and Services.
The table below sets out how we use different categories of cookies and similar technologies and your options for managing the setting for these:
Type
Description
Managing Settings
Required Cookies – Strictly Necessary
These are required cookies that enable you to navigate the Website and use its features.
There is no option to opt out of these cookies.
Functional Cookies – Not Strictly Necessary
Functional cookies allow us to remember information you have submitted or choices you have made and provide you with a more enhanced and personal experience.
To manage the use of functional cookies, please consult your browser settings. Opting out may impact the functionality you receive when using our Website. To adjust individual browser cookie settings, you make you may visit these pages:
Google Chrome
Safari
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Targeting or Advertising  Cookies – Not Strictly Necessary
These tools allow us to provide targeted advertising in the future.
To learn how to opt out of particular targeted advertising see Your Choices section below.
If you decide not to accept cookies from us, certain aspects of the Site and Services may not function properly or as intended.
Third-Party Analytics Providers
We may use one or more third–party analytics services to evaluate your use of the Site and Services, as the case may be, by compiling reports on activity (based on their collection of IP addresses, Internet service provider, browser type, operating system and language, referring and exit pages and URLs, data and time, amount of time spent on particular pages, what sections of the Site and Services you visit, number of links clicked, search terms and other similar usage data) and analyzing performance metrics. These third parties may use cookies and other technologies to help collect, analyze, and provide us reports or other data.
By accessing and using the Site and purchasing our Services, you consent to the processing of data about you by these analytics providers in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. For more information on these third parties, including how to opt out from certain data collection, please visit
the
ir respective sites. Please be advised that if you opt out of any such service, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Site and Services.
Third Party Advertisers/Remarketers
We may share or receive information about you with/from third parties, including, but not limited to, advertising and remarketing providers, or similar partners, for purposes of personalizing or otherwise understanding how you engage with ads or other content. These third parties may use cookies, pixel tags, or other technologies to collect information in furtherance of such purposes, including to tailor, target (i.e., behavioral, contextual, retargeting, and remarketing), analyze, report on, and/or manage advertising campaigns or other initiatives. For example, when a browser visits a site, pixel tags enable us and these third-parties to recognize certain cookies stored within the browser to learn which ads or other content bring a user to a given site. Information that we may receive from these third parties, including through their service providers, may include advertising identifiers, IP addresses, reports, and campaign data. By accessing and using the Site or purchasing our Services, you consent to the processing of data about you by these advertisers/remarketing providers in the manner and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. If you are an End User, please see the ONWARD TRANSFER TO THIRD PARTIES section of this Privacy Policy for more about what our Clients’ third party vendors, which include third party advertisers/remarketers, collect about you through the Services and how we work with them.
Geolocation Information
With your consent, we may automatically collect precise geolocation information from your device via your browser’s location services. This consent may be provided by you on the device level (e.g., you have consented to location services generally through your browser’s settings) or by accepting our request for geolocation access on the Site or through the Services.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM END USERS
When an End User interacts with a Client Digital Property or a Client Advertisement, in the course of providing our Services we may collect, directly and indirectly through third party advertisers/remarketers and our Clients, the following types of information:
Web Browser Information
Information about an End User’s browser including: the type of web browser an End User uses, browser language, browser settings, and browser plug-in types and version and other cookie and pixel tag (also called web beacons or clear gifs)  information.
Device Information
Information about an End User’s device including device operating system version, connection type, device make, device model, device identifiers such as your IDFA or AAID, and the IP address from which the device accesses a Client Digital Property or a Client Advertisement.
Geolocation Information
Precise geographic location information when location services have been enabled for a Client Digital Property on an End User’s device that sends that information to our Services.
Activity on Client Digital Property
Information about an End User’s activity on a Client Digital Property including web pages or apps visited or used and the time those web pages or apps were visited or used, web page or app interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-over), the website you visited before and after engaging with a Client Digital Property or a Client Advertisement, the methods used to browse away from the Client Digital Property or Client Advertisement. We may also obtain your email address and Client issued identifiers from the Client Digital Property.
Advertisement Engagement
Information about Client Advertisements served, viewed or clicked on, including the type of advertisements, where the advertisement was served, whether an End User clicked on it and whether an End User visited the Client’s website or downloaded the Client’s app.
Connected TV
Information regarding the content and data viewed, and/or connected TV identifiers, as applicable, may be collected from an End User’s connected television for tailored advertising purposes.
Internet Service Information
Information about an End Users internet service including information about which internet service provider is used by the End User.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use your information that we collect and/or receive, including personal information, to provide you with and improve our Site and Services, to provide our Services to our Clients, to process any requests made by you, communicate with you, or to identify and fix problems with the Site and the Services. We may also use your information that we collect and/or receive, including personal information, for the following purposes:
To operate, maintain, manage, and improve the Site and the Services
To enable your use of the Site and the Services;
To advertise and market the Site and the Services, and to otherwise provide you with information about the Site and the Services;
To respond to your inquiries or issues you have about our Site and Services;
To send you email alerts (including marketing emails) about our Site and Services such as service announcements and administrative messages;
To measure Site and Services usage;
To develop new features, content and materials for the Site and the Services;
To monitor and troubleshoot errors and incidents and provide you with support in connection with the Site and the Services;
To optimize your experience with the Site and the Services including to recognize you when you return to our Site and to store information about your preferences;
To enhance the security of our Site and Services;
To prevent, detect and investigate any activities that are potentially prohibited, malicious, fraudulent, unlawful or contrary to good practice on our Site or through our Services;
To analyze web traffic to the Site and through the Services;
To provide requested Services and communicate about our offerings;
To provide Services to our Clients which may include:
compiling statistics about the advertising transactions occurring through our Services,
analyzing campaign forecasts and projections to assist clients in their advertising efforts, and
analyzing and reporting on campaign and ad and/or ad inventory performance;
permitting our Clients and their third party vendors, which include third party advertisers/remarketers, to use End User information to engage in interest-based advertising, including to create inferences and profiles about an End User’s interests and serve ads based on those interests, frequency capping, ad sequencing, geo-targeting; contextual or viewed content targeting, and cross-app and cross-device mapping and advertising;
To enable us to receive and manage services from you (including supplier due diligence, payment, expense reporting and financial audits);
To conduct background checks as required by applicable law;
To investigate and manage inquiries, disputes and legal proceedings;
To comply with court orders, mandatory dispute resolution determinations and mandatory government authority or law enforcement orders or directions;
As described to you when collecting your information;
To evaluate or consummate a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which your information, including personal information, is among the assets transferred.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We keep your personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the personal information is collected and processed, and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.  Typically, we retain your personal information for a period of 4 years. If your personal information is used for ad targeting purposes and is based on cookies, we will typically retain your personal information in a form that identifies you for no more than 30 days. At all times your personal information is subject to the protections set forth in this Privacy Policy.  After the applicable time periods expire, we may either delete your personal information or retain it in a form such that it does not identify you personally.
You have the right to access, modify, or delete your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or the handling of your data, please contact us.
ONWARD TRANSFER TO THIRD PARTIES
Clients
If you are an End User that interacts with a Client Digital Property or a Client Advertisement, through our Services we may share your personal information with our Clients and, pursuant to our Clients’ instructions, with their third party vendors, for the purpose of tailoring, analyzing, managing, reporting, optimizing and otherwise engaging in interest-based advertising on their Client Digital Property or in connection with a Client Advertisement.  When you interact with a Client Digital Property or a Client Advertisement, our Client may allow its third party vendors, which include third party advertisers/remarketers, to access your device and collect the information described in the ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FROM END USERS section of this Privacy Policy. Sonobi does not decide which of these third party vendors may receive your personal information. While we obtain assurances from Clients with whom we share your information that they will comply with applicable laws, when Clients use and/or remove information from the Services, their use of that information is governed by their own privacy policies and applicable laws, rules or regulations.
Service Providers
Like many businesses, we hire other companies to perform certain business-related services. We may disclose personal information to certain types of third party companies but only to the extent needed to enable them to provide such services. The types of companies that may receive personal information, and their functions, consist of the following: hosting services, technical assistance, database management/back-up services, use analytics (as described above in Third Party Analytics Providers), email marketing platforms, third party advertisers/remarketers (as described above under Third Party Advertisers/Remarketers) and customer service.
Promotional and Marketing Partners
In order to provide our Site and Services and administer promotional programs, we may share your personal information with our third-party promotional and marketing partners, including, without limitation, businesses participating in our various programs.
Affiliated Companies
We may also disclose personal information to our parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures, or other companies under common control in order to support marketing, sale and delivery of any services.
Aggregate Information
We may share aggregated information with our affiliates, agents, and business partners. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe the Site and Services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
Business Transfers
In the event of a merger, dissolution, reorganization or similar corporate event, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, we expect that the information that we have collected, including personal information, would be transferred to the surviving entity in a merger or the acquiring entity. All such transfers shall be subject to our commitments with respect to the privacy and confidentiality of such personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy shall be binding upon Sonobi and its legal successors in interest.
Disclosure to Public Authorities
We are required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including lawful requests seeking information to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also disclose personal information to other third parties when compelled to do so by government authorities or required by law or regulation including, but not limited to, in response to court orders and subpoenas.
YOUR CHOICES
Opt Out of Direct Marketing, E-mail Management
You may opt out at any time from the use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes by emailing the instructions to privacy@analyticpartners.com or by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of any Sonobi marketing email and following the instructions found on the page to which the link takes you. Please allow us a reasonable time to process your request. You cannot opt out of receiving transactional e-mails related to the Site and Services.
Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising
Web Browsers
To opt out of (i) our use of cookie technology for interest-based targeting advertising based on your web browsing behavior on our Site or (ii) if you are an End User, having Clients use our Services to select ads for your browsers based on your online web browsing behavior, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) centralized opt out page at
www.optout.networkadvertising.org
. You can also review your opt in status or learn more about interest-based advertising by visiting the NAI opt out page.
You can also opt out of interest-based advertising across websites through the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) centralized opt-out page at
https://youradchoices.com/control
.
Mobile Apps
Mobile device system software, such as Apple iOS or Google Play Services, provide mechanisms that allow users to opt out of the use of information about their usage of mobile apps to deliver targeted ads to their mobile device. For more information, or to opt out of the use these mechanisms, consult your device settings (“Opt out of Personalized Ads” on Android devices and “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices). You may also visit the NAI’s mobile choice opt-out page at
www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
for the NAI’s mobile opt out instructions.
Sonobi adheres to the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Interest Based Advertising.
Geolocation Data
Most mobile devices offer you the ability to stop the collection of location information at any time by changing the preferences on your device.  You may also be able to stop the collection of location information by particular apps by adjusting the settings for individual apps or following the standard uninstall process to remove specific mobile apps from your device.  Note when location services have not been enabled in any of your apps, we can still infer data about your location based on your IP address.
Other Internet Connected Devices
Your internet-connected device(s) (e.g. a smart TV or a set-top box) may give you the ability to opt-out of the use of information for advertising purposes.  To determine if your Internet-connected device has these options, please visit your device’s settings menu. You may also visit the NAI’s connected tv opt-out page at
www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices
for the NAI’s tv opt out instructions. Sonobi applies industry opt out signals for connected televisions.
Internet Advertising Bureau
Sonobi participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Sonobi’s identification number within the framework is 104.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Sonobi takes very seriously the security and privacy of the personal information that it collects and/or receives pursuant to this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, we implement reasonable and appropriate industry-standard security measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in processing and the nature of such data, and comply with applicable laws and regulations.  Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable.  We cannot guarantee the security of our databases or the databases of the third parties with which we may share your information (as permitted herein), nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet.  In particular, e-mail sent to us may not be secure, and you should, therefore, take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail.
CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16 through the Site or Services. If you are under 16, please do not give us any personal information.  We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide personal information without their permission.  If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us, please contact us at privacy@sonobi.com, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO ALL NON-US RESIDENTS
Our servers are located in the US and elsewhere.  Please be aware that your information may be transferred to, processed, maintained, and used on computers, servers, and systems located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your country of origin.  If you are located outside the United States and choose to use the Site or Services, you do so at your own risk.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of California you have additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) and other California laws. For more information about your rights under the CCPA and other California laws, please visit our
Privacy Notice to California Residents
.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO NEVADA RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personal information to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal information. You can exercise this right by contacting us at support@sonobi.com with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A (“Chapter 603A”).
IMPORTANT NOTICES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have additional rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). For more information about your rights under the GDPR, please visit our GDPR Notice. The term “European Economic Area” will have the meaning set forth in the GDPR Notice.
LINKS TO EXTERNAL WEBSITES
The Site and Services may contain links to third-party websites (“
External Sites
”). Sonobi has no control over the privacy practices or the content of any such External Sites.  As such, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of such External Sites. You should check the applicable privacy policy and terms of use when visiting any such External Sites.
GOOGLE ADVERTISING
The Company may work with Google to deliver the best advertising opportunities to its Clients. Traffic Clients and other data subjects can consult Google’s policies to learn more about Google’s processing policies. In particular, Google may use remarketing tags (please visit
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
to learn more about the third parties Google works with) and other advertising cookies.
FEEDBACK
We are always looking to improve the information we provide to our Clients, Site visitors and other contacts so if you have any feedback on this Privacy Policy, let us know by emailing us at
privacy@sonobi.com
.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the last updated date stated at the top of this Privacy Policy.  We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time with or without notice to you. By accessing the Site or Services after we make any such changes to this Privacy Policy, you are deemed to have accepted such changes.  Please be aware that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, our use of the information collected is governed by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collect the information.  Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at privacy@sonobi.com with “Privacy Policy” in the subject line, or contact us at the address below:
Sonobi, Inc.
444 West New England Ave.
Suite 220
Winter Park, Florida 32789
Sub-policy 12
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/:
Platform
Monetize
SPX Monetization Solution
Integration Center
Mediation Options
Programmatic Deals
Header Bidding Solutions
Advertise
SDX Marketer Solution
Extend Your Reach
Customer Data Platform (CDP)
Consent Management Platform (CMP)
Smaato Intelligence (SI)
Prepackaged Deals
Omnichannel Advertising
Native Ads
OTT/CTV Ads
Video Ads
Display Ads
Market Quality
Overview
Ad Quality
Traffic Quality
Insights
Case Studies
Guides and Reports
Videos & Webinars
Whitepapers
View All
Company
About
Events
Careers
Our Values
In the News
Marketplace Overview
Blog
Docs
Contact
Log In
Publishers: SPX
Marketers: SDX
Get Started
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Smaato Privacy Policy governing information provided to us from your use of the Smaato Site
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EU Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Applicant Privacy Notice
SG Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Notice
Publisher Policies
Demand Policies
Partner List
Cookie Policy
SDK License Agreement
Effective Date:
November 7, 2024
1. Introduction and Background
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
6. Data Access and Retention
7. Data Security
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
9. Users from Outside the United States
10. California Do-Not-Track Statement
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
14. Contacting Us
Smaato, Inc. (“Smaato,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) provides this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Smaato’s handling of two types of information:
Information we receive from our Clients about end users (“End Users”) of third-party mobile applications (“apps”) that use our Software Development Kit (“SDK”), other collection interfaces (collectively, “APIs”), the Smaato Demand Platform (“SDX”), or the Smaato Publisher Platform (“SPX”) (collectively, the “Smaato Ad Services”), and
Information we receive through our corporate website at www.smaato.com or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as information we get through other corporate services and web portals we make available to clients and business partners (“Smaato Websites”). We describe the information received through the Smaato Websites in Section 5 below, titled “Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites.”
We encourage consumers to learn about how information (including information we collect) can be used to market to them, and how to exercise their choices to permit or limit such marketing. We describe ways consumers can exercise that choice or opt-out of marketing in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
1. Introduction and Background
Smaato provides mobile advertising technology services that facilitate transactions among demand-side platforms, advertisers, app developers, publishers of mobile websites and/or apps, and ad exchanges (collectively, “Clients”), and service providers (collectively “Partners”). We do this by making available the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to Clients. Clients use the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to deliver advertising to End Users, and we in turn provide our services to help Clients (and their own customers) to deliver ads that are of interest to End Users. We explain what SDKs and APIs are in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs,” which also explains how cookies and similar technologies (which we also use to provide the Smaato Ad Services) work.
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
a. Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
Through the Smaato Ad Services, we may collect information about End Users (to the extent that Clients pass such information to Smaato), which includes:
IP addresses, from which geographic location may be inferred, as well as system configuration information such as information about End Users’ operating system;
Rough geolocation information;
Cookie IDs, Mobile advertising identifiers, such as iOS IDFAs and Google Advertising IDs (collectively, “Mobile IDs”);
Age;
Gender;
Device type and other device information (e.g., whether an End User is using a smartphone or tablet, and related information);
Network provider;
Mobile browser (e.g., Firefox, Safari, and Chrome); and
Other unique identifiers that may be associated with an End Users’ device, including identifiers provided by Clients or their service providers.
We refer to all of the above information as the “Service Information.”
b. How We Use the Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
We use the Service Information to provide a variety of services to our Clients related to advertising and marketing, including services we may describe elsewhere on Smaato Websites. This includes use of the Service Information for purposes such as to:
Provide customer, technical, and operational support for the Smaato Ad Services, detect and protect against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity, and resolve disputes and enforce our terms and conditions and other rights we may have. This may also include analyzing, customizing, and improving the features of the Smaato Ad Services;
Provide information and analytics to Clients about the advertising inventory provided through the Smaato Ad Services;
We, or our Clients, may deploy online cookies to track End Users across mobile websites and/or apps, or to associate End Users and these cookies with Mobile IDs. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons and SDKs, in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.”
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Ad Services
We share the Service Information with Clients and Partners in order to provide the Smaato Ad Services. For example, we share the Service Information with:
Clients and their marketing and service providers, so they may provide targeted advertising to End Users on mobile websites and/or apps;
Partners that facilitate the functioning of the Smaato Ad Services (e.g., traffic and ad quality verification vendors and data centers).
Even when a Client no longer accesses our SDK, we may continue to use and share Service Information as described in this Policy. The processes we described above often involve cookies or similar technologies, which may be associated with other information about End Users, such as End Users’ interests, demographics, or transactions. This is generally known as “interest-based advertising.” We encourage individuals who are interested in controlling or learning about this type of advertising to go to Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” or go to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA’s) website at www.aboutads.info. We may also share Service Information with third parties:
Pursuant to a request or authorization by an End User or Client;
If the disclosure is provided to: (a) comply in good faith with applicable laws, rules, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders, or subpoenas, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement; (b) enforce our terms and conditions or other agreements; or (c) protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity;
Where the information is aggregated or de-identified; and
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence).
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
a. Cookies and Pixel Tags
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such as unique browser identifiers. Cookies are stored on your computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your browser. Our servers may deploy a cookie on your browser when you visit the Smaato Websites. Our Clients and Partners may do likewise on the Smaato Websites, our Clients’ and Partners’ websites, and elsewhere. Smaato may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. Persistent cookies, unlike session cookies, remain after you close your browser, and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to any given website. Using persistent cookies, a site operator (or a third party they work with) can “remember” what you have previously done on a website and personalize the site, or ads you see, for you. This technology may also provide a site operator or third party (or us, when you visit the Smaato Websites) with information regarding your IP address, browser type, the web pages that you visit just before or after visiting a website, the web pages viewed, and the dates and times of your visits. A pixel tag (also commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel that is placed on certain web pages. When you access a web page with a pixel tag, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the visit, and permit us, or our Clients or Partners, to set or read cookies. Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to track the activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect a given website visit. We, alone or with our Clients and Partners, may use cookies to, for example, “remember” you, track trends, and collect information about how you use our Clients’ or Partners’ websites or interact with advertising. We, and our Clients and Partners, use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from accessing some of the Smaato Websites’ functionalities and offerings, and those of other websites you visit.
b. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We, or our Clients or Partners, may use or work with mobile SDKs (including our own SDK(s), which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect information, such as Mobile IDs, and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact with our Smaato Ad Services and those using our Smaato Ad Services. The SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. Sometimes, we obtain data through other (generally, simpler) interfaces that deliver similar data to us, which are commonly referred to (and which we refer to) as APIs. We may use these technologies, for example, to analyze or measure certain advertising through apps and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you would like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
In most cases, consumers have control over whether or not they would like to receive relevant ads and marketing emails from our Clients. To change the settings for the cookies Smaato sets on your devices through the Smaato Websites, please visit our Cookie Policy.
a. Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising from Cookies
You can opt-out of many of the publishers, platforms and service providers we work with that support online interest-based advertising from cookies or similar technologies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info (or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in the European Union). Some of our publisher Clients have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their websites or their online-posted privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of those companies for these opt-out links if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a certain company, or multiple companies. You can also click below to opt-out of having the Smaato Ad services used to select ads for your browser based on your online web browsing behavior. When you opt-out, an opt-out cookie (from smaato.net) will be stored in your web browser. Our platform will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and will apply your choice to all companies using Smaato Ad services for online interest-based advertising from cookies. Please note: This type of opt-out is cookie-based, which means that if you block cookies, upgrade your browser or delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again. Also, in order for your opt-out choice to be effective, you must ensure that your browser is set to accept third-party cookies such as the Smaato opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. If you use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. Even if you opt-out, Smaato may continue to collect data for other purposes and you still will receive advertising from the Smaato Ad Service when you visit websites of a publisher Client who uses our Platform – but such advertising will not be personalized to you.
b. Opting Out of Cross-App Advertising on Mobile Devices
You can opt-out of having your Mobile IDs used for certain types of interest-based mobile advertising (also called “cross-app advertising”), including those performed by Smaato, by accessing the settings on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows:
Apple Devices: If you have an Apple device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher and enabling “Limit Ad Tracking.”
iOS 7 and Higher: Go to Settings → Privacy → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
iOS 6: Go to Settings → General → About → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
Android Devices: If you have an Android device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by going to Google Settings → Ads, and selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads.
Please note that these platforms control how these settings work, so the above instructions may change, and the precise language may be different on certain (particularly, on older) devices. Likewise, if your device uses other platforms not described above, please check the settings for those devices.
c. Additional Choices
Advertisers may also provide ways for you to opt-out from, or limit their collection of, certain information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy policies for retailers, apps, and mobile websites to learn more about their privacy practices. You may opt-out from receiving promotional emails from us, such as emails to inform you about events and new services, by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in any promotional email you receive, or by contacting us at
marketing@smaato.com
*protected email*
. Please note, however, that we may still send you non-promotional emails relating to your relationship with us.
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
a. Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
The Smaato Websites provide information regarding Smaato and our products and services. Through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, and we may also obtain automatically-collected information.
i. Information You Disclose to Us
When registering for an account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Smaato or our products and services, or otherwise contacting us through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, and other billing information. You may also provide us with certain information about your business or other individuals.
ii. Automatically-Collected Information
When you visit the Smaato Websites, we may use cookies and pixel tags that we associate with unique identifiers to keep track of visitor interactions and personalize your experience on the Smaato Websites. For more information, please see Section 3 above, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.” We may also use third-party services, such as Google Analytics, that gather information such as your IP address, browser type, the web page from which you came to the Smaato Websites, and the times of your visit. In addition, as you browse the Smaato Websites, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can “remember” your interests. Our display advertising partners may then help us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the Smaato Websites. To opt-out of such interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Opting out in this way will not prevent you from receiving ads; rather, the ads you see will be less customized to you.
b. How We Use Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
In addition to the uses described elsewhere in this Policy, we use the information we collect through the Smaato Websites (alone or in combination) to provide, market, improve, and operate the Smaato Websites, Smaato Ad Services, and any other products or services we have or may develop. This includes use of the information to:
Fulfill your requests;
Send information about our products and services, including marketing communications;
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries;
Create aggregated or de-identified information;
Comply with applicable laws, prevent fraud, mitigate risk, and perform similar purposes;
Understand usage trends and preferences;
Analyze, improve, and provide products and services;
Customize the content and advertising you see on the Smaato Websites, across the Internet, and elsewhere; and/or
Perform other purposes at your request.
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
We may share the information we collect through the Smaato Websites in the following situations:
With your consent, including through this Policy;
With our affiliates;
With third parties that help us to operate our business and provide our services, such as entities that provide us with technical, customer, billing, administrative, event planning, marketing, or operational services;
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence);
When required by law or in response to lawful process, such as a subpoena, or to cooperate in good faith with a request from a government or law enforcement agency or official, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement;
If we believe sharing the information may prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss; or
If we believe sharing the information is necessary to protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
With respect to aggregated or de-identified information, we may share such information without restriction.
d. Analytics Services
For the purpose of designing our website in line with your needs, evaluating it from a business management perspective, controlling it and continuously optimizing our pages, we use services described in more detail below on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) and f) GDPR. All of the mentioned processing operations result in a transfer of data to the servers of the providers of tracking or targeting technologies commissioned by us. Some of these servers are located in the USA. The data transfer is based on so-called standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission or under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles and and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the/or Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles. If you do not agree with the storage and evaluation of your data, you can object to the storage and processing of your data in the consent banner on our website. In this case, a so-called opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser, which means that the services used will not process any session data. However, you may then no longer be able to use all the functions on our websites. You can also prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of our websites to their full extent.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use the reCaptcha service of Google LLC (“Google”), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, to protect us from spam and misuse. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. This service serves to distinguish whether an entry was made by a human being or abusively by automated, machine processing. To determine this, Google places a cookie in your browser when you use the reCaptcha service and collects and processes the following data:
Referrer URL (address of the page on which the captcha is used)
Browser, browser size and resolution, browser plug-ins, date, language setting
Mouse- or Touch-Events within the reCaptcha box
Assignment to a Google account (if you are currently logged in to Google when using the reCaptcha service, this will be recognized and assigned)
Your input behaviour (e.g. answering the reCAPTCHA question, input speed into the form fields, order of selection of input fields by the user) is processed to improve pattern recognition on Google. Google also reads the cookies from other Google services such as Gmail, Search and Analytics. All of the above data is sent to Google in encrypted form. Google’s subsequent evaluation decides in which form the captcha is displayed on the page – in the form of a checkbox or by text input. A readout or saving of personal data from the input fields of the respective form does not take place. Further information about Google’s privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
Google Analytics – Google Universal Analytics
Smaato uses Google Universal Analytics, a web analytics tool from Google and we have a privacy agreement with Google. Google uses Cookies. The information generated by the Cookies on the use of the Smaato website by the users are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, Smaato has activated the IP anonymization, so that your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before this happens. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of Smaato, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to us in connection with the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 Par. 1 lit. f) GDPR for range measurement and evaluation (so-called statistics). In this case there is no further processing of your data for marketing or retargeting purposes. This serves the business optimization of our processes. If you have given your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR), we will also process your data for marketing purposes. You can find more information on terms of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms or https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code “gat._anonymizeIp();” in order to ensure the anonymous processing of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). If you do not agree with the processing of your data by Google Analytics, you can object here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
6. Data Access and Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the information collected from the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services for as long as necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in this Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, the United Kingdom (UK), California, or Virginia, you may obtain a copy of the information we have about you, and correct or amend such information, by contacting us at
datarights@smaato.com
*protected email*
or by submitting a request to our online web form. You may read more about this and other rights in Section 11 below.
7. Data Security
We have administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and communications networks that are designed to protect the information from loss, misuse, or alteration. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your information. To assist with data security, you understand that YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF ANY ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS THAT CAN BE USED TO ACCESS ANY ACCOUNT WITH SMAATO. ANY ACTIONS TAKEN USING YOUR ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS ARE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
This Policy only applies to the Smaato Websites and the Smaato Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that access or use the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services. Likewise, when you access the Smaato Websites, you may be directed to other websites that are also beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the industry tools that we have referenced in this Policy.
9. Users from Outside the United States
The Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States, and their operation is governed by United States law. If you are using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services from outside the United States, be aware that your Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States and other countries where our facilities are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share your information as described in this Policy. Please see Section 11 below, titled “The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)” for additional information we provide for the benefit of residents of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK.
10. California Privacy Notice
Please see our California Privacy Notice for California Consumers
here
.
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
As of May 25, 2018, a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) will be in effect through the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. The GDPR requires Smaato and those using our services to provide users with certain information about the processing of their “Personal Data.” “Personal Data” is a term used under the GDPR that means, generally, data that identifies or can identify a particular unique user or device – for instance, names, addresses, and Mobile IDs. To comply with the GDPR, we provide the below representations and information, which are specific to persons located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and to the processing of personal data in the context of the activities of Smaato, Inc., Barcastraße 5, 22087 Hamburg, Germany.
a. Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
The GDPR requires us to tell you about the legal ground we are relying on to process any Personal Data about you. The legal grounds for us processing your Personal Data for the purposes set out in Sections 1 and 2 above (and Section 5 as to the Smaato Websites) will typically be because:
You provided your consent.
In order to store and gain access to information stored on your device, we rely on your consent. For this “cookie consent” (which applies not only to “cookies” but also to Mobile IDs), we rely on mobile app developers and oblige them contractually to pass on only legally obtained data. We do so to fulfill our obligations under the ePrivacy Directive. We may choose to obtain consent in other cases as well, in which case we will adhere to applicable laws relating to such consent and its withdrawal;
The processing is in our legitimate interest.
In some cases, we rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing Personal Data, in order to provide our and/or other data controllers’ services. Such processing goes beyond the original collection of Mobile IDs. A legitimate interest we rely on, for instance, is the tailoring of promotional communications within mobile apps and services, which is beneficial to End Users and is an integral part of the ecosystem by which freely available content is funded through advertising revenue. This also may include providing analysis of and reporting about ad campaigns. We also rely on legitimate interest when we use Personal Data to maintain the security of our services, such as to detect fraud or to ensure that bugs are detected and fixed;
Contractual relationships.
Sometimes, we process certain data as necessary under a contractual relationship we have (such as our customer records and contact information);
Legal obligations.
Finally, some processing of data may be necessary for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
b.	Transfers of Personal Data
As Smaato is a global company and works with other global companies and technologies, we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside of the country from which it was originally provided. For instance, we may transfer your data to third parties that we work with who may be located in jurisdictions outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, and which may have data protection laws that are less strict in comparison to those in Europe. When we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take steps to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Data. Your Personal Data will only be transferred to third countries outside the EEA, Switzerland or the UK within the legally permissible framework. We transfer Personal Data to third countries outside the EU/EEA (a) as stipulated by law or based on your consent, (b) based on the adequacy decisions of the European Commission (a public and updated list of these countries can be found here) and (c) by contractual regulations such as the EU Standard Data Protection Clauses (a public and updated list of these clauses can be found here). These safeguards shall ensure an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data and you can access further details regarding these safeguards upon request. Smaato, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.

Further, Smaato is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Smaato commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. or at the contact information in Section 14 below, titled “Contacting Us,” and we will work with you to resolve your issue. If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you may also contact your appropriate European Data Protection Authority, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, respectively, with questions or complaints about our privacy practices. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we also commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association (“ICDR-AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, you may, under certain circumstances, invoke binding arbitration; please notify us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
and/or please visit
https://www.icdr.org/dpf
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of IDCR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
c.	Personal Data Retention
As a general matter, we retain your Personal Data for only as long as necessary to provide our Smaato Ad Services, or for other important purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. We generally render Mobile IDs inactive within 13 months, provided that we may retain them if we have a legal or significant operational need to do so, such as for auditing, corporate record-keeping, compliance accounting, or bug-fixes. If you are a Client of ours and thus have an account with us, we will typically retain your business-to-business Personal Data for a period of 3 years after you have requested that your account be closed, or such account has been inactive.
d.	Your Rights as a Data Subject
The GDPR provides you with certain rights in respect to Personal Data that data controllers hold about you, including certain rights to access Personal Data, to request correction of the Personal Data, to request to restrict or delete Personal Data, and to object to our processing of your Personal Data (including profiling for online ad targeting).
Right to Access:
If you wish to exercise your right to access Personal Data we process as a data controller, you may do so by requesting access through the e-mail address
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. When we receive your request, we will provide you with current, step-by-step instructions to follow in order to obtain access. We will then assess requests to exercise data access rights on a case-by-case basis; in doing so, we consider the difficulty of verifying whether a mobile identifier and data we have linked to it truly and solely belongs to the data subject making the request, as well as the potential adverse effects on disclosure of personal data to the wrong individual. Because such improper disclosure would likely adversely affect the privacy rights and freedoms of the data subject, we may limit the Personal Data we make available. Please note that we will only grant requests submitted via email for Personal Data for which we are a data controller, as explained further below. Where we act as a data processor for one of our Clients, we will refer your request to that Client. Please identify the Client your request refers to (if possible), to simplify this process.
Right to Correct:
If you wish to exercise your right to correct Personal Data, you may do so by contacting us at the contact information below.
Right to Object to Processing or to Withdraw Consent:
By using the device-based “opt-out” signals described in Section 4(b) above, you may withdraw consent for processing on which we rely on consent. If you do so, we will cease processing your Personal Data for purposes of our services within 30 days or less. We either collect these opt-out signals ourselves or receive them from the mobile apps we work with.
Right to Erasure.
You also have the right to obtain the erasure of Personal Data concerning you that we hold as a data controller. The above opt-out process satisfies this right. When an End User opts-out through device settings, and we receive this signal from our Clients, the Personal Data we use to provide our services will be deleted within 30 days (if you have an Android device) or permanently rendered disconnected to your device (if you have an iOS device). We will also manually delete your Personal Data, subject our identity verification process mentioned above, if you prefer that we do so; please contact us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
for further instructions on exercising this right manually. Please note, however, that we may retain copies of certain Personal Data on inactive or backup files, for our own internal and necessary purposes, such as auditing, accounting and billing, legal, or bug detection. We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill any important purposes that we have in retaining it, principally regarding legal, auditing, accounting, and billing obligations.
Right to Lodge Complaints.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. However, we hope that you will first consult with us, so that we may work with you to resolve any complaint or concern you might have.
e.	Smaato as a Data Controller and a Data Processor
EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process Personal Data for their own purposes (known as “data controllers”) and organizations that process Personal Data on behalf of other organizations (known as “data processors”). If you have a question or complaint about how your Personal Data is handled, we encourage you to direct your inquiry to the relevant data controller, since data controllers hold primary responsibility for your Personal Data. Smaato may act as either a data controller or a data processor in handling your Personal Data, depending on the precise circumstances. For instance, for Personal Data that we use internally and independently to operate the Smaato Ad Services, and for Personal Data that we collect about our Clients, we are a data controller. If Smaato is acting as a data Controller, it remains primarily liable where this data is passed to third parties. But when we handle Personal Data strictly on behalf of our Clients or Partners in order to provide our services to them, we are a data processor. Thus, for instance, if you have questions about data that is used primarily by a mobile app on which our technology is embedded – or companies that serve ads that use our technology – you should contact those companies regarding questions about the Personal Data they handle and control.
f.	Contact Details and Controller
This data protection information applies to data processing by the data controller Smaato, Inc. for users based in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the UK, unless otherwise stated in a service-specific data protection notice.
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Or our German office at:
Barcastraße 5, 1st Floor
22087 Hamburg, Germany
E-mail:
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg
Supervisory Authority
The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 7th floor
20459 Hamburg
Tel.: +49 (040) 42854-4040
E-mail:
mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
*protected email*
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
To help and foster the protection of consumer privacy, Smaato is an active member or participant of industry associations that govern the policies on consumer privacy in the context of internet-based advertising, including: the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) America and Europe, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Smaato participates in, and complies with the policies and technical specifications of, the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework (IAB TCF). Smaato’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number is Vendor ID #82. Please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” for more information about your privacy choices.
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Policy to reflect changes to our privacy practices. The amended Policy will be displayed on the Smaato Websites. Please check our Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version and to stay informed of our privacy practices. Your continued access to and use of the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services constitute your acknowledgment of this Policy and any updates.
14. Contacting Us
If you have any general questions regarding this Policy, you may contact us by email at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
or mailing the following address:
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Search
To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies and comparable technologies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes.

Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA.

For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our
Cookie Policy
Reject All
Accept All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 13
https://www.media.net/privacy-policy/:
Publishers
Advertisers
Contextual SearchSignals
Deals Desk
Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Effective as of
December 18, 2024
Previous Policy
About Our Business
Media.Net Advertising FZ-LLC, working by itself or at times with its affiliated companies, (individually and/or collectively, "Media.Net," "we," "us" or "our") utilizes its digital advertising technology platforms (our "Technology") to assist with the selection, deliver and display of contextual (nonpersonalized) and targeted (personalized) advertising (our "Services") on behalf of the advertisers and their business partners and representatives (collectively "Buyers") on websites and properties (collectively "Seller Sites") owned and/or operated by entities (collectively "Sellers") that participate in our advertising marketplace.
When Does this Privacy Policy Apply?
This Privacy Policy applies:
When we collect information about consumers and other end users who interact with our Services and Technology on Seller Sites. Buyers and Sellers may be referred to as Partners. Click
here
to learn more.
When our Buyers, Sellers, potential Buyers and potential Sellers or other end users interact with our website located at
www.media.net
(our "Website"). Click
here
to learn more.
CONSUMERS AND SELLERS IN CALIFORNIA CAN CLICK
HERE
FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT THEIR PRIVACY RIGHTS.
IF YOU ARE SITUATED IN THE EU OR UK, CLICK
HERE
FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS UNDER EU/UK LAW.
NOTICE AT COLLECTION.
This describes the information we collect and the purposes for which we collect it. It covers both the information collected on our Website and through our Services from End Users (individuals who visit our Website or the Website of a Partner). The section of this notice that follows describes the information collected from our Partners.
I. Privacy Practices for End Users
A. Information We Collect
The Technology we use to provide our Services collects information from end users who visit one or more Seller Sites and/or our Website. While this information does not enable us to directly identify you (e.g., we do not receive your name, email address, etc.), it may be considered "personal data" or "personal information" under applicable privacy or data protection laws.
The information we may collect includes:
Online Identifiers
. This includes your IP address, device IDs, cookie identifiers, advertising identifiers (IDFA and Google AdID), and other mobile identifiers.
Seller Site Information
. This includes the web page URL or application through which you are viewing content, referrers viewability data, contextual categories, attributes pertaining to ad formats, click data, types of advertisements viewed and other data that the Seller Sites make available to us.
Device Information
. It includes your browser, device model, device operating system, browser language and device type.
Location Information
. It includes non-precise location information (city, country, zip code) but may also include precise location information if you have actively enabled location services on your device or a Seller partner sends it to us in their bid request (only in case of an opt-in).
Website Usage Data
. This includes information we collect when you visit our Website about how you use the site. This includes information such as web page interactions, time spent on our pages and referral web pages.
Non-Cookie Identifiers
. This includes the local storage or cache in your browser to collect information about you as you browse the Internet.
Information we receive from third parties: We may also receive information from third parties at the instruction of advertising partners or for the benefit of our Seller Sites that provide user demographics, behaviors or interests, obfuscated user identifiers such as hashed email addresses, user preferences on the ad experience and other information that may help make the ads more relevant.
Cookies
. We use cookies, web beacons, mobile SDKs and other web tools ("Tools") to collect information regarding your behavior and usage patterns on our Website and on our Seller Sites. We use these Tools:
For Frequency Capping.
To inform us if an advertisement has been served to the same computer or browser before, and if so, when the advertisement was served. This allows us to ensure that
For Research and Fraud Prevention.
To conduct research and identify fraud and malicious activity.
For our Services.
When you visit one of the Seller Sites we work with, we may assign your computer one or more cookies which enable us and our Buyers to deliver targeted advertisements to you on the Seller Sites. This form of advertising is called "behavioral advertising" or "interest-based advertising". We use cookies (e.g., Google’s advertising cookies) for this purpose. We believe that such advertising is helpful because you will see ads that are relevant to your interests. However, if you would like to opt-out of these interest-based advertisements, please see the section titled "
Your Choices
" below. When you conduct a search or visit Seller Sites that do not engage in interest-based advertising, we may deliver advertising based on search results or the content (context) of the page where the advertising appears. This form of advertising, which is not personalized, is often called “contextual advertising.”
Further, while we do not collect or process sensitive personal information, and our Technology does not deliver targeted ads based on actual or known medical conditions of users, or the treatments they use, nor does it market prescription drugs, we do generate and serve ads for non-sensitive health-related advertising that may be of interest to End Users: diet and fitness; doctors; health care professionals; health conscious; health and medicine; health and well-being; interest in health insurance; and pregnancy and in some cases health advertising that is based on the content of the page on which such ads appear (e.g., we may include an ad for a dietary supplement that complements an article regarding weight loss).
B. For What Purposes Do We Use Your Information?
We use your information in the following ways:
Monitoring for Click-Fraud and Other Advertising Fraud
We collect information related to clicks, views, impressions, robotic mouse movement, non-human clicks, etc. and use it for fraud detection purposes.
Selecting and Delivering Advertising.
We use information about you to select and serve advertising on our Publisher Sites. We present advertisements tailored to the context in which the ad appears (the page or the search results) or the interests you have shown; inferring eligibility of users for interest, general geographic and demographic-based segments; creating online advertising models through lookalike modelling or similar research methodologies.
Improving our Services.
We combine information we collect from consumers with information we obtain from our Partners, ad networks, and/or other companies such as data providers, including our corporate affiliates in order to provide our services, conduct internal analysis in order to perform and improve our services.
Analytics.
Providing insights and reporting back to our Partners, including statistical reporting in connection with the activity on a website or mobile application, optimization of location of ad placement, ad performance, reach and frequency metrics, billing, and logging ads served on a particular day to a particular website or application; evaluating the probability and nature of connections between devices.
Frequency Capping.
Determining whether you have seen a particular advertisement before so as to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements.
Data Privacy.
We respond to data privacy questionnaires, data subject access requests (DSAR).
C. With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
Subject to the section titled "
Additional EU/UK Disclosures
"
,
we may share the information we collect about you with certain third parties in the following ways:
Service Providers.
We use third parties, , operational service providers and subcontractors (also called subprocessors) ("Vendors ") to operate and provide our services to Partners and to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. As necessary under this Privacy Policy, our Vendors are required to protect the information we provide to them in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. The services provided by Vendors include attribution, analytics, billing, fraud prevention, management of leads/campaigns, dispute resolution, cloud hosting, and technical support. When services are provided by Service Providers (processors or subprocessors) we contractually prohibit them from using any personal information except to provide services to us.
Buyers.
We may share your information with Buyers to help them make decisions regarding buying advertising inventory on Seller Sites or to analyze the effectiveness and performance of advertising campaigns via our Services, explore business opportunities, and perform audits/research.
Sellers.
We share information with our Sellers when we deliver ads on their Seller Sites. Sellers may use your information to make inferences about your preferences in order to serve more relevant advertising to you.
Legal, Government Contacts.
We provide information to third parties for legal process (e.g., in response to a subpoena or civil or criminal investigative demand, court order, or a request from law enforcement or other government agency); to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; to protect the security and integrity of our assets and business operations; or as otherwise required by law. In addition, we may disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Media.net, our Partners, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce the terms of service of our Website or other agreements or policies.
Acquisitions & Other Corporate Partners.
We may also provide information to third parties in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
We may aggregate data so that it is no longer identifiable. That data may be shared with third parties for their business purposes. In addition to the foregoing, we may share your information with anyone provided we have your express consent..
II. Privacy Practices for Partners
A. Information We Collect.
We ask for information about you when you contact us for information about our Services, or when you register to participate in Media.net’s program for use of Media.net Technology. We may also collect information about you when you use our Website or interfaces. Information we obtain from Partners includes:
Contact information
, which includes name, email and mailing address, and other information you may provide that allows us to contact you.
Government Identifiers
, which include your driver’s license number or other identifiers.
Financial Information
, which includes your bank account and other payment information required to collect or receive payments from you.
Online Identifiers
, which includes your IP address, device IDS, cookie identifiers, and lo-information.
Device Information
, which includes your browser and device type.
Location information
, which you may provide to us or we may generate based on your IP address.
Usage Data
, which includes your browsing or search history, web page interactions, referral web page, as well as information about how you use our Website.
Cookies
. We use cookies, web beacons, and other web tools ("Tools") to collect information regarding your behavior and usage patterns on our Website, on our mobile applications (to the extent downloaded to your mobile device). We may use Tools to help our Website function, to analyze your use of our Website and/or reporting of our Services, and to understand our Website visitors and how the Website may be improved.
For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
and
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
B. How Do We Use Your Information?
We use your information in the following ways:
Customer Service.
We respond to general customer inquiries, troubleshoot technical challenges, up-sell, cross-sell, and provide payment payout support.
Marketing.
We analyze publisher signups, affiliate signups, webinar signups and support our sales team. We may partner with third parties to collect information on our Website to deliver advertising that we believe may interest you based on your activity on the Websites. These third parties may set and access cookies on your computer or other device and may also use pixel tags, web logs, web beacons, or other similar technologies.
Providing our Services.
We combine information we collect from consumers with information we obtain from our Partners, ad networks, and/or other companies such as data providers, including our corporate affiliates in order to provide our services, conduct internal analysis in order to perform and improve our services.
Compliance/Security.
We verify signups through searching publisher email addresses through social media, perform website whois lookup to discover the domain name registration details, review IP addresses location. We also review the quality of traffic onSeller Sites. We review personal data protection online and offline threats on our infrastructure, network, networking equipment, computer systems, computer software, applications installed on the servers, access management, and mitigate the risks.
Data Privacy.
We respond, and assist our client in responding, to data privacy questionnaires, and data subject access requests (DSAR)
Legal Obligations.
We will use your information to comply with our legal obligations when we need to do so, including responding to requests from law enforcement; enforcing our terms and conditions and other legal rights; to protect our company and our employees, and to prevent or address suspicious, or potential illegal activity.
C. With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
Subject to the section titled "Additional EU/UK Disclosures," we share the information we collect from and about you with certain third parties in the following ways:
Service Providers.
We use third parties, Partners, operational service providers and subcontractors (also known as “subprocessors”) ("Vendors") to operate and provide our services to Partners and to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. As necessary under this Privacy Policy, our Vendors are required to protect the information we provide them in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Service Providers include fraud prevention service providers and cloud hosting service providers. When services are provided by Service Providers (processors or subprocessors) we contractually prohibit them from using any personal information except to provide services to us.
Legal, Government Contacts.
We provide information to third parties for legal process (e.g., in response to a subpoena or civil or criminal investigative demand, court order, or a request from law enforcement or other government agency); to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; to protect the security and integrity of our assets and business operations; or as otherwise required by law. In addition, we may disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Media.net, our Partners, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce the terms of service of our Website or other agreements or policies.
Acquisitions & Other Corporate Partners.
We may also provide information to third parties in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
We sometimes aggregate data so that it is no longer identifiable. We share aggregated information with third parties for their business purposes.
III. Your Choices.
Your browser may give you the ability to adjust your settings to delete or disable cookies. Some mobile devices enable you to turn off or reset the mobile ad identifier. To opt out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings ("Opt out of Personalized Ads" on Android devices and "Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices).
To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from our Technology through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt out, please go to
https://www.media.net/optout/
. You can also opt-out of receiving personalized ads from us and other third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). The NAI’s opt-out tool can be found here
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
. More information about system privacy controls and instructions for opting out via your mobile device can be found at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
. You can find out more about cookies and opt-out from cookies on
www.aboutads.info/choices
in the U.S. and
www.youronlinechoices.com
in the EU/UK. Please note that if you use a different web browser, computer, clear, block, delete or restrict your cookies after opting out, you may need to repeat your choices.
Some of our Partners have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their sites or their online-posted privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of those companies for these opt-out links if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a particular company, or multiple companies. Google is one of our Partners. To learn more about how Google uses information it collects and/or to access its privacy policy, click
here
.
IV. Rights for California Consumers.
The terms "Business Purpose(s)," "Personal Information," "Sell" (or "Sale"), "Service Provider(s)," and "Third Parties" have the meanings given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, ("CCPA"). These term references and disclosures describe the rights of California Consumers and provide information about the way we collect and use the personal information of California Consumers.
A. Collection of Personal Information
Categories of Personal Information Collected.
Unique device identifiers such as Cookies, Mobile Ad IDs (IDFAs for iOS and Android Ad IDs), Timestamps, User Agent Strings, IP addresses; General location data that is no more specific than a postal code, and web addresses (also known as "URLs"); Precise Location Information; Internet Activity Information, such as the website URL or mobile app you are browsing, web pages, content, and advertisements you view and links you click on, and whether you open, forward, or click the links in emails we send to you; and your browsing history. For our Partners, we collect: Identifiers such as your name, IP address, email address, and other account information, Unique Device Identifiers, Professional or employment-related information, Internet or other network activity, and Geolocation Information.
How Do We Use Personal Information.
We use personal information to deliver and measure online advertising. For our Partners, we use personal information to market and provide our Services to you.
Categories of Sources from which Personal Information is Collected.
Websites, mobile applications, advertising services, technology platforms. For our Partners, we collect information from you directly and from your use of our Website and mobile applications.
B. Disclosure of Personal Information.
We share information as described above. This section also descrbes how we “sell” information, as that term is used in the CCPA. Categories of Personal Information Sold. Identifiers and inferences about website visitors.
Purposes for Selling or Personal Information.
This data is used by our Advertisers and Partners for more tailored advertising, marketing, measurement, analytics, and research.
Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information is Sold.
Advertisers and potential advertisers, , advertising agencies, marketers, technology platforms, Websites, and market research firms.
Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information was Disclosed (Sold or Shared) for a Business Purpose.
Advertisers, advertising agencies, marketers, technology platforms, Websites and market research firms.
C. California Consumer Rights & Options.
You have the right to access, correct, or delete Your Personal Information. We do not collect, use, sell, or share sensitive Personal Information, but if we ever do, you will have the right to tell us to limit its use. You may exercise your rights by submitting a privacy rights request
here
or by mailing us at
privacy@media.net
. You can opt out of sale or sharing of your personal information or exercise your "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" right via Media.net’s opt-out tool
here
, including by sending a GPC signal from your browser. We may set a non-unique cookie for the sole purpose of implementing your opt-out request. If you opt-out, you should not delete your cookies. If you delete your cookies after opting out, you will need to opt-out again. Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, we may not be able to provide you with copies of the personal information we hold if we cannot verify that it is yours. If you ask to delete your personal information, and we cannot determine which information is yours, we may treat your request as a request not to sell your information. We do not honor “Do Not Track” signals that are not officially recognized, but we will honor requests to opt out of sale sent from officially recognized global privacy controls. If an authorized agent submits a request on your behalf, we may require that the authorized agent provide written proof of their authority and we may separately verify your identity and confirm your request with you. If you have any questions about your rights or our disclosures, please contact our privacy officer per the details listed in the section titled
"
Contact Us
" below. We will never discriminate against you because you have exercised these rights.
D. California consumer rights requests metrics:
As a registered databroker in California, we are required to track the requests we receive from California consumers to exercise their rights. Below is our report on the requests we received during calendar year 2023, and our responses:
Requests to delete a consumer’s information:
Requests received: 1
Requests partly or completely fulfilled: 1
Requests denied: 0
Median fulfillment time: 10
Requests to opt out of sale or sharing of a consumer’s information:
Requests received: 221
Requests partly or completely fulfilled: 221
Requests denied: 0
Median fulfillment time: 1
Right to know (Right to know and access information collected, right to know what information is sold)
Requests received: 0
Requests partly or completely fulfilled: 0
Requests denied: 0
Median fulfillment time: NA
Requests to limit use of a consumer’s sensitive information: N/A
(We don’t collect sensitive information)
E. Rights of Consumers in Other U.S. States.
If you are a Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Montana, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire or New Jersey consumer, you have the right to:
Confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information and access your personal information;
Correct inaccuracies in your personal data and the purposes for which we are processing it;
Delete your personal information;
Obtain a copy of personal data you have previously provided to us, or in some states, all the personal data we have obtained about you, in a form that allows it to be shared with another controller;
Opt out of targeted advertising;
Opt out of the sale of your personal information;
Opt out of profiling that would be used for significant decisions about you.
If and when global privacy controls or other universal opt-out mechanisms are approved and honoring them is required in your state, you will also have the right to opt-out of sale, targeting, or profiling, or all of these, using these browser-based controls.
We will not discriminate against you in any way for exercising these rights.
For certain requests, we may email you to confirm your identity. You can email us at
privacy@media.net
or make your request
here
.
V. Additional EU/UK Disclosures
A. Data controller. We are the data controller for all processing of l Personal Information collected through our Website. When we perform Services, we generally act as a data controller for the personal information we process, but we sometimes perform Services as a Processor for one of our customers. If you have a complaint, contact our privacy office per the details listed in the section titled "
Contact Us
"
below. You also have the right to contact the data protection authority in your country.
Our EU-GDPR Representative is:
Rickert Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
- MediaNet -
Colmantstraße 15
53115 Bonn
Germany
art-27-rep-medianet@rickert.law
Our UK-GDPR Representative is:
Rickert Services Ltd UK
- MediaNet -
PO Box 1487
Peterborough
PE1 9XX
United Kingdom
art-27-rep-medianet@rickert-services.uk
B.
Legal Basis for our Processing of Your Personal Information.
Below are the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your Personal Information:
Consent Consent means your freely given, specific, informed agreement to processing, shown by an affirmative action you have taken to communicate that you agree to your personal information being processed.We rely on Consent as the legal process for placing Tools on your browser or device, and for using them to store information on your device. We also rely on Consent as the legal basis for providing personalized advertising. When we provide Services that facilitate the delivery of personalized advertising, including the use of a your behavior across web sites and over time, or the development of a profile, we also rely on Consent.If we provide Services that make it possible to deliver personalized content to you, we will rely on Consent as the legal basis for the data processing required.For Website analytics we sometimes rely on Consent, and sometimes legitimate interest, depending on the data collected, and legal basis used by Sellers and Buyers
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your Personal Information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your Personal Information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). We also do not use your Personal Information where such interests are overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
We sometimes rely on our legitimate interest to use limited information (such as the content you are currently viewing, or your general geographic area) to provide basic ads to you.  We do not believe that the use of this general information, which is not used to create a profile of you, presents substantial risks to you as a data subject.  Any risks are outweighed by the benefits all parties derive from using basic advertising to support the delivery of Content.
When a Seller relies on its legitimate interest to process limited personal information for the delivery of basic ads, instead of obtaining your consent to do so, we too rely on our legitimate interest to perform the services that make it possible to provide basic ads.  Similarly when a Seller uses limited personal information to select content, we too rely on our legitimate interest to do so.  In both of these cases there is little risk to your rights and freedoms based on the limited personal information used.
We rely on legitimate interest to determine how many times an advertisement has been presented to you so that you do not see it too often, and to detect fraud so that Sellers only pay for legitimate advertising views.  In both of these cases, the risk to the data subject based on the limited data used is smaller than the benefit that we, the Sellers, Buyers, and Partners, and you the data subject, derive from maintaining the usefulness and integrity of the advertising services we provide.  Similarly, we rely on our legitimate interest to measure the performance of advertising.  This too helps to ensure the quality and integrity of the advertising Services without adding any substantial risk to your rights and freedoms.
We rely on our legitimate interest to use the data we are processing when we perform Services to support, develop, and improve our Services.  This does not present any additional risk to You and it helps us provide high quality Services that benefit you and the Sellers, Buyers, and Partners who rely on us.
You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by submitting a privacy rights request
here
or by contacting us at
privacy@media.net
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
We rely on this legal basis for processing when we process the business contact information of Partners and clients to which we provide Services.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your Personal Information where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject.
If we are required to provide personal information to a data protection authority or other legal authority, we do so in reliance on this legal basis for processing
C. Participation in the advertising industry Transparency and Consent Framework. We participate in the IAB Europe’s Transparency and Consent Framework (“TCF”), which allows you to better understand who is providing advertising services to you on the websites you visit, and gives you choices about who may process your personal information. We are a registered vendor (142) on the IAB Europe’s Global Vendor List (GVL).
D. Sharing of Personal Information. We share information as described
above
.
E. Additional EU/UK Privacy Rights. If we are relying on your consent to process your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You have the right to request that we correct or erase your personal information. You also have the right to object to some or all of our processing and to object to automated decision-making with significant or legal effects. You can exercise your rights at any time by submitting a privacy rights request
here
or by contacting us at
privacy@media.net
.
F. Modifications to this Privacy Policy. We may edit, amend, modify, and update our Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time, by posting updated text on or links to our Website. When we make material changes to our Privacy Policies or our privacy practices, we will notify you by posting a notice on our Website or providing a notice to you. We display the Effective Date at the top of our Privacy Policy so that you will know when there has been a change in its effective date. By using our Website or our Technology or any Publisher Site using our Technology after the effective date, you will have agreed and be deemed to have agreed to comply with and be legally bound by the updated Privacy Policies.
G. Cross border transfers. Our Website and technology infrastructure is primarily maintained in the United States. If you are visiting our Website or Seller Sites from the regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from those in the United States, please note that you may be transferring your information to the United States and to other countries around the world. By using our Website, you agree to export and use your information within the United States and in other countries as specified in this Privacy Policy. If you are situated in the EU/UK, whenever we transfer your Personal Data out of the EU/UK, we ensure appropriate and suitable safeguards are used to protect your Personal Information . Where we use certain service providers, or provide Services ourselves, we may use specific contracts including data processing agreements based on the EU/EEA Standard Contractual Clauses to ensure these safeguards are in place.
VI. Sensitive Information.
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.g.,social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background, or trade union membership) on or through our Website, or our Services or otherwise to us.
VII. Third Party Practices.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to our privacy practices, and not to the practices of other parties. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of every website that you visit to be sure you understand the terms and conditions that apply to you from each of them.
VIII. Data Retention.
We will only retain information relating to you for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for such information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we process your information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. Unless contrary to applicable laws, except with respect to information about our Partners with whom we have an ongoing relationship, our policy is to retain the non-aggregated information we collect for up to 24 months, after which the data is either anonymized or deleted from our systems. And as permitted by law, we may continue to retain aggregated information. In some circumstances, if you are an EU/UK data subject, you can ask us to delete your Personal Data by submitting a privacy rights request
here
or by sending us an email to
privacy@media.net
. We use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personal information that we collect. However, we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that personal information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet.
IX. Children.
Our Website is intended for an audience above the age of 18. Neither our Website nor our Technology / advertising services are developed for, intended for, or directed at, children, and we do not knowingly collect information from or about children under the age of 16 (or such other age as may be restricted under local law). If you believe your child has provided his or her information to us, please submit a privacy rights request
here
or contact us at
privacy@media.net
.
X. Contact Us.
If you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@media.net
or mail us at:
Privacy Officer
Media.net Advertising FZ-LLC
2701 Aurora Tower, Dubai Media City
Dubai 215028, UAE
Let’s talk about what Media.net can do for you!
Get in Touch
Sub-policy 14
https://www.yieldmo.com/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Matters
Yieldmo strives to improve the digital advertising experience for consumers, publishers, and advertisers. Your privacy is important to us. Accordingly, we have adopted the following Privacy Policy (the “Policy”). This Policy explains how information is collected and utilized by Yieldmo, Inc. (“Yieldmo”, “we”, “us” or “our”). This Policy applies to the Yieldmo website located at https://www.yieldmo.com, (the “Website”) and to Yieldmo’s products and services, including the advertising network and platform operated by Yieldmo (the “Service”).
Please read this Policy carefully, and feel free to contact us if you have any questions regarding its content. By accessing and using the Website or using the various websites and applications that participate in the Service, you consent to us processing your information in accordance with this Policy.
If you are a consumer or end-user of our advertising services and wish to opt-out of our advertising,
click here
.
Privacy Policy Index
Services Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
European Data Subjects Disclosure & Rights
U.S. State-Specific Notice
Children’s Privacy
Third-Party Links on our Website
Changes to Privacy Policy
Contact
Services Privacy Policy
Information collected through our Services related to End Users: Yieldmo partners with numerous companies to support our business customers (our “Customers”) in providing online advertisements to end users of mobile websites, mobile applications (“Apps) and other online media (“End Users”). As an End User browses the Internet or uses Apps that include references to the Service, the End User’s browser or device may request advertisements from Yieldmo’s system. When Yieldmo receives these requests, and/or when Yieldmo delivers advertisements to such browser or device, we may collect information about these interactions (as well as any further interaction with the advertisements provided by the Service such as views, clicks, conversions, etc.).
This may include, for example:
IP address;
Unique identifiers sent to us from web browsers, mobile devices, network carriers or data providers;
Information contained in HTTP headers or other internet transfer protocol signals;
‘Hashed’ information (such as email addresses or usernames that are pseudonymized so as to be no longer associated with an individual’s name or email address);
Demographic information such as a user’s gender, age, and income range;
Attributes of computer or device usage, such as advertisements clicked, websites and content areas visited;
Date and time of advertisement request, and advertisement delivery and interaction activities;
Browser type and version; operating system;
language setting;
information about or from the presence or use of Apps on a mobile device; and
location including GPS location of your device if you have opted to provide it to Yieldmo or to one of Yieldmo’s publisher or third party data provider partners.
Some information collected through our Services may be considered ‘sensitive’ or ‘health data’ as defined by applicable law. For example, Yieldmo may collect certain general health-related information in delivering advertisements based on inferred End User interest in these topics based on sites or ads with which the End User previously interacted. This may include information related to general health, wellness, common ailments and illnesses, or beauty and fitness. We may receive health-related targeting data segments from third party data companies. As an example, Yieldmo may use health-related segments from those third parties such as “Beauty, Health & Fitness > Health, Diets & Nutrition” (Click
here
for a representative list of such health segments).
On occasion, we may also receive information from third-parties that enables advertisement optimization, independently of or in combination with the information collected by Yieldmo, such as audience interest segments and product categories.
From time to time, advertisements served by Yieldmo may contain functionality that enables an End User to enter personal information into such advertisements, in order to allow the End User to sign-up for or receive information regarding a product or service offered by an advertiser. In the event that an End User elects to provide personal information under such circumstances, we may collect such information on behalf of such advertiser or its agency.
Information collected through our Services related to our Customers
In order to serve our Customers, we will collect various information through our software and customer support channels, including:
Customer registration information. If you register to use the Website or Service as a business customer (e.g., as an advertiser, agency or publisher), we ask for and store information you provide such as your email, first name, last name, company name, username, address and phone number (collectively, “Registration Data”).
Campaign Information. After our Customers register to use the Website or Service, they may set up advertising campaigns and other account parameters.
Corporate email addresses for email correspondence;
Chat correspondence, which may include any personal information provided during a chat session;
Billing and administrative finance information;
Information about how our Customers use our software products and services, including time spent on our applications, behavioral activity, and metadata associated with software interactions.
How we use your information
Collected information may be used to provide the Services to our Customers such as by providing purchasing opportunities and aggregate reports to advertisers, agencies, and publishers who participate in the Yieldmo Service; to schedule, deliver, and optimize advertisements; to use or create audience interest segments and categories; to limit the number of times a specific advertisement is presented to the same browser or device (frequency capping); to provide advertisements only to certain types of mobile devices; to anonymously track sales and conversions; to detect and eliminate fraudulent activity; to administer and enhance the Service; and to help Yieldmo display, optimize, target and/or customize advertisements to the interests or preferences of End Users.
Yieldmo may use certain general health-related information in delivering advertisements based on inferred End User interest in these topics based on sites or ads with which the End User previously interacted.
For example, a user who views content related to parenting might later be shown an ad for children’s clothing or accessories.
Similarly, a user who views content related to fitness might later be shown ads related to exercise-related apps.
We may also utilize health-related targeting data segments provided by third party data companies.
As an example, Yieldmo may use health-related segments from those third parties such as “Beauty, Health & Fitness > Health, Diets & Nutrition” (Click
here
for a representative list of such health segments).
We may, in accordance with our
Ad Policy
, accept certain political advertising and target such advertising based upon region, or contextually based upon the content of the page on which the advertising will be displayed (e.g. news page). We do not currently use audience segments in connection with political advertising.
In addition, collected information may be used to conduct internal analysis, account management and maintenance, perform billing, invoicing and payment functions in connection with your account, send services-related information, alerts and promotional messages to you, and maintain and improve the performance of the Website and Service. We may also use this information to offer personalized features, including varying the content you receive in future visits to the Website based on your preferences and activities.
Subject to the terms of our Customer agreements, we may also use personal information for any legal purpose necessary, including IP protection and where Yieldmo is required to process information as a result of a court order or other legal or regulatory proceeding.
How we disclose your information
Any End User-volunteered personal information that is entered by an End User into an advertising unit which we receive pursuant to this Policy may be disclosed to the applicable advertiser or its agency on behalf of whom such information was collected. The End User should review the advertiser’s privacy policy to understand how the advertiser will process such personal information.
We may disclose the above types of information with our Customers, affiliates, third party partners and agents. For example, we may disclose information to analyze the performance of advertisements, provide reporting to advertisers and clients, improve advertisement targeting on our platform, improve our products and services, and enable third party partners (such as Google) to improve advertisement targeting across their respective services and platforms and otherwise use the information for their lawful business purposes.
In addition, we may disclose information for a designated business purpose, including:
With your consent.
With vendors who help us provide our Services.
With any other divisions, subsidiaries or corporate affiliates of Yieldmo.
If we are compelled by law to do so, such as through a subpoena or court order.
If it is required as part of a business transaction where Yieldmo or any subsidiary is acquired.
We may disclose aggregated information for any purpose. This means that the information we disclose does not identify specific individuals, or is combined with other data to protect your privacy.
Your choices with our information uses
If you are a current or former employee of one of our Customers, or believe your information was uploaded to us by one of our Customers, and you would like to fulfill your rights to the personal information we maintain about you on behalf of our Customer, please contact a representative of that Customer rather than email us with your request.
We can not provide personal information about a specific individual on behalf of a Customer without their express written instructions.
If you are a Customer, please refer to our Website Privacy Policy for more information on how we collect information on our Website and how to exercise your privacy choices.
If you are an End User, you may contact us at any time and request the following choices with our use of your personal information:
Access:
We can provide you with the personal information.
Deletion:
You can request that we delete any personal information about you, unless we are required by contract or law to retain it.
Correction:
We will correct any mistakes with your personal information.
Opt-Out:
You may request that we cease using your information for marketing or other purposes that are not required to provide the services you’ve requested.
You may also choose to opt-out through the following mechanisms:
Email marketing:
unsubscribe to our email list by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of marketing emails
.
Tailored or interest-based advertising using third party cookies:
End Users can opt out of tailored advertising served by Yieldmo in the following ways. Please note that you will need to opt out for each browser or device that you use, and that there is also a separate opt out for mobile applications, hashed email address use, and connected TVs/OTT devices. Following an opt-out, Yieldmo’s system may still provide advertisements to you.
Please note, however, that these advertisements may be less relevant to your interests
For desktop and mobile web, you can opt-out as follows:
Yieldmo’s opt-out tool
here.
When you opt-out, Yieldmo may set a non-unique cookie for the sole purpose of implementing such opt-out request. If you opt-out, you should not delete your cookies. If you delete your cookies after opting out, you will need to opt-out again. Note: Yieldmo may set a non-unique cookie for the sole purpose of implementing such opt-out request. If you opt-out, you should not delete your cookies. If you delete your cookies after opting out, you will need to opt-out again.
Network Advertising Initiative industry opt-out page
here
, or by downloading the AdChoices browser plugin
here
.
Mobile applications on your current device:
The method of opting out depends on the type of device you have. Please also note that, in some cases (i.e., if you have an older device), it may be necessary for you to provide your device ID in order to opt out.
Apple iOS devices: On iOS 6.0 or higher, you can select a setting that enables you to limit ad tracking. You can do this by clicking on Settings -> General -> About -> Advertising, and setting the Limit Ad Tracking function to ‘ON’. Alternatively, you can go to Setting -> Privacy -> Advertising and set the “Limit Ad Tracking” function to ‘ON’.
Android devices: In Android devices with Google Play Services 4.0 and higher, You can opt out of tailored interest-based advertising services by opening the Google Settings App, then clicking on Ads (under “Services”) and setting the “Opt of ads” function to ‘green’. You may go
here
for instructions on how to use the advertising choice mechanisms for various devices.
Email-based opt-out through LiveRamp:
Some of our clients use their email address databases to work with LiveRamp, Inc., who may enable them to use hashed email addresses from such databases to tailor advertising. To opt out of this type of personalized advertising, please visit
https://optout.liveramp.com/opt_out
.
Smart TVs and other connected streaming devices:
We may engage in use of collection or use of data for advertising on connected televisions and OTT devices. To exercise your choices with regards to advertising on connected televisions and OTT devices, please visit
https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/
.
Retention
We generally retain collected information for up to 13 months, unless Yieldmo is required to retain such information for a longer period of time in order to comply with its legal or contractual obligations, including to comply with the terms of our written agreements with our Customers. After this timeframe, the information is anonymized in a way that makes it unable to be associated back to an individual computer or device and is then stored for analytical and reporting purposes.
Security
We protect information we collect about you by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to prevent unauthorized access to user data retained in our servers, however, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information provided online. We take reasonable precautions to protect your information both online and offline. The servers on which we store data are kept in a secure environment.
Despite our efforts, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or use will never occur. It is important that you take steps to keep your information safe and secure. Choose an account password that is hard for others to guess and don’t reveal it to third parties. If you use a shared public computer, do not opt to have your login ID or password remembered and be sure to log out of your account when you finish.
Website Privacy Policy
Types of Information Collected
Information You Provide Directly To Us:
Information from your inquiries into our services, or how you otherwise indicate you may be interested in our services, which may include providing us with your name, work email, company name, position title, and any information you choose to provide when you contact us.
Our website offers you the ability to interact with us by signing up for email communications, downloading content, registering for webinars or events, and through community forums.
Information We Automatically Collect:
We collect information about the manner of your use of the Website, including through the use of pixel tags, cookies and other mobile software. Collected information includes: cookie or mobile device identifiers, session length, IP address, location, time of usage, viewed pages and files, your advertising campaign selections, and other information regarding your use of the Website (collectively with Registration Data, the “Account Data”).
Information from third parties:
When you interact with our accounts on a social media platform, we may collect certain information that you or the platform make available to us such as Website metadata analytics (above), your social media account ID, your social media ‘likes’, click-throughs to our Website, or custom interactions.
We may also engage third parties to provide additional information about business professionals who are interested in our services, engage with our website, or interact with us on social media.
How Information is Used
We use the personal information we collect for the following purposes:
To provide our Website and Services,
To solicit new Customers with advertising and marketing,
To provide customer support or to respond to your inquiries,
To improve the Website and Services,
To comply with our agreements or policies,
For other business and legal purposes, such as to detect and prevent fraud, to collect amounts owing to us, and to maintain business records, and
With your consent.
How We Disclose your Information
We may disclose your information with your consent. We may also disclose your information with our corporate affiliates, as well as vendors or service providers who:
Help us communicate with our you;
Manage and optimize our Website and services;
Provide marketing and advertising services (
see ‘Use Of Cookies And Tracking Technologies’ for more information on your choices with these services).
In addition:
We may disclose your personal information in order to:
Protect the legal rights of our company, our employees, our agents, and our affiliates;
Protect the safety and security of our customers or Website visitors;
Detect and protect against fraud; and
Comply with law or legal process.
We may disclose your personal information as part of a business transition.
We may also disclose your personal information with prospective purchasers exclusively to evaluate the proposed transaction; and
We may also disclose your personal information with another company that buys Yeildmo assets or stock. That company may use and disclose personal information for purposes similar to those described in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose de-identified, aggregate, or anonymous information for any purpose. This means that the information we disclose does not identify specific individuals, or is combined with other data to protect your privacy in compliance with relevant data privacy laws.
Your choices with our company’s information uses
If you believe Yieldmo processes information about you or your device, you may contact us at any time
here
to request the following choices with our use of your information. In order to make these requests, we will need your cookie and/or mobile advertising identifiers. We may also request additional verification information.
Access:
We can provide you with the personal information (or ‘personal data’ for European visitors) that we maintain about you.
Deletion:
You can request that we delete any personal information about you, unless we are required by contract or law to retain it.
Correction:
We will correct any mistakes with your personal information.
Opt-Out:
Email marketing:
unsubscribe to our email list by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of marketing emails.
Tailored or interest-based advertising using third party cookies:
You can opt out of the third party advertising cookies placed on our Website as detailed in ‘Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies’ below.
Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” or “Global Privacy Control (GPC)” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including tailored advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites. Neither our Website nor Services support the legacy DNT signals, but we recognize and honor GPC opt-out signals sent by your browser or browser extension such as
Privacy Badger
.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us at privacy@yieldmo.com.
If you are a current or former employee of one of our enterprise Customers, and you would like to fulfill your rights to the personal information we maintain about you on behalf of our Customer, please contact a representative of that Customer rather than email us with your request.
We can not provide personal information about a specific individual on behalf of a Customer without their express written instructions.
Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Like many companies, we use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities, your interactions with our websites or emails, and to serve tailored ads. There are a number of ways to opt out of having your online activity and device data collected through these services, which we summarize below:
Opting out of cookie use in our Cookie Preferences.
You can opt out of cookies via our cookie preferences center here.
Blocking Cookies In Your Browser.
Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies, including cookies used for interest-based advertising. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Advertising Industry Opt-Out Tools.
You can also use these opt-out options to limit use of your information for interest-based advertising online or in apps by visiting
http://optout.aboutads.info
for U.S. residents, and
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
for EU/UK residents.
With Each of Our Vendors Individually
.
The following advertising or marketing services partners offer opt-out features that let you opt-out of use of your information for interest-based advertising or profiling:
Industry Self-Regulation
Yieldmo is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. Yieldmo also adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles.
Retention
We generally retain collected information for up to 13 months, unless Yieldmo is required to retain such information for a longer period of time in order to comply with its legal or contractual obligations, including to comply with the terms of our written agreements with our Customers. After this timeframe, the information is anonymized in a way that makes it unable to be associated back to an individual computer or device and is then stored for analytical and reporting purposes.
Security
Yieldmo uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. To that end, we have designed and deployed hardware, software, and networking solutions in an effort to reasonably secure and protect access to our systems and data. Please note that where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access the Website or Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Regardless of the precautions taken by you or by us, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you transmit such information at your own risk.
European Data Subjects Disclosure & Rights
Residents of the (“
UK
”) and European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) are provided certain privacy rights under the UK and EU General Data Protection Regulations (“
GDPR
”). Under the GDPR, we are designated as a “Controller.”
Legal basis for processing
We process personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) under the following legal bases:
Consent:
Our advertising service relies on consent for the placement and reference of cookies or mobile advertising identifiers.
Legitimate interest:
Our advertising service may use collected data to improve our products and services.  We may also send marketing and other communications content to our business customers.
Contract fulfillment:
We use business and consumer or other end-user information to perform specific functions our business customers require as part of our Services.
Legal obligation:
We may be compelled by law to share business or other information associated with data subjects.
Data subject rights
As noted above, you may exercise your rights to Access, Modify, or Delete your personal data  here. You may also exercise your right to object to our advertising uses by
clicking here
, or business customers can opt-out of emails by clicking through the unsubscribe link in any received emails.
International data transfer
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide your information to us, you consent to our transferring your information to the countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected, including the United States, in order for us to process it there. Those countries may not have equivalent data protection laws as the country in which you provided the data.
When we transfer your data to other countries, we will protect the data as described in this Privacy Policy and comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of data to countries outside the EEA, UK, and Switzerland. For example, we may rely on Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) for the transfer of personal data to countries that have not received an applicable adequacy decision, as well as the UK’s International Data Transfer Addendum to the SCCs.
For more information on cross-border transfers of your Personal Data or the appropriate safeguards in place, please contact us at
privacy@yieldmo.com
, or escalate your complaints to our DPO as described below.
Complaints
European data subjects may lodge a complaint with Yieldmo’s Data Protection Officer by emailing DPO@yieldmo.com.  Alternatively, data subjects may wish to lodge a complaint with a European
Data Protection Authority
.
U.S. State-Specific Notice
Some U.S. states have enacted comprehensive privacy laws. The California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act or “CPRA” (collectively, the “
CCPA
”) and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“
VCDPA
”), Colorado Privacy Act (“
CPA
”), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“
CTDPA
”), Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“
UCPA
”), Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“
OCPA
”), Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“
TXDPSA
”), and the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act (“
MTCDPA
”) create additional privacy obligations for businesses and provide Californians and Virginians with additional privacy rights.
Additional Privacy Rights:
In addition to the rights granted above, if you are a resident of the above states, you may have the right to:
Opt out of the “sale or share” of your personal information for advertising purposes.
We may ‘sell’ or ‘share’ your personal information in providing our Services. You may opt out of our selling or sharing your information here. Additionally, some third party cookies placed on our website may be considered a ‘sale or share’ as used for our ‘targeted’ or ‘cross-contextual’ advertising campaigns under these privacy laws. You may opt out of such cookies as detailed in ‘Use Of Cookies And Tracking Technologies’ section (above).
Sensitive Personal Information.
For residents of Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, and Montana we may only process your sensitive personal information if you opt in. You may opt out at any time. California and Utah residents have the right to opt out of the processing of their sensitive personal information.
You can exercise these rights by contacting us at
privacy@yieldmo.com
.
If you would like to exercise your rights related to the data we host on behalf of its Customers, then please contact that Customer directly. We cannot provide you with any information related to the personal information we process on behalf of our Customers.
Business/Controller Designation:
Under the CCPA, we operate as a Business for all information collected through our Website, and as a Third Party Business in providing the Services to our Customers.
Under the VCDPA, we operate as a Controller for all information collected through this website, and as a Processor in providing the Services to our Customers.
Children’s Privacy
The Services and the Website are not developed for, or directed at, children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly accept registrations or information from users that are under 16. If you are aware that any child under the age of 16 has become a registered user or provided personal information to Yieldmo, please inform us
here
, so that we can confirm and take the appropriate steps to remove the account and any related information.
Third-Party Links on our Website
Our Website may contain links to other websites or services. We do not exercise control over the information you automatically provide by clicking an external link from our website, or is collected by these third party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
Changes to Privacy Policy
It may be necessary from time to time for us to modify this Policy to reflect changes in the way we collect and use information or changes in privacy-related laws, regulations, and industry standards. Accordingly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting the revised policy on the Website. If we make material changes, we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page with a “Last Updated” effective date of the revisions. Data will be handled in accordance with the policy in effect at the time the data is used.
Contact
If you would like us to delete (or modify if necessary) all records of your personal information, or if you have any other questions or concerns, please contact us at privacy@yieldmo.com or via mail at the address below: Yieldmo, Inc. Attn.: Privacy, 1 Tara Boulevard, Suite 200 – Nashua, NH 03062
Last Updated: Nov 8, 2024
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
878
partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting I Accept enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject All or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Show Purposes link on the bottom of the webpage  [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable] .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
Your Privacy
Performance Cookies
Social Media Cookies
Marketing and Advertising Cookies
Functional Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Store and/or access information on a device
708 partners can use this purpose
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
843 partners can use this purpose
Use precise geolocation data
268 partners can use this special feature
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
140 partners can use this special feature
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
543 partners can use this special purpose
Deliver and present advertising and content
546 partners can use this special purpose
Match and combine data from other data sources
387 partners can use this feature
Link different devices
344 partners can use this feature
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
515 partners can use this feature
Save and communicate privacy choices
365 partners can use this special purpose
Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent and legitimate interest. You may exercise your right to consent or object to a legitimate interest, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More information
List of IAB Vendors‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.    If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Marketing and Advertising Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our digital marketing partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on our website and other websites. They may also be used to measure and optimize the effectiveness of our campaigns. These cookies do not store directly identifying personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant marketing and advertising.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.  You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
655 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Create profiles for personalised advertising
528 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
523 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Create profiles to personalise content
233 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised content
206 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
763 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Measure content performance
380 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
483 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Develop and improve services
571 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Use limited data to select content
145 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
List of IAB Vendors‎
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 15
https://privacy-center.sharethrough.com/en/:
Welcome to
Sharethrough’s
Privacy Center
Back to Sharethrough.com
Sharethrough Privacy Policy—
We are Committed to Providing a Transparent & Engaging Experience Across our Digital Platforms
We at Sharethrough believe the internet is a place where the fundamental  right to privacy should be protected and everyone has a role to play in protecting it. We believe such protection is achieved through transparency and communication.
This is why we have prepared a series of policies and other documents to help you better understand the actions we take as an actor of the Adtech industry to ensure the protection of personal data. On this page, you will find our User Privacy Notice, Corporate Privacy Notice, Website Privacy Notice, and
Candidate Privacy Notice.  You will also be able to access, delete, or opt-out of the processing of your personal  data. Please review the links under the Privacy Notice for users to achieve a comprehensive overview of our data processing activities.
We trust these documents will help you better understand the way we interact with personal data and how we operate within the Ad Tech industry.
User Privacy Notice
This Sharethrough Privacy Notice for Users describes the information we may collect from you when you visit the digital properties of our clients across the web, and on mobile or video-programming applications.
User Privacy Notice
User Rights: Access and Deletion of your Information
Opt-out/Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Website Privacy Notice
This Website Privacy Notice describes the types of information we may process about you when you visit our websites.
Website Privacy Notice
Candidate Privacy Notice
This Candidate Privacy Notice describes the types of information we may process about you during the recruitment process with Sharethrough.
Candidate Privacy Notice
Corporate Privacy Notice
This Corporate Privacy Notice describes the information we may collect from you when you work with us in a business capacity as our client and/or use our proprietary client-facing programmatic advertising applications.
Corporate Privacy Notice
Sub-policy 16
https://pulsepoint.com/legal/platform-privacy-policy:
Platforms
activation
analytics
INSIGHTS
RESOURCES
BLOGS
Product Guides
Success Stories
About
COmpany
NEWSROOM
Careers
Culture
Job Board
CONTACT
Login
By clicking "Accept", you agree to the storage of cookies on your device to improve website navigation, analyze website usage and assist with our marketing efforts. See our
Privacy Policy.
Preferences
Decline
Accept
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website.
Reject all cookies
Allow all cookies
Manage Consent Preferences by Category
Essential
Always Active
These items are required to enable basic website functionality.
Marketing
Essential
These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission.
Personalization
Essential
These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location.
Analytics
Essential
These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor.
Confirm my preferences and close
Platform Privacy Policy
Updated: January 16, 2025
This policy applies to PulsePoint’s platforms and services, including PulsePoint’s ad exchange, demand-side platform, and data analytics product(s) (collectively, the “Platforms”), and it explains our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information on our platforms as well as your rights with regard to that information.
‍
WHO WE ARE
PulsePoint, Inc. (“PulsePoint”) operates several technology platforms that facilitate ad placement for advertisers on mobile applications, websites and other digital channels. If you have any questions regarding the use or privacy of your data, please email
dataprivacy@pulsepoint.com
.
Our headquarters is located at:
283-299 Market Street
2 Gateway Center, 4
th
Floor
Newark, NJ 07102
‍
If you wish to go directly to our opt-out,
click here
.
PulsePoint is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection use in advertising. PulsePoint also adheres to the specifications of the IAB EU Transparency & Consent Framework for purposes of compliance with EU data protection laws. Our Vendor Number with IAB Europe is 81.
‍
WHAT WE DO
PulsePoint’s Platforms help advertisers and publishers provide advertising over the internet and other channels, such as digital billboards or smart TVs. Advertising on these channels helps to keep content available to you to enjoy and, in many cases, helps to keep your access to that content free. Additionally, the Platforms allow for advertisers to show advertising to you that is relevant to your interests, with the hope that you only see ads that may provide beneficial products and services for you.
With respect to our ad exchange, PulsePoint works with publishers and other content providers to help them sell their advertising space, which in turn helps them to fund their content or apps. With respect to our demand-side platform, also known in the industry as a “DSP,” we work with advertisers who will purchase that advertising space in order to advertise their goods and services to consumers who may be likely to be the right audience for those ads. We may also measure and report on how often an ad was seen, and how effective that ad was by metrics given to us by the advertiser. To do this, we receive and share “pseudonymous” personal data – data such as IP addresses, cookies, and other unique identifiers – that we receive or may assign to you to remember who “you” are, but that do not directly identify you or your direct contact information.
Our Platforms may also use data that we collect or purchase to help us determine certain information like, for example, if there are groups of devices that might be related to each other, such devices that all likely belong to the same person. This helps our advertisers to better manage advertising campaigns, and also limits how often the same person may see the same advertisement.
‍
‍
‍
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
How we collect information:
When a person browses the internet, their browser or device may request advertisements from PulsePoint’s Platform. Through the serving of those advertisements or through other Platform analytics, we may collect or otherwise receive information that is linked to your computer or device that may reflect how you interact with a webpage, the advertisements you view or click, or other information from your mobile device. As a result, our Platform may collect data from partners sending us requests for ads on websites, apps, smartTVs, digital billboards, or other advertising channels; through cookies and pixels; through clients or partners providing data to us; through clients and partners using our Platform to collect data; and through the delivery of advertising. We also license data from third-party data providers in order to provide better targeting for our advertising clients.
In addition, PulsePoint is part of the Internet Brands family of companies, and is a subsidiary of WebMD Health Corp. Other companies within the Internet Brands group, including WebMD, may have access to information collected by PulsePoint, and PulsePoint may also have access to information collected by the Internet Brands group of companies.
Types of information we may collect:
Most of the information PulsePoint collects is either non-personally identifiable data, which is data that does not identify you in any way but may be associated with your browsing behavior, or pseudonymous personal data. Under many US State Privacy Laws, this data may be considered “personal information.” For example, when you visit a website or click an ad, we may collect information such as:
Websites you have visited and related information, such as pages visited or the time of day you visited the website;
Ads served, viewed, or clicked on, such as the time of day of your visit, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, and whether you visited the advertiser’s website or purchased the product or service advertised;
Apps visited, the start and stop time of a use session, your time zone and your network connection type;
Mobile device information, such as the type and model, software version, manufacturer, operating system (e.g., iOS or Android), carrier name, mobile browser (e.g., Chrome or Safari), applications used and the version of such applications, and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID), or unique device identifier (a number uniquely given to your device by your device manufacturer), sometimes referred to as a mobile carrier ID;
Your Internet protocol (IP) address;
Location information, such as your zip code or approximate geographic area provided by your ISP or by location services and GPS features of a website or mobile device. GPS location may be shared with us if you have opted to provide that information a publisher or other content provider who is responsible for obtaining your prior permission to share that data with us. We may also infer geolocation of your device based on data collected through, for example, a WiFi identifier;
Demographic information such as age range, gender, and income range;
Information About Healthcare Providers, such as their publicly available information as registered on the National Provider Identifier Registry
‍
Health Information
PulsePoint specializes in health advertising and may collect and use general health-related information when delivering ads, based on interest in topics found on sites or ads that such a user has interacted with in the past. For example, if you have previously interacted with content that has to do with skin care, PulsePoint may collect that information about your interaction with that content and you may subsequently be shown an ad on another page for skin care-related products and services. We do not, however, collect sensitive health information like a user’s specific health condition or diagnosis.
We also may contract with third parties to license data that are de-identified data related to past, present or future medical conditions and treatment of those conditions, including filled prescription data. This data has been de-identified in compliance with HIPAA de-identification standards and we use the data in compliance with HIPAA. PulsePoint will never attempt to re-identify this data back to a specific individual and we follow federal, state and local laws to ensure this data remains de-identified.  Any de-identified data relating to medical conditions and the treatment of those conditions are only used for informational purposes that direct us as to how and where to bid on ad inventory, and not for direct, 1-1 advertising. We may also collect or license data about prescriptions that healthcare providers may write, but we do not collect or receive (or attempt to collect or receive) data about the patients for whom those prescriptions are written.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
We use the data we collect for the following purposes:
Targeted and Contextual Advertising
. We use the information we acquire to provide optimized, tailored advertising. We may target advertising to the content of a page (known as “contextual” advertising), to an audience of people who enter a general location, to a group of people who may be most likely to be engaged by the particular ad as part of an interest-based segment of population, or to people who have engaged with a particular brand or content before (by something known as “retargeting”).
Advertising insights and performance
. Some data we collect may be used to provide insights about an ad campaign. For example, we may use information gathered from ads we have placed to provide our clients with ad-related services, such as statistical reporting about website activity and the number of ads served, and to provide more ads to end-users based on the specific website URL, or webpage, visited. We may also disclose how frequently the average end user requests pages about a certain category (such as health or finance), or which ads a segment of end-user interacts with on domains across our Platform.
Performance of Service
. In order to provide the services requested by our clients and publisher partners, we deliver ads on publishers’ pages and apps, create audiences for targeting, provide analyses of ad campaigns, limit the number of times a person sees the same ad, associate devices that may relate to each other, determine whether certain purchases are attributed to viewing a particular ad, and other ad reporting services.
Inferred Characteristics
. When we collect data about consumers who interact with content, including interacting with ads, we may infer characteristics about those consumers. For instance, if a person consumes content about womens’ health, we may infer that the person is a woman who may also be interested in fitness and exercise.
Fraud Detection and Security
.
We may use the data to protect our Platform and our clients against fraud, as well as to protect the safety of the data we hold on our systems. We may be able to detect malicious or fraudulent activity through our services by using and reviewing the data.
Product Functionality and Improvement
. We use the data to operate our services, for aggregate statistics, to improve our services and functionalities, and for other internal business purposes.
Communication and Legal Disclosures
. We may use your information to respond to you if you reach out to us directly with questions or concerns; we may also disclose data to legal authorities or regulators if required by applicable law.
‍
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
PulsePoint discloses information that it collects to the following categories of third parties:
Affiliates
, which includes our parent companies, such as WebMD and Internet Brands, and sister companies, affiliates within the Internet Brands family.
Demand and Supply Partners,
who may receive information as part of our services on the ad exchange.
Data Vendors,
which may be consent management platforms, identity resolution providers, and other companies that help to provide us with data-related services in order to allow us to run our services in a privacy-focused manner.
Service Providers and Subcontractors,
who only provide services on our behalf, at our direction, and for no other purpose. We may share data with these service providers in order to ensure our platforms and technology work properly.
Mergers and Acquisitions
, where we may share data in connection with a corporate merger or acquisition by another company.
Law Enforcement or Regulatory Authorities
, where we may be compelled by law or other legal authority, to comply with a court order, or to otherwise cooperate in legal proceedings, including if we determine it necessary in connection with an investigation.
Clients
, for Healthcare Providers only – we share certain publicly available data such as NPI numbers, in connection with browsing behavior associated with those NPI numbers, with our clients who purchase those specific services and have signed contracts with us that include terms on protection of privacy.
‍
We may share certain information with Google. Where we share information with Google, Google uses the information to deliver its services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you may see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. You can review Google’s Privacy & Terms page
here
.
Please do note that sometimes, the ads we deliver as part of our services may include third party tracking technologies that we do not control, such as tags, pixels, cookies, etc. which may enable parties other than PulsePoint and its partners to collect data. These third parties most often are contracted by the advertiser or demand partner to measure performance of the advertisement, check for ad fraud, or some other purpose. We do not have control over those parties and their tracking technologies, and this policy does not cover those technologies, the collection of data through them, or the use of that data by those third parties.
USE OF COOKIES
We collect information about users through technologies such as cookies, pixels, tags, web beacons, or other similar technologies. “Cookies” are small data files that are stored by your web browser on your computer. When you visit a webpage, the cookie sends back data about that visit. “Pixel tags” are small graphic images (usually invisible) that can be embedded in content and ads on a webpage that track usage of websites and effectiveness of communication. These pixel tags can then be used to recognize our cookies and to monitor certain user interactions with a website.
‍Cookies and these other technologies are important and useful because they allow us to recognize your device and remember information about you, such as your preferred language and other general settings. Most of the cookies are stored in your browser, which usually gives you the ability to manage them (though browsers for mobile devices may not offer this possibility).
‍You have several choices when it comes to opting out of the collection of information about your web browsing activities through cookies. You can also find information about opting out on the DAA website. For additional information, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
OPT OUTS AND YOUR CHOICES OVER INFORMATION WE SHARE
You have various options to opt out of our Platform for targeted advertising. Opting out does not prevent you from seeing ads; it simply means that we will no longer collect data for the purpose of interest-based advertising or online behavioral advertising, and you will no longer receive ads based on your historical viewing interests, personal characteristics, consumer segments, or other information. You may still receive contextual ads, as described above.
Note that different devices require separate opt-outs because each device type uses different technologies, and many of the opt-out technologies available are browser- or cookie-based so they will only apply to those specific browsers or cookies.
Your options include:
DAA Opt Out.
Because PulsePoint adheres to the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles, you can opt out of targeted advertising by participating companies (including PulsePoint) by clicking
here
.
NAI Opt Out.
You may also opt out of targeted advertising from PulsePoint and/or other advertising networks that are also members of the NAI. You may access the NAI’s opt-out tool
here
.
TV Opt Out.
Many connected TVs and related devices offer a choice mechanism similar to those offered by mobile devices which PulsePoint will honor. In order to exercise your choices with respect to CTV or OTT devices, please visit:
https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/
.
Web Form Opt Out.
To opt out from our database, you can submit a request through our webform,
available here
.
‍
The DAA and NAI opt-out tools are cookie-based. It signals your preferences to us so that we do not collect data online or deliver ads for the purpose of interest-based/targeted advertising. These tools will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies. If you delete an opt out cookie or all cookies from a browser’s cookie files, change web browsers or change computers, you will no longer be opted out of our data collection and ad targeting, and we may place a new cookie unless an opt-out cookie is against reset on that browser. Opting out using one browser on one computer will not opt you out of using any other browser on the same or another computer.
If you are using a mobile device, your mobile device may offer settings to limit or disable mobile apps from gathering certain information. You should check the settings for the app and your device. PulsePoint honors the mobile device settings for Android and Apple iOS devices. To exercise this opt-out, please visit the privacy settings of your device and select “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android).
You may also set a preference on your browser through a browser-based opt out signal called “Global Privacy Control.” This signal is only available on certain browsers and is browser-specific, so it will only apply to the browser on which you opt to use it. However, PulsePoint honors this signal when it is passed through to us. You can learn more about GPC
here
.
LiveRamp
We may share information that we collect from you, such as your IP address or other information about your browser or operating system with certain service providers, including LiveRamp, Inc. LiveRamp returns an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie and it may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. You may opt out of this use
here
.
Healthcare Providers
If you are a healthcare provider (“HCP”) with a registered NPI number, you may request that your NPI number and other personal information be removed from PulsePoint’s NPI database at any time by submitting a request
here
.
EEA RESIDENTS
We do not intentionally process data of consumers in the EEA. However, if we receive data from a device located in the EEA, you will be afforded the rights provided under the GDPR. EEA residents are also able to access our Data Protection Officer, who is reachable at
dpo.webmd.ams@dentons.com
. For more information on our practices with respect to data of EEA residents, please visit our
EEA supplement
.
We participate in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. To learn more, click
here
.
If you are located in the EEA and visit a site or other content provider that happens to work with PulsePoint and uses the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework, that publisher should provide you with an option to choose which third parties you wish to allow access to your device and information.
COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION BY OTHERS
This Privacy Policy applies only to information gathered by us in connection with our Platform. There are other companies involved in collecting information and serving ads. The use of third-party pixels, cookies, and other technologies on websites that end-users visit, in apps that end-users use, and in ads served to end-users should be described by the privacy policies associated with those websites, apps, and ads. We have no responsibility for the collection, use, or disclosure of information by those third parties via such websites, apps, or ads.
SECURITY
We use reasonable security measures to protect the data in our possession. However, no method of transmission or storage of data is 100% secure. To the extent we provide your data to any third parties, we request that they use reasonable and industry standard security measures to protect your information.
DATA RETENTION
Information we acquire through our Platform is generally deleted within 45-60 days but may be retained in PulsePoint’s internal network for up to 18 months from the date of collection before deletion.
We retain information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your data, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
ACCESS, CORRECTION, AND DELETION REQUESTS
If you would like to access, correct, update, or request deletion of the data we have on file for you, you may submit such requests
here
. Alternatively, you may email us at
dataprivacy@pulsepoint.com
or write to PulsePoint Privacy Department, 283-299 Market Street, 2 Gateway Center, 4
th
Floor, Newark, NJ 07102. We may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity in an effort to prevent identity theft. Also, please note that in general, we only have pseudonymous data on any given individual (other than HCPs) and may not be able to link any data we have to your personally identifiable data and as such, we may not be able to complete certain rights requests.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
In the interest of the privacy of children, we do not knowingly collect information from or target end users under the age of 16. Our Platform is neither developed for nor directed at children. If we learn we have collected or received information from a minor under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will endeavor to delete that information.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
Our Platform is based in the United States and operates under United States law. If you are located outside of the United States, the information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States and in other countries where the privacy laws may not be the same as the laws where you reside and, in some cases, may not be as protective. Additional considerations apply to the collection, use, and disclosure of information from individuals who live in the EEA.
DO NOT TRACK (“DNT”) AND GLOBAL PRIVACY CONTROL (“GPC”)
Certain web browsers allow you to turn on settings that automatically send a signal to companies you interact with online to indicate you would like to opt out of having your data shared or sold. PulsePoint has implemented and will honor GPC. PulsePoint is also a signatory to the IAB’s MSPA and recognizes the GPP consent string in accordance with IAB guidance.
RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (the “CCPA”), we are required to disclose certain additional information to California residents. If you are a California resident, the information in this Section pertains to you.
In addition to the privacy rights listed below for certain US Residents, California Residents have the right to limit the use of sensitive personal information that we may collect about such residents. We generally do not attempt to collect any “Sensitive Personal Information” as defined under the CCPA, but we may be sent such information from publishers or other partners without prior notice. If we use or disclose this sensitive personal data for any reason other than as permitted under the CCPA, you have the right to request that we limit that use to only specific uses as prescribed under the CCPA.
California Disclosure
In the past 12 months:
Categories of Personal Information Collected
For Healthcare Providers Only:
Identifiers
such as name, postal address, telephone number, email, account name;
Professional or employment-related information
such as current place of employment; and all items collected below for consumers.
For Consumers:
Identifiers
such as Cookies, IP address, Mobile Ad IDs, Timestamps, User Agent Strings, unique personal identifiers, online identifiers, IP address;
Location Data
such as general location data that is “imprecise” under applicable law or the NAI Code of Conduct, whichever radius is larger, as well as other location data that may be determined based on WiFi networks that may be inferred to provide “precise” location data;
Internet and Electronic Network Information
, such as information on a user’s interaction with a website, application or advertisement; and
Inferences
drawn from other personal information.
Please also see “Information We Collect” in the privacy policy above for more details.
Categories of Sources from which Information is Collected
Websites, mobile applications, technology platforms, other adtech providers, data providers, data brokers.
Purposes for Collecting and Disclosing Personal Information
We use collected information to provide online advertising services, as further described above in “How We Use Collected Information” and “How We Share Information”
Categories of Personal Information that we sell or share
Pursuant to the definition of “sell” under the CCPA, we “sell” only the personal information described for “Healthcare Providers Only” under the “Categories of Personal Information Collected” provided above in this chart. Pursuant to the definition of “share” under the CCPA, we share the information for both HCPs and Consumers under “Categories of Personal Information Collected” provided above in this chart.
Third parties to whom information is shared or sold
Publishers, demand partners, supply partners, measurement providers, identity resolution partners, advertiser clients (for HCP data only)
CALIFORNIA DELETE ACT
PulsePoint is a registered Data Broker for purposes of, and as defined by, the California Delete Act. Below are the statistics for the Calendar Year 2023:
Consumer Requests:
Received
Completed
Denied
Exempt under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.145 / § 1798.146
Mean Number of Days to Respond
Median Number of Days to Respond
Delete
14
14
0
0
1.43
1
Know or Access
2
1
1
N/A
10
10
Opt-Out of Sale or Share
29
29
0
N/A
1.76
1
Correction
0
0
0
N/A
0
0
Limit Use of Sensitive Personal Information
1
1
0
N/A
0
0
Total Consumer Requests
46
45
1
0
2.02
1
PRIVACY RIGHTS IN THE UNITED STATES
Residents of certain states in the U.S., including those in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Nevada, are afforded specific rights with respect to the privacy and control over their personal information. Those rights are:
Right to Know and Data Portability Rights.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. You have the right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information we collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information, the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed, our business or commercial purpose for collecting and selling your personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we shared your personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
Right to Correct
. You have the right to request in certain circumstances, that we correct any inaccurate personal information that we have collected directly from you.  To protect your personal information, we are required to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
Right to Delete
. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing
. We may sell or share your personal information in connection with providing our Services, which include targeting advertising or cross-context behavioral advertising.  For example, we may share your device information with a demand partner in order to let them decide if they want to show you an ad. You can opt-out of this use of your personal information.
Right to Non-Discrimination
. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising the rights above.
‍
If you would like to submit a rights request for one of the rights afforded to you above, please submit a request through the webform
available here
or email us at dataprivacy@pulsepoint.com.
‍
Response Fees
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to change or modify this privacy notice and any of our Services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy notice for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Updated: December 2022
PulsePoint, Inc. and our affiliates and wholly-owned subsidiaries, including but not limited to, AllVoices Inc. and PulsePoint Holdings, LLC (collectively “PulsePoint” or “we”), respect and value your privacy. We operate programmatic technology platforms (collectively, the “Platform”), including the PulsePoint ad exchange, which facilitates­ ad placement for advertisers and publishers on mobile applications (“apps”) and websites. This privacy policy (our “Privacy Policy”) explains our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information on our Platform.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information we may collect and use when you visit our PulsePoint owned and operated website(s) (“Websites”), as we do not use any information collected through our Websites in our Platform. To learn about the information we collect through our Websites, please visit PulsePoint’s Website privacy policy, which is available
here
.
PulsePoint complies with the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to a change in legal, technical or business developments. Changes will be posted on our Websites and the effective date of the Privacy Policy will be revised accordingly.
What Types of Information Do We Collect?
‍Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“Non-PII”)
We and our service providers (publishers, advertising partners, or third party data providers from whom we license data from) may automatically collect information that is linked to your computer or device and may reflect how you interact with a webpage or the ads you view or click.  We or our service providers may also collect Non-PII from your mobile device or from apps on your mobile device. The Non-PII that we collect does not directly identify you personally, but it may enable us to recognize your computer or device over time. For example, when you visit a webpage or click on an ad, we or our service providers may collect information, which includes, but is not limited to:
• which websites you have visited and information about your visit, including pages visited, what time of day you visited those websites, and more;
• information about the ads served, viewed, or clicked on, such as the time of day of your visit, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, and whether you visited the advertiser’s website or purchased the product or service advertised;
• information regarding the app visited, session start/stop time, time zone, and network connection type (e.g., WiFi, cellular);
• information about your mobile device, such as the type and model, software version, manufacturer, operating system (e.g., iOS or Android), carrier name, mobile browser (e.g., Chrome, Safari), applications used and the version of such applications, and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID), or unique device identifier (a number uniquely given to your device by your device manufacturer), sometimes referred to as a mobile carrier ID;
• your Internet protocol (IP) address (a unique number that is automatically assigned to a computer when surfing the web);
• CTV/OTT information about video content viewed on a device or app
• your location information, such as your zip code or the approximate geographic area provided by your Internet service provider (ISP) or location positioning information provided by the location services and GPS features of your mobile device or website when location services have been enabled.  We may also infer the geo-location of your device based on data collected through, for example, a WiFi identifier that the device is connected to.
We may also collect Non-PII from third parties that is not linked to your computer or mobile device for use in our Platform.  Any information we receive from third parties is used to maintain and improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you.
In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), this information may be considered PII (as defined below) under applicable data protection laws.
Please see our EEA Supplement
for more information on the lawful grounds on which we process your information and data protection rights which you have if you are an EEA visitor.
If you are a California resident, or provide us with the Personal Information of a California resident please see the following additional terms:
You may
Opt Out at DO NOT SELL MY INFORMATION
And see other disclosures in this Privacy. See also our
Supplier Data Processing Agreement terms
and our
Demand Data Processing Agreement
‍Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”)
PII is information unique to you that may be used to directly identify you individually. We may acquire PII from our publishers or advertising partners or other third parties, but only where we have contractually required that these third parties have obtained your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your PII to us. Depending upon the source, the PII may include information such as email address, gender, or certain specific demographic and other information. More precise location positioning, or location information combined with other data, may make it possible to pinpoint an exact location, which in some instances could be considered PII.
Sensitive Data
Certain PII and Non-PII may also be considered “Sensitive Data.” Some examples of Sensitive Data are your social security number and financial account numbers. Sensitive Data can also include certain types of information about your race or ethnicity, or information related to your health, such as information on certain past, present, or future medical conditions and treatment of those conditions (sometimes also referred to as protected health information or “PHI”), prescriptions you have filled, laboratory results, and information about your health or wellness, including information regarding sexually transmitted diseases (“Sensitive Health Data”). Here are some examples of the categories of Sensitive Health Data we collect:
Addiction
AIDS/HIV
Alzheimer's
Anorexia/Bulimia
Autism
Bipolar Disorder
Brain Tumor
Cancer
Depression
Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency
Generalized Anxiety Disorder
Hepatic Encephalopathy
Infertility
Menopause
Metastic Melanoma
Multiple Myeloma
Parkinson's
Pregnancy Termination
Psychology/Psychiatry
Schizophrenia
Sexually Transmitted Diseases
Substance Abuse
Unless de-identified, PHI collected and stored by us is also protected under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”).
How Do We Use Your Information?
We use the information we acquire to better target and provide insights about an ad campaign. For example, we may use both PII and Non-PII gathered from ads we have placed to provide our clients with ad-related services, such as statistical reporting about website activity and the number of ads served, and to provide more ads to end-users based on the specific website URL, or webpage, visited. We also use the information we acquire to serve ads to more targeted audiences as explained below. We consider your PII, Sensitive Data (including Sensitive Health Data), and precise location information to be confidential information. Accordingly, we will obtain your consent, or, when we acquire that information from third parties, we will request that they obtain it in compliance with applicable law, and where required by applicable law or our self-regulatory obligations, secure your consent to provide the information to us and for us to use and share your information with others as explained in this Privacy Policy, including for interest based advertising (“IBA”) purposes.
‍Segments
‍We use the information we acquire to deliver ads to the most relevant recipients. For example, we may use PII and Non-PII to develop audience segments, or groupings of individuals with common interests or characteristics, and deliver ads to the individuals within a segment, or to the websites frequented by users of a particular segment, that we determine are relevant to that segment. So, for example, if you are a student, we may deliver ads for school course offerings or financial aid.
Segments may be based on demographic characteristics such as age and gender, geographic area, and other categories derived from various information, including purchasing tendencies. Segments may also be based on certain medical conditions, such as flu or diabetes, or other medical conditions that are considered sensitive, such as cancer. Here are the health segments we use:
Allergies
Alternative Medicine
Arthritis
Asthma
Beauty
Blood Sugar Management
Bone & Muscle
Cholesterol
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
Chronic Pain
Circulatory
Cold & Flu
Cosmetic
Dandruff
Deafness
Dental Care
Dermatology
Diabetes
Diet & Nutrition
Digestive Health
Ear, Nose & Throat
Epilepsy
Equipment
Exercise
Eye care
Female Health Lifestages
Feminine Care
First Aid
Food
Food Allergies
Food Issues
Foot Care
GERD/Acid Reflux
Hair Care
Headaches/Migraines
Health & Fitness
Health/LowFat Cooking
Healthy Living
Heart Disease and Wellness
Herbs for Health
Holistic Healing
Home Test Kit
Homeopathic
Incontinence
Infant Care
Massage Therapy
Men’s Health
Nail Care
Nutrition
Oral Care
Orthopedics
OTC
Overactive Bladder
Pain Relievers
Pediatrics
Pharmacy
Physical Therapy
Pregnancy
Health Care Professionals
Respiratory
Self Help
Senior Health
Sexuality
Sinus
Skin Care
Skin Health
Sleep
Sleep Disorders
Smoking Cessation
Stress Relief
Training
Vision Care
Weight Loss
Weight Management
Women's Health
Our Platform serves both contextual and targeted/IBA.
Contextual Ads
‍Placing an ad relevant to the content on the webpage is commonly referred to as contextual advertising. These ads are targeted to content categories only, meaning that a visitor of a webpage sees an ad relevant to the content found on the webpage visited. Displaying an ad for sneakers on a website that promotes running is an example of contextual advertising. Many of our ads focus on contextual advertising.
‍Targeted Ads
‍We may engage in IBA (or online behavioral advertising (“OBA”)). This may utilize the segments referred to above, and PII and Non-PII derived from browsing habits on the Internet, to target specific ads to individuals. For example, if an advertiser wants us to display ads to individuals who have expressed interest in acne, sun-care products, or advances in treating certain medical conditions, we may serve ads for those products or services to those individuals based on segment data and Internet browsing habits. We may also serve ads to you based on inferences we have made regarding health conditions that may be of interest to you. We may make these inferences using models based on a sample set of other users’ health records, which we then compare with information in our databases to create datasets we can use to make certain predictions or inferences regarding characteristics that may apply to you, including the existence of certain medical conditions. The purpose of such advertising is to serve ads better related to products and services that may be relevant to the interests of the individuals seeing them. We may also engage in IBA utilizing PII or Sensitive Health Data.
‍Retargeting
‍We may serve ads to you based on your previous visits to a website or clicks on an ad. For example, an advertiser might ask us to display a particular ad to people who have recently visited the advertiser’s website. In some instances, a cookie is placed on your computer while at the advertiser’s site, and when that cookie is seen by us on the website of another company in our Platform, we will deliver the advertiser’s ad there. We may also use information collected from mobile apps and browsers to serve ads across devices for the purpose of linking devices to relevant individuals.
‍Geo-Fencing
‍We or our service providers may deliver ads to your mobile device when you are in certain geographic locations. This type of targeted advertising is referred to as “geo-fencing” or “geo-targeting.” Geo-fencing works by placing a “fence” around a certain geographic (“geo”) location.  For example, we or one of our service providers could create a 2 square mile “fence” around a grocery store. When you go inside that fence or target area, we or our service providers may serve you specific ads based on you being in that target area. In the case of the grocery store example, you may, for example, be served ads about the grocery store or a product sold in that grocery store.
With geo-fencing we do not continuously, periodically, or intermittently track your precise location.  The geo location of your device will, however, be provided to us or one of our service partners when you enter the target area, and we may also be provided other Non-PII. Geo-fencing monitors an area and sends notifications either to an app you have on your mobile device or directly to us or our service providers when the boundary is crossed, either in or out. Those apps use this location information to process status updates only if you have geo-location enabled on your mobile device. We will not target you with ads based on your geo-location unless we believe you have provided consent to do so.
If you want to limit or prevent location data from being collected from your device you can adjust this capability through your mobile device settings. Please refer to your applicable device settings for instructions on how to manage your location settings. Additional options for opting out of receiving targeted ads can be found in the “Consumer Choice” section below.
What Information Do We Share?
Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your PII or Sensitive Data with third parties. We share your PII and Sensitive Data with third parties (i) when we have received assurance from the party who gave us that information that you consented to do so; and (ii) so that third parties may bid, purchase, and target ads to you directly or otherwise use or share that information with others for advertising or marketing purposes. As with targeted ads, we may share your PII with third parties so that they may retarget you as well. We may also remove identifying information from PII (de-identify it) therefore rendering it Non-PII, and share that de-identified information with third parties, such as in segments we create.
We may share Non-PII with third parties. For example, we may provide information to others as to the specific ads to which a segment of end-users was exposed, or we may make certain information, such as certain demographic information, about end-users viewing an ad available to buyers and potential buyers of such ads. We may also disclose how frequently the average end-user requests pages about a certain category (such as health or finance), or which ads a segment of end-user interacts with on domains across our Platform.
Although the Non-PII information that we share, including the Non-PII that is not linked to your computer, mobile device, or connected TV or app, does not directly identify you personally, there is a risk that third parties who receive such information from us may be able to re-identify you through other information they gather. We request written assurances from third parties that they will not attempt to re-identify non-PII to any particular individual.
In addition to the uses noted in this Privacy Policy, we also may disclose PII and Non-PII (including Sensitive Data) under the following circumstances: (1) if required by law, such as by a court order, statute, regulation, rule or through legal process; (2) in response to requests from federal, state, local, or foreign law and civil enforcement agencies, such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order, or for law enforcement purposes; (3) in the event of a corporate transaction such as the sale of assets or all or most of PulsePoint’s assets or equity to another company; (4) in the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of our creditors; or (5) if we determine it necessary in connection with an investigation or in order to protect our legal rights.
We may also disclose your PII and Non-PII to our affiliates, subcontractors, vendors, and other businesses who provide data processing services to us, or who otherwise process PII for purposes that are either described in this Privacy Policy or notified to you when we collect your PII. For example, we may engage third parties to analyze data or provide marketing assistance. We request written assurances that your information will only be used for the purposes of performing the functions for which we have engaged them.
Legal basis for processing PII (EEA visitors only)If you are a visitor from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using the PII described above will depend on the PII concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.  For further information relevant to EEA visitors,
please click here.
How We Use Cookies
We collect Non-PII through technologies such as “cookies” and “pixel tags” (which are also called clear GIFs, web beacons, or pixels). “Cookies” are small data files that are stored by your web browser on your computer. When you visit a webpage, the cookie sends back Non-PII. “Pixel tags” are small graphic images (usually invisible) that can be embedded in content and ads on a webpage that track usage of our Websites and effectiveness of communication. These pixel tags can then be used to recognize our cookies and to monitor certain user interactions with a website.
‍Cookies and these other technologies are useful because they allow us to recognize your device and remember information about you, such as your preferred language and other general settings. Most of the cookies are stored in your browser, which usually gives you the ability to manage them (though browsers for mobile devices may not offer this possibility). Cookies play an important role.
‍You have several choices when it comes to opting-out of the collection of information about your web browsing activities through cookies.  See the “Consumer Choice” section below for ways to opt-out. You can also find information about opting-out on the DAA website. For additional information,
please review our Cookie Policy
Consumer/User Choice and Opt Out
We are committed to following the online advertising industry’s best practices and complying with the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, which encourage consumer choice.
If you are a California resident, or provide us with the Personal Information of a California resident please see the following additional terms:
You may
Opt Out at DO NOT SELL MY INFORMATION
. See below and the HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION section and disclosures in this Privacy.
You may opt-out of our Platform for IBA/OBA. Opting out does not prevent you from seeing ads; it simply means that we will no longer collect data for the purpose of IBA/OBA, and you will no longer receive ads based on your historical viewing interests, personal characteristics, consumer segments, or other information. You may still receive contextual ads, as described above.
We encourage advertisers that place ads through our Platform that are delivered for IBA/OBA to display the DAA’s YourAdChoices Icon, which contains a link consumers may click to understand how their data is being used and see the choices they have to control the collection of data online and the display of ads for IBA/OBA. The DAA offers an opt-out tool to opt-out of the collection of data online and the display of ads for IBA/OBA. More information about the DAA’s YourAdChoices program and its opt-out tool are available
here
. Opting out from an advertiser will not, however, automatically opt you out of receiving IBA/OBA targeted ads from our Platform, nor from receiving ads. To opt out of targeted ads from our Platform, you may go
here
. We do, however, require advertisers and publishers with whom we partner to inform us if you opt-out of receiving their ads so that you are not sent those ads from our Platform.
PulsePoint is a also member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection use in digital advertising, and we adhere to the
NAI Code of Conduct
for Web and Mobile. The NAI’s opt-out tool to opt-out of our collection of data online for IBA and the placement of interest based ads. You may access the NAI’s opt-out tool
here
.
Since we are a partner with the DAA, you may also use the DAA’s opt-out tool to opt-out of our collection of data online for IBA and the placement of interest based ads. You may access the DAA’s opt-out tool
here
.
The DAA and NAI opt-out tools are cookie-based. It signals us so that we do not collect data online or deliver ads for the purpose of IBA/OBA, and only affect the Internet/web browser on the computer where the cookies are installed. These opt-out tools will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies. If you delete an opt-out cookie or all cookies from a browser’s cookie files, change web browsers or change computers, you will no longer be opted out of our data collection and ad targeting, and we may place a new cookie unless an opt-out cookie is again reset on that browser. Opting out using one browser on one computer will not opt you out using any other browser on the same or another computer.
If you are using a mobile device, your mobile device may offer settings to limit or disable mobile apps from gathering certain information. You should check the settings for the app and your device. PulsePoint honors the mobile device settings for Android and Apple iOS devices. To exercise this opt-out, please visit the privacy settings of your device and select “limit ad tracking” (if Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (if Android).
Many connected TVs and related devises offer a choice mechanism similar to those offered by mobile devices, when received PulsePoint will honor these signals.
You may opt-out of receiving marketing material or personalized advertising from PulsePoint, and/or may request that your NPI number and other personal information be removed from PulsePoint’s NPI database at any time by contacting us via e-mail at
privacy@pulsepoint.com
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Information by Others
This Privacy Policy applies only to information gathered by us in connection with our Platform. There are other companies involved in collecting information and serving ads. The use of third-party pixels, cookies, and other technologies on websites that end-users visit, in apps that end-users use, and in ads served to end-users should be described by the privacy policies associated with those websites, apps, and ads. We have no responsibility for the collection, use, or disclosure of information by those third parties via such websites, apps, or ads.
Security
We use reasonable security measures to protect the data in our possession. However, no method of transmission or storage of data is 100% secure and we will not be responsible for any damage that results from a security breach of data or the unauthorized access to or use of information, whether PII or Non-PII. To the extent we provide your PII to any third parties, we will request that they use reasonable security measures to protect your information.
Data Retention
Information we acquire through our Platform is generally deleted within 45-60 days, but may be retained in PulsePoint’s internal network for up to 18 months from the date of collection before deletion.
We retain information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your data, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your PII has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your PII and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Access Requests
If you would like to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your PII we have on file, you may submit such requests
here
. Alternatively, you may email us at privacy@pulsepoint.com or write to PulsePoint Privacy Department, 360 Madison Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, New York, 10017. We may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity in an effort to prevent identity theft.
Children's Privacy
In the interest of the privacy of children, we do not knowingly collect information from or target end-users under the age of 18. Our Platform is neither developed for nor directed at children. If we learn we have collected or received information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will endeavor to delete that information
Cross-Border Data Transfers
Our Platform is based in the United States, and operates under United States law. If you are located outside of the United States, the information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States and in other countries where the privacy laws may not be the same as the laws where you reside and, in some cases, may not be as protective. Additional considerations apply to the collection, use, and disclosure of information from individuals who live in the EEA.
Do Not Track ("DNT")
DNT is a privacy preference that you may set in certain web browsers. DNT is intended to allow you another method of informing websites and services that you do not want certain information about your website visits collected. We do not currently respond to DNT signals.
Questions and Comments
If you have questions about our Platform and your privacy, please e-mail privacy@pulsepoint.com.
Consumer/User Choice and Opt Out
We are committed to following the NAI’s Code of Conduct and complying with the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, which encourage consumer choice.
If you are a California resident, or provide us with the Personal Information of a California resident please see the following additional terms:
You may
Opt Out at DO NOT SELL MY INFORMATION
. See below and the HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION section and disclosures in this Privacy.
You may opt-out of our Platform for IBA/OBA. Opting out does not prevent you from seeing ads; it simply means that we will no longer collect data for the purpose of IBA/OBA, and you will no longer receive ads based on your historical viewing interests, personal characteristics, consumer segments, or other information. You may still receive contextual ads, as described above.
We encourage advertisers that place ads through our Platform that are delivered for IBA/OBA to display the DAA’s YourAdChoices Icon, which contains a link consumers may click to understand how their data is being used and see the choices they have to control the collection of data online and the display of ads for IBA/OBA. The DAA offers an opt-out tool to opt-out of the collection of data online and the display of ads for IBA/OBA. More information about the DAA’s YourAdChoices program and its opt-out tool are available
here
. Opting out from an advertiser will not, however, automatically opt you out of receiving IBA/OBA targeted ads from our Platform, nor from receiving ads. To opt out of targeted ads from our Platform, you may go
here
. We do, however, require advertisers and publishers with whom we partner to inform us if you opt-out of receiving their ads so that you are not sent those ads from our Platform.
Since we are a member of the NAI, you may also use the NAI’s opt-out tool to opt-out of our collection of data online for IBA and the placement of interest based ads. You may access the NAI’s opt-out tool
here
.
The DAA and NAI opt-out tools are cookie-based. They signal us so that we do not collect data online or deliver ads for the purpose of IBA/OBA, and only affect the Internet/web browser on the computer where the cookies are installed. These opt-out tools will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies. If you delete an opt-out cookie or all cookies from a browser’s cookie files, change web browsers or change computers, you will no longer be opted out of our data collection and ad targeting, and we may place a new cookie unless an opt-out cookie is again reset on that browser. Opting out using one browser on one computer will not opt you out using any other browser on the same or another computer.
If you are using a mobile device, your mobile device may offer settings to limit or disable mobile apps from gathering certain information. You should check the settings for the app and your device. PulsePoint honors the mobile device settings for Android and Apple iOS devices. To exercise this opt-out, please visit the privacy settings of your device and select “limit ad tracking” (if Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (if Android).
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Information by Others
This Privacy Policy applies only to information gathered by us in connection with our Platform. There are other companies involved in collecting information and serving ads. The use of third-party pixels, cookies, and other technologies on websites that end-users visit, in apps that end-users use, and in ads served to end-users should be described by the privacy policies associated with those websites, apps, and ads. We have no responsibility for the collection, use, or disclosure of information by those third parties via such websites, apps, or ads.
Security
We use reasonable security measures to protect the data in our possession. However, no method of transmission or storage of data is 100% secure and we will not be responsible for any damage that results from a security breach of data or the unauthorized access to or use of information, whether PII or Non-PII. To the extent we provide your PII to any third parties, we will request that they use reasonable security measures to protect your information.
Data Retention
Information we acquire through our Platform is generally deleted within 45-60 days, but may be retained in PulsePoint’s internal network for up to 18 months from the date of collection before deletion.
We retain information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your data, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your PII has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your PII and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Access Requests
If you would like to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your PII we have on file, you may submit such requests
here
. Alternatively, you may email us at privacy@pulsepoint.com or write to PulsePoint Privacy Department, 360 Madison Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, New York, 10017. We may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity in an effort to prevent identity theft.
Children's Privacy
In the interest of the privacy of children, we do not knowingly collect information from or target end-users under the age of 18. Our Platform is neither developed for nor directed at children. If we learn we have collected or received information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will endeavor to delete that information
Cross-Border Data Transfers
Our Platform is based in the United States, and operates under United States law. If you are located outside of the United States, the information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States and in other countries where the privacy laws may not be the same as the laws where you reside and, in some cases, may not be as protective. Additional considerations apply to the collection, use, and disclosure of information from individuals who live in the EEA.
Do Not Track ("DNT")
DNT is a privacy preference that you may set in certain web browsers. DNT is intended to allow you another method of informing websites and services that you do not want certain information about your website visits collected. We do not currently respond to DNT signals.
Questions and Comments
If you have questions about our Platform and your privacy, please e-mail privacy@pulsepoint.com.
Your Choice on Cookies
We and our
58
partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Accept All
enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Accept Essential or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage  .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
See our cookies Notice
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
See our List of Partners
Customize Choices
Accept Essential
Accept All
About Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent and legitimate interest. You may exercise your right to consent or object to a legitimate interest, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
48 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Create profiles for personalised advertising
41 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
41 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Create profiles to personalise content
11 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised content
9 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
53 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Measure content performance
15 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
35 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Develop and improve services
50 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Use limited data to select content
8 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
List of IAB Vendors‎
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 17
https://www.conversant.com/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
Last updated April 14, 2021
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Conversant Solutions LLC (“
Company
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at erconnolly@conversant.com.
When you visit our website conversant.com, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites and our services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website (such as conversant.com), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the “
Sites
“).
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us such as name, address, contact information, passwords and security data, and payment information.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the Sites or otherwise contacting us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Sites, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:
Name and Contact Data.
We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials.
We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Payment Data.
We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Sites.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Sites. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Sites and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Sites, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
Information collected from other sources
In Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information we receive from other sources include: social media profile information; marketing leads and search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links).
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Sites for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt­out of our marketing emails at any time (see the ”
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
” below).
Fulfill and manage your orders.
We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Sites.
For other Business Purposes.
We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Sites, products, services, marketing and your experience.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent:
We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests:
We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract:
Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations:
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests:
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third­Party Advertisers.
We may use third­party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Sites. These companies may use information about your visits to our Website(s) and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 2 years.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Sites is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Sites, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Sites. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at info@conversant.com.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to
the processing of your personal information
. To make such a request, please use the contact
details provided below
. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local
data protection supervisory authority
. You can find their contact details here:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
Cookies and similar technologies:
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Sites. To opt­out of interest­based advertising by advertisers on our Sites visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
CONTROLS FOR DO­NOT­TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do­Not­Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about
categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Sites, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Sites. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Sites, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at info@conversant.com or by post to:
Conversant Solutions LLC
207 Canyon Blvd Ste 301
Boulder, CO 80302
United States
If you have any further questions or comments about us or our policies, email us at info@conversant.com or by post to:
Conversant Solutions LLC
207 Canyon Blvd Ste 301
Boulder, CO 80302
United States
Phone: 3035419491
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request form by email to info@conversant.com. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
We use cookies to personalize content and to provide you with an improved user experience. By continuing to browse this site you consent to the use of cookies. Please visit our
Cookie Policy
for further details.
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.