Produit
L'approche
Notre expérience d'apprentissage unique et excitante
L'application
Notre appli simple et gamifiée
Le back-office
L'interface la plus facile pour créer et gérer votre contenu
Le contenu
Prêt à l'emploi et créé par des partenaires et experts
Tout voir >
Cas d'usage
Performance
Booster les performance de vos équipes
Sécurité
Protéger votre entreprise et équipes
Intégration & Transformation
Accélérer le changement de votre organisation
Tout voir >
Cas clients
Ressources
À propos
En savoir plus sur SPARTED
Blog
Nos articles autour de la pédagogie et du mobile learning
Webinars
Les replays de nos webinars
Librairie
Notre bibliothèque de contenus thématiques
FAQ
Les réponses à vos questions vous attendent
FR
Français
English
Démonstration
Démonstration
Sparted Website
Privacy Policy
Last update:
30th August 2024
Privacy Policy of SPARTED
SPARTED operates the sparted.com website, which provides the informations around our micro learning and mobile learning B2B solution.
SPARTED, single member simplified limited company with capital of 500€.
Head office : 21, rue de Berri 75008 Paris – France
Phone : +33 1 76 41 02 15
Website:
https://sparted.com/
‍
contact@sparted.com
‍
NAF code : 5829C
Company Registration number : Paris, 804 344 216
Siret : 804 344 216 00010
AT identification number: FR 35 80 43 44 216
Authorised representative and CEO : Matthieu Le Vavasseur
Publication director : Merwan Maroc
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information if anyone decided to use our service, the sparted.com website.
If you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The personal information that we collect are used for providing and improving the service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.
Data Collection
Contact forms
On our website, we have set up several forms in order to operate our services. Those forms are set under a third party service. Inside those forms, you may be asked to fill in your name, first name, company name, company email address and phone number amongst other personal data.
On all of our contact forms, you will be asked to opt in for communication with our sales team.
We use information about you where you have given us consent to do so for a specific purpose such as sales and marketing intents. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you, following your online request on our forms.
Also, you can chose whether or not you opt in for our marketing subscription so you can be contacted by SPARTED’s marketing team and receive updates on our events, product and solution, company milestones and any other type of marketing content.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these cookies to collection information and to improve our service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies. If you have already accepted the sending over cookies and you wish to remove them, please clear your cookies within your browser settings.
Our website stores cookies for a month and automatically deletes them after this set time. You will be thus asked to accept or refuse these cookies again after this deadline.
Analytics
Our websites has Google Analytics installed which allows us to track and compile anonymous visitor statistics. The information collected ranges from simple traffic volume to the type of browser you are viewing our websites with.
This information is valuable to us not just for marketing analysis and quantification, but to improve the usability, security and load speed of our websites content.
Google Analytics is a popular, secure, flagship webmaster product from Google. The privacy and security of Google Analytics data is a high priority at Google that you can read more about on Google’s Analytics Data Safeguarding page.
Google also offers a Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on that will allow you to automatically Opt-out of all websites that track your activity via Google Analytics. No personal information is collected by Google Analytics.
Enquiry Forms
Visitors can choose to contact us via enquiry form(s) on our websites.
In order to prevent spam enquiries, we currently working on protecting our forms with a ‘CAPTCHA’ challenge to ensure the submission is from a living person, rather than a computer bot.
This CAPTCHA challenge creates a cookie that is used only to check the input response from the user is correct. The CAPTCHA cookie does not store any other information from your enquiry.
How to disable cookies
Most modern browsers allow you to control your cookie settings for all websites that you browse.
You can disable cookie deployment completely by editing your browser settings, however in doing this you may be limiting the functionality that is displayed on our websites.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal information for no longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was originally collected unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, for legal, tax or regulatory reasons, or other legitimate and lawful business purposes.
Where we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete, aggregate or otherwise anonymize it.
You can contact us for general data queries by email to
contact@sparted.com
mentioning “general data queries” in the email subject. Please advise us of as much detail as possible to comply with your request and answer to best of our abilities.
How long we retain your data
SPARTED
retains different data set for different time periods. Here below we have listed those specificities:
• form entries for three months if no interaction with our services
• cookies records for one month
• app users for the contract time duration
• customer purchase records for the contract time duration
Your Privacy Rights
Update and access to your information
Where we process personal information collected via our Website or Apps or via our services for our own account management, billing or marketing purposes, we provide individuals with the opportunity to access, review, modify, and delete any such personal information that we process as required by the applicable law of your residence.
Unsubscribe from our mailing list
You may at any time ask us to remove you from our mailing list by clicking “Unsubscribe” in any e-mail communications we send you, or by going to our contact form to submit a request. We will remove you from our mailing list in accordance with applicable laws.
What rights you have over your data
Under GDPR law
, as a website visitor “Data Subject”, you have the right to:
• The right to be informed
• The right of access
• The right to rectification
• The right to erasure
• The right to restrict processing
• The right to data portability
• The right to object
Website Host
Host Name:
Webflow, Inc.
‍
Host Address:
398 11th Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
• To facilitate our service;
• To provide the service on our behalf;
• To perform service-related services;
• To assist us in analyzing how our service is used.
We want to inform our service users that these third parties have access to your personal information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Who we share your data with
SPARTED uses a range of third-party services in order to sustain our activities. If you want a full list of those third-parties, kindly send us an email at
contact@sparted.com
. We will respond to the best of our abilities.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your personal information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes in Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.The last update of our privacy policy was on 30 August 2024.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy policy, do not hesitate to contact us at this email address:
contact@sparted.com
. We will respond within the best of our capabilities.
Revenir sur la page d'accueil >
Axeptio consent
Plateforme de Gestion du Consentement : Personnalisez vos Options
Notre plateforme vous permet d'adapter et de gérer vos paramètres de confidentialité, en garantissant la conformité avec les réglementations. Personnalisez vos préférences pour contrôler la manière dont vos informations sont manipulées.