Introduction
The following privacy policy and terms cover all the important aspects of how we interact with your data and offer our services.
In general, and in non-lawyer speak: we take your privacy seriously.
WE DON’T WANT YOUR INFORMATION.
We’ve specifically designed Mesmerize to require very little information exchange and storage between us and the user.
If there’s something in our privacy policy or terms that you don’t think is in alignment with this general philosophy please let us know. We spend a lot more time writing code and music than we do writing legalese.
If you need help or have questions, please email us at support@mesmerizeapp.com
View our privacy policy
here
Mesmerize Software Terms and Conditions
1. The Mesmerize software (“the software”) is licensed (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not sold) to you on a non-exclusive basis for your personal use only and may not be used for any commercial purpose nor for the benefit of any third party and all rights of ownership in the software (including copyright which is protected by national laws and international treaty) are reserved by and belong to Rockwell Ventures Inc.
2. You may not resell, rent, lease, sublicense, lend or supply copies of the software (including any nap program or part of a program comprised in the software or downloaded from it) to any other party nor assign subcontract or in any way make over the benefit of this license to any other party nor may you make copies of, modify, decompile, adapt, translate, attempt to reverse engineer or discover the internal workings of, or otherwise exploit the software.
3. The software and related documentation are provided on an “as is” basis and without representation or warranty of any kind expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, any warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose whether imposed by law or otherwise implied all of which are hereby excluded to the maximum extent permitted by law.
4. You agree to satisfy yourself independently that the software is suitable for your use of same before you use it.
5. Any liability of the Licensor for any defect in the software shall be limited to the price paid by you for the license to use same and, for the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstances shall the Licensor be liable for any incidental, special or consequential loss or damage (and related costs and expenses) resulting from the use or inability to use the software or related documentation.
6. “Mesmerize” is owned by Rockwell Ventures Inc. and this license does not give you any rights to (and you shall accordingly not) use the name for any purpose whatsoever.
7. You acknowledge you have read and understood the safety warning. If you are in doubt you should consult your doctor/physician before you use the Mesmerize product. You must not use the Mesmerize product when driving, operating machinery or at any time when full alertness is required
Safety Warning
Do not use Mesmerize products if you suffer from epilepsy, clinical depression or any other nervous or psychiatric condition without consulting a doctor first. If you are in doubt for any reason please consult your doctor/physician before you use the Mesmerize product. The Mesmerize product should not be used when driving, operating machinery or at any other time when full alertness is required.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.mesmerizeapp.com/privacy:
Website Privacy Policy
Welcome to http://mesmerizeapp.com/ (the “Website”), owned and operated by Rockwell Ventures Inc. (“Company”). The following policy (the “Privacy Policy”) governs your use of Company’s Website and Company’s use of your private information. This Privacy Policy creates a binding legal agreement between you and Company and your access to the Website is subject to this Privacy Policy. Company reserves the right to update and change the Privacy Policy by posting updates and changes to the Website. You are advised to check the Privacy Policy from time to time for any updates or changes that may impact you.
1. Data Collected by Company
(a) When you send email or other communication to Company, Company may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve Company’s Websites.
(b) Company logs certain basic user information to better understand how visitors use Company’s website. This information is commonly made available by web browsers and servers, and may include data about browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
2. Company’s Use of Data
(a) Company maintains and processes your personal information only when you reach out to us through an external communication channel, or purchase a product or service from us, or explicitly opt-into communication with us.
(b) Unauthorized Minors. Company does not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 18. If you believe Company has inadvertently collected such information, please contact us at support@mesmerizeapp.com, so Company can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
(c) Security. Information collected by Company may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where Company does business. Company takes reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against the unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. Company encrypts transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
3. Miscellaneous
(a) This Privacy Policy constitutes the entire agreement between you and Company with respect to the specific subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements or understandings of any kind with respect to the specific subject matter hereof.
(b) In the event that any provision or part of this Privacy Policy shall be deemed void or invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions or parts shall be and remain in full force and effect.
(c) Company reserves the right, in Company’s reasonable discretion, to make modifications to this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such modifications will be made by updating and posting a new version on the Website and notifying you of the revised Privacy Policy. In the event that Company makes changes to this Privacy Policy, Company will provide you with the opportunity to review and approve the terms prior to your continued use of the Website. Should any modification be unacceptable to you, your sole recourse is to discontinue use of the Website.
(d) The provisions of this Privacy Policy are solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and not for the benefit of any third parties, except that Company shall have the right to assign this Privacy Policy and/or any of the rights herein and this Privacy Policy shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company’s assignee(s) hereto and their respective successors, assigns and legal representatives.
(e) No failure by either party to pursue any remedy resulting from a breach of any provision of this Privacy Policy by the other party shall be construed as a waiver of that breach or as a waiver of any subsequent or other breach unless such waiver is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the non-breaching party.
(f) Any notice, demand or other communication which may or is required to be given under this Privacy Policy must be in writing and must be: (i) personally delivered; (ii) transmitted by United States postage prepaid mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested; (iii) transmitted by reputable overnight courier Website, such as Federal Express or UPS; (iv) transmitted by legible facsimile, with confirmation of receipt;or (v) transmitted by electronic mail, with confirmation of receipt.
(g) This Privacy Policy shall be governed in accordance with the laws of London, Country of The United Kingdom, applicable to agreements to be wholly performed therein, without giving effect to its laws governing conflict of laws, with jurisdiction and venue exclusive to the federal and state courts located in London, United Kingdom.
4. Surveys and Contests.
From time to time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in web-based contests or surveys. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name address and phone number(s)), demographic information (such as zip code) and personal preference information (such as your opinions). We use this information to better understand who uses our products and how we can make them better.
Company may use a third-party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company is prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with any other third party unless we give you prior notice and you elect to permit the provision of that information to the third party.
Mobile App Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Mesmerize (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Rockwell Ventures Inc. The Application is Basic description of the app (features, functionality and content).
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with us is not required. In the course of using the Application you may provide to us (a) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (b) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (c) credit card information for purchase and use of the Application, and; (d) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as sound mixes and mix preferences. We may also use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information and required notices.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Information Shared with Apple Healthkit
You may instruct us to share certain of your information with systems such as Apple’s HealthKit, and to access information from those systems which we will use to improve the services we provide to you.
Before you tell us to share your information with another system, however, you should review the applicable privacy policy of that system, since any information you have instructed us to share will become subject to those policies.
Mesmerize does not use or disclose to third parties user data or other information gained through the use of the Healthkit framework for advertising, other use-based data mining purposes or similar services, other than for purposes of improving health or for purposes of health or medical research.
In the case of information gained through HealthKit such sharing will only be for purposes of enabling the third party to provide health and/or fitness services or for medical research.
We do not sell any of your information, including information gained through HealthKit
We do not use any of the information obtained through HealthKit for any purpose other than providing health and/or fitness services in connection with Mesmerize.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if Developer Company Name is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@mesmerizeapp.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at support@mesmerizeapp.com
License
The use of the Mesmerize software is subject to the terms and conditions of the Mesmerize software license set out below and by using the software in any way (including downloading or launching the software) you are agreeing to these terms and conditions.