Privacy Policy
Toolbex (‘Toolbex’, ‘we’, ‘us’) cares about your privacy. This Privacy Policy provides information on how we collect, process and protect your personal data in all our operations, as well as your rights regarding such data.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
We only collect and process personal data to such an extent that is necessary for our business operations and for providing and developing our mobile game applications and websites (our ‘Services’).
We use your data to provide our Services, to communicate with you, to provide customer support and for game development purposes. This helps us to understand our customers better and to create better experiences for you in the future. We also send some of your data to third parties when you choose to watch an advert in our games. These third parties may use it for marketing purposes, including targeted advertising. Working with advertising networks in this manner allows us to continue to offer our games to you free of charge.
Typically, we collect your data when you first use our Services (i.e. when you install a mobile game application); when you play the game (e.g. in-game event analytics and personalised gameplay experiences); and when you interact directly with us (e.g. customer service correspondence).
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to the way we handle data. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Our personal data processing operations are based on the relevant national and international regulations, adhering to the rules and principles of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, we recommend you refrain from using our Services.
If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us at contact@toolbexgames.com.
What personal data do we collect, and why do we collect it?
Your IDFA (device identifier for advertisers). This can be matched to you, and is used for marketing. It is shared with third parties who may use it for personalised marketing. Allowing third parties to advertise in our games allows us to offer our Services to you for free.
You can reset your IDFA in your mobile device’s Settings or by following the instructions:
Resetting your IDFA erases all data previously associated with it, meaning you will no longer receive personalised adverts.
Android
Open Google Settings
Go to ‘Ads’
Tap on ‘Reset Advertising ID’
Confirm the reset
You can also choose not to receive personalised advertising by opting-out of interest-based ads. Just toggle off the ‘Opt-out of interest-based ads’ option.
iOS
Open Settings
Go to ‘Privacy’
Tap on ‘Advertising’
Choose ‘Reset Advertising Identifier’
You can also choose not to receive personalised advertising by opting-out of interest-based ads. Just toggle the ‘Limit Ad Tracking’ option on.
Resetting your IDFA erases all data previously associated with it, meaning you will no longer receive personalised adverts.
We collect the above information based upon your agreement with our Terms of Service, and it ensures we can effectively provide our Services to you.
Our passion is to create awesome mobile games that you can enjoy for many years to come. In order to continue improving the games we make, we collect analytics regarding the actions you take in the game.
We collect your device ID, device information and geolocation. This is used for in-game matchmaking, optimising the game to your device specifications and understanding how our players interact with the game so we can continuously improve it and adjust the game to your playing style. It also helps us troubleshoot any potential problems and deal with your queries efficiently, as discussed below in Customer Communications.
If you wish, you can also choose to connect to Facebook (optionaly) when you use our games. By connecting to Facebook in the game you will be agreeing to their Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. When you connect to Facebook, we receive information such as your public profile, friends list and profile picture. We use this information to display your profile in the game and facilitate features such as gift sending and receiving. You can disconnect your Facebook account at any time.
Our Services use built-in advertising run by third-party advertising networks that you can choose to initiate to enhance the in-game experience. Such advertisements allow us to offer you our Services for free.
When you view an advert in the game, the advertising network receives and processes your unique Identification for Advertising (IDFA). Advertising networks use this to send you advertising. You can reset and/or disable your IDFA at any time by following the instructions below in Resetting your IDFA.
Advertising networks handle your IDFA in accordance with their respective privacy policies, which you can consult on their website. A list of the the advertising networks we typically work with is below. From time to time we may change the advertising networks we work with without updating our Privacy Policy. For a fully updated list, please email contact@toolbexgames.com.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Links to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Facebook
Appodea
l
Yandex.Metrica
Removing the data we hold for you
You have the right to be forgotten and can request your data to be permanently removed at any time. Once your data is removed you will lose all of your progress in our games, including access in-game purchases you may have made. If you would like your data to be removed please send an email to contact@toolbexgames.com.
Data Security
We have taken technical and organisational measures for protecting your personal data from loss, misuse or other similar unlawful access. These methods include, among others, use of firewalls, encryption and safe server premises.
Access to your personal data is restricted internally through access control, as well as through granting and controlling access rights. Your personal data will be processed only by such employees who have the right to do so within the scope their duties. When we send your data to third parties, they only process your data in accordance with their scope of work as set out in our agreements with such third parties.
Our policy regarding children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at contact@toolbexgames.com.
Data retention
We will retain your personal data as long as is needed for the purpose it was originally collected for; as long as we are legally obligated; or until we receive a request for erasure. That means that we’ll hold your data for the entire life cycle of the respective mobile game application you’ve used as part of our Services. After this point, your personal data will either be erased completely or made anonymous by modifying them irreversibly.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us by mail: contact@toolbexgames.com.