TAP HERE TO PLAY!
Play Solitaire Online Now For Free
4.7 Stars Out Of 5
Play online or download Solitaire in the App Store, Google Play & Amazon Appstore.
HOW TO PLAY SOLITAIRE
In this online version of Solitaire you can choose to draw 1 or 3 cards to help increase your chances of winning. The primary goal of the game solitaire is to place the entire deck onto the foundations in sequence and in the same suit. Starting from ace and going all the way to the king. Learn more about the details on how to play solitaire by reading this quick step by step guide. We will walk you through the gameplay, rules, how to win, and more. Solitaire is a fun, relaxing, game that helps keep your mind sharp.
Read More
TOP 10 SOLITAIRE STRATEGIES
Learn how to increase your chances of winning every time you play solitaire.  These strategies will help level up your gameplay and help take out the guesswork while playing.
Learn the
Top 10 Solitaire Strategies
our players use to increase their chances of winning every hand.
BENEFITS OF PLAYING SOLITAIRE
Did you know that playing Solitaire has numerous benefits beyond killing time including boosting your memory and helping promote self-competition?
Read up on the Top 7 Benefits of Playing Solitaire.
Our Games
Explore Games
COME WORK WITH US!
Work on the #1 solitaire game and solitaire-related games. We offer a fun work environment with excellent health care benefits, 401k, profit sharing, company trips, free Friday lunches, all the coffee you can drink, and annual Game Jam. Most importantly – we treat you right!
View Jobs
Solitare banner
NEED SUPPORT?
We love our players. Have a question or something to say about your experience with our games? Lay it on us because we are here to listen and lend a helping hand.
Get Help
Our Players Know Best
Private: SOLITAIRE
"This has become addicting. I play everyday and sometimes more than once."
09Wazoo13
BLACKJACK
"Love the latest upgrades and this app is the best I've used to practice for the casino - and so much fun! "
BizzieWest
JIGSAW PUZZLE
"I really really love this app. So relaxing!"
Slightlysorry
Previous
Next