Press enter to go to our contact page or call customer service directly through 888-933-3301
Press enter to go to main content
G-STAR
Open sidebar
search
Men
Women
Outlet
search
search
search
search
EN
Choose your shipping destination and language
Continue
Your bag will be emptied when you change your country settings.
login
New arrivals
Men
Women
Walter Van Beirendonck
SS25 Lookbook
MEN
Jeans & Trousers
Jeans
Trousers & Cargos
Shorts
Swimwear
Jackets & Coats
All jackets
Transitional Jackets
Puffer Jackets
Overshirts
Denim Jackets
T-shirts & Tops
Sweaters & Hoodies
Knitwear
Shirts
T-Shirts & Polos
Shoes & Accessories
Footwear
Underwear
Accessories
Socks
New Arrivals
Shop All Men
Bestsellers
WOMEN
Jeans & Bottoms
Jeans
Trousers & Cargos
Shorts
Jackets & Coats
All jackets
Transitional Jackets
Puffer Jackets
Denim Jackets
Tops
Sweaters & Hoodies
Knitwear
Shirts & Blouses
Tops & T-Shirts
Dresses & Jumpsuits
Dresses
Jumpsuits
Skirts
Shoes & Accessories
Footwear
Accessories
Socks
Underwear
New Arrivals
Shop All Women
Bestsellers
JEANS
Men
All Jeans
Slim
Skinny
Straight
Tapered
Loose
Women
All Jeans
Skinny
Boyfriend
Straight
Loose
Bootcut & Flare
Kids
Boys
Girls
Denim Outfits
G-STAR Elwood
Jeans Fit Guide
Raw Denim
KIDSWEAR
Boys
Girls
Previous collections
Men
Women
Outlet
Outlet
My Account
Manage profile
Profile settings
Change password
Addresses
Newsletters
Member Card
My Monthly Benefits
My Vouchers
Orders
Log out
Login
my account
PRIVACY STATEMENT OF G-STAR
Date:
July 2023
Group eStore B.V., Erno’s B.V. and their subsidiaries and divisions (hereafter “G-Star”, “We” or “Us”) are committed to the privacy and security of your personal data. This statement explains what personal data We collect, how We use and protect your personal data, and provided an overview of your respective rights with relation to your privacy (“Privacy Statement”).
Many of G-Star’s stores are owned and operated by independent entrepreneurs. This privacy statement does not apply to the collection and use of your personal data by these independent entrepreneurs. Please refer to the privacy statements of these independent entrepreneurs for information on how they use your personal data. The privacy statement can be found on the websites of these parties.
Overview
The following questions and answers explain how G-Star processes your personal data:
Does this Privacy statement apply to you?
What personal data does G-Star process and for which purpose?
Who has access to your personal data?
How long will G-Star keep your personal data?
What measures does G-Star take to protect your personal data?
Does G-Star collect personal data of children?
Where does G-Star store and transfer your personal data?
What rights can you exercise in relation to your personal data?
What if you have other questions or complaints?
Will there be updates to this Privacy statement?
Does this Privacy statement apply to you?
This Privacy statement applies to you if you:
Are a customer of G-Star;
Have a subscription to the G-Star newsletter or participate in any other promotional activity of G-Star;
Visit the websites of G-Star (g-star.com, outlet.g-star.com, employeeshop.g-star.com) or one of the underlying sub-pages on these websites (“Websites”);
Are using the G-Star RAW – Official App;
Visit a G-Star store;
Are accepting #YESGStar.
What personal data does G-Star process and for which purpose?
In the course of its business activities, G-Star processes personal data. Personal data is any information that can directly or indirectly be used to identify a natural person. You provide most of your personal data voluntarily to Us. In some cases, the personal data is collected automatically by G-Star or obtained from a third party source. G-Star will process personal data if:
You are a customer of G-Star
G-Star processes customers’ personal data to sell its products. This involves entry into a sales agreement to process your payment and, where relevant, to ship your product to you. Processing necessarily includes application of security, fraud prevention, and credit checks and registration. G- Star processes the following customer personal data:
Contact information, including your name, (invoice and delivery) address, e-mail address and phone number;
Personal information, including your date of birth and preferences;
Order information, including product, size, payment method, shipping method, order history; Financial information, including your bank account number, credit card number, invoice specifications, order amount, payment status;
Optional information, such as your gender, company information and account details.
As a customer, you also have the option to make use of the following related services: Account: to optimize and simplify your shopping experience, you can create an account on the Website. To create an account, G-Star needs the following information:
Contact information, including your name, address, e-mail address and phone number; Account information, including your e-mail address and password;
Optional information, such as your gender, date of birth and company information; and your preferences, including your preferred store, product categories and size.
Customer Service: For questions or complaints regarding G-Star products or services, you may contact G-Star customer service at 0800-0200454 and
https://www.g-star.com/customer-service/contact
. Before G-Star can process your question or complaint, G-Star will need to verify your identity based on your personal data which may include:
Contact information, including your name, address, e-mail address, age, gender, data of birth, nationality and phone number;
Content, including the subject of the message, remarks, images and screenshots, the content of the telephone conversation;
Optional information, such as order number.
G-Star uses this personal data for the following purposes:
To better perform our obligations under our agreement with you;
To help you have the best customer experience with Us;
To remember your language and other preferences;
To help you obtain information you need;
To provide a safe and secure means of transacting business with Us;
To evaluate and improve our level of customer satisfaction and to better understand our customers;
To react to your questions and requests; and
To fulfill legal obligations or exercise legal rights of G-Star, its affiliates, or other third- parties.
You have a subscription to the G-Star newsletter or participate in a G-Star promotional activity or participate in the G-Star loyalty program
G-Star Newsletter: G-Star would like to keep you informed of news relating to G-Star and send you special offers. If necessary We will ask your consent before sending you our newsletters and other promotional offers. To send you our newsletter, G-Star processes the following information:
Contact information, including your name, address, e-mail address, age, gender, data of birth, nationality, phone number, Social Media details;
Order information, including order history, preference history, products in basket; Preferences, including preferred store (location), size;
Technical information, including subscriber key, account type.
If you have indicated your preferences in your account, We will tailor our communication to what We think you will be interested in and provide you with personalized offers. Each communication will include an opt-out link to allow you to unsubscribe from the newsletter. You may also adjust your preferences in your account.
Promotional activity: G-Star may also organize a promotional activity in which you may participate. To conduct the promotional activity, including for instance to select a winner and communicate the results, G-Star may require the following information:
Contact information, including your name, address, e-mail address, age, gender, data of birth, nationality and phone number;
Promotional information, including the content you provide in order to participate in the promotional activity;
Technical information, including a promotional code.
Loyalty program: You can subscribe to the G-Star loyalty program on the Website or in a G-Star store. To subscribe to the loyalty program, you’ll need to provide the following information:
Email address;
Gender;
Password for account;
Optional information, such as first and last name, date of birth, sizes, and product preferences.
Upon successfully subscribing to the G-Star loyalty program, your Website account will change into a G-Star reward account. In this account, you can view the following information, which G- Star will use to provide you with loyalty program rewards:
Personal information, including shipping information, your birthday and your sizes;
Member card number;
Points / status (benefits of status, point history, FAQ);
Personal styling service (silver, gold & platinum);
Vouchers;
Opt-in settings for marketing & membership;
Online / offline purchases;
Refer a friend settings and history.
G-Star uses this personal data for the following purposes:
To perform our obligations under our agreement with you; To identify you when you subscribe;
To administer and manage your Account;
To provide information about and to deliver our rewards program, customized advertising; communications and content from Us specific to your interests;
To help you obtain information you are looking for;
To provide a safe and secure service and enhanced customer experience;
To measure effectiveness of our loyalty program, how you use it, and to better understand you as well as other members;
To respond to your questions and requests; and
To fulfill legal obligations or exercise legal rights of G-Star, its affiliates, or other third parties.
You visit the Websites or use the G-Star RAW – Official App
By visiting the Websites or by using the G-Star RAW – Official App, G-Star, after obtaining your consent, where required by law, automatically collects information by means of cookies and similar technologies. This information may consist of:
Identifiers, including IP-address, cookie-id or device-id;
Information about your connection to the Websites, webpages and/or the ad server, including the date, time and type of the connection;
Internet browser details, including browser type and language settings; Operating system details, including OS type and language settings;
Device details, including location and (in case of mobile device) longitude, latitude, model and carrier;
Use of and interaction with the Websites, webpages or advertisements, including your interests and click-trail;
Information on the advertisements presented to you; Social Media details, such as account details;
Your activities over time and across third-party websites, apps, or other online services.
To learn more about the use of these technologies, please consult our
Cookie Statement
. The major browsers have attempted to implement the draft “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) standard of the World Wide Web Consortium (“W3C”) in their latest releases. As this standard has not been finalized, the G-Star site is not compatible with DNT. G-Star uses this personal data for the following purposes:
To perform our obligations under our agreement with you;
To help Us and third parties obtain information about your visits to the Websites;
To analyze your use of the Websites to improve our Websites;
To deliver advertising, communications and content from Us and third parties, on our Websites and those of third parties, specific to your interests;
To remember your language and other preferences;
To help you obtain information you are looking for;
To provide a safe and secure service and transactions;
To measure how many people use our sites, and how they use them, to keep our sites running efficiently and to better understand our audiences;
To secure, amend and improve our Websites;
To secure the G-Star system by enhancing the security controls around platform access;
To provide your information to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Statement; and
To fulfill legal obligations or exercise legal rights of G-Star, its affiliates, or other third- parties.
We will analyze your information to build individual profiles. These profiles will be used to predict future interests and display targeted (online) advertisements. Our goal is to provide relevant and interesting offers to you. The profiling is based on your (surfing) behavior on the internet. This includes the viewing of advertisements, any interaction with it and the overlap between desktop and mobile usage.
You visit a G-Star store
By visiting a G-Star owned and operated store, along with the categories of data above in section a, G-Star may process your personal data for the following purposes:
Protecting rights and security.
In order to protect the rights and security of our organization, employees and visitors and in order to investigate crimes or violations of our policies G-Star will process the following personal data:
Video images;
Improving product and services.
In order to improve our products and services, for example by counting the number of visitors to G-Star stores and optimizing the lay-out of products in G-Star stores, G-Star may process the following personal data:
First and last name;
E-mail address;
Identifiers such as your MAC address or IP address;
Time and location of your visit to a G-Star store;
Newsletter Subscription;
When you visit a G-Star store, you may be provided the opportunity to subscribe to our newsletter. For more information, please refer to paragraph b. above concerning the G-Star Newsletter.
You accept #YESGStar
In the event you share social media content using a tag (e.g. @gstarraw) and/or a hashtag (e.g. #GStarRAW, #ItsYouOwnIt), G-Star may place a comment under your content asking your consent to use the specific photo and/or video.
By replying with #YESGstar, you agree that G-Star may republish on, but not limited to, the Websites, marketing and communication material of G-Star, the G-Star RAW – Official App, G-Star advertisements, social media accounts of G-Star, social walls and/or in-store digital screens.
G-Star may process the following (personal) data:
Profile name;
Photo and/or video material;
Likes of the material;
Profile picture;
Caption;
The amount of likes and comments;
The Date of the social media post;
Location data.
G-Star uses this personal data for the following purposes:
Marketing and advertising.
Who has access to your personal data?
G-Star may:
Share your personal data with its affiliates, subsidiaries and divisions, or with third parties if such is necessary for the purposes as listed above. G-Star will require third parties to conduct activities in a manner consistent with G-Star policies and guidelines in relation to data protection;
Share your personal data with parties processing personal data on our behalf. In such cases, these parties may only use your personal data for the purposes described above and only in accordance with our instructions. G-Star will only use parties which provide sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures and ensure the protection of your personal data;
Grant employees access to your personal data if necessary for the performance of their tasks. In such a case, access will be granted only if necessary for the purposes described above and only if the employee is bound by confidentiality;
Share your personal data if required to do so by law, court order, or other legal process, for example, with law enforcement agencies or other governmental agencies, to establish or exercise our legal rights or in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divesture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
How long will G-Star keep your personal data?
G-Star retains your personal data in accordance to our record retention needs. The exact period of time is based on the type of the personal data and the legal obligations or business purposes for retaining it. After the retention period, the personal data will be either destroyed or anonymized.
What measures does G-Star take to protect your personal data?
G-Star has taken appropriate technical and organizational security measures including, but not limited to, reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures designed to protect your personal data, all to ensure that:
your personal data is protected against unauthorized access;
the confidentiality of your personal data is assured;
the integrity and availability of your personal data will be maintained; personnel is trained in information security requirements; and
actual or suspected data breaches are reported in accordance with applicable law.
Due to the nature of the Internet and related technology, We cannot absolutely guarantee the security of Personal Data, and We expressly disclaim any such obligation.
Does G-Star collect personal data of children?
G-Star does not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13. If we determine upon collection that a user is under 13 years of age, we will not use or maintain his/her personal data without a parent/guardian's consent. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal data from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.
Where does G-Star store and transfer your personal data?
Due to the nature of our business and the services we provide to our clients, G-Star may need to transfer your personal data to locations outside of your country of residence. In all cases where personal data is transferred, G-Star guarantees that such transfer is subject to appropriate security measures.
For example, for the European Union (“EU”), such transfers may be regulated by a contract based on the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission as set out in Article 46(2) of the General Data Protection Regulation. You can request a summary or copy of these documents using the contact details below.
What rights can you exercise in relation to your personal data?
Based on the law applicable to the use of your personal data, you may be able to exercise a number of rights in relation to your personal data. Note that in many cases, your rights are not absolute and we may not be required to comply with your request. These rights, as applicable in the EU, are explained below.
Right of access
You may have the right to request access to your data. This enables you to receive a copy of the data we hold about you and possibly more information on our processing of your personal data. Your personal data will usually be provided to you digitally.
Right to rectification
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and complete. However, if you believe this is not the case, you can ask Us to update or amend it. You have this right in case we process personal data about you that: (i) is factually incorrect; (ii) is incomplete or not related to the purpose it was collected for; or (iii) is in any other way used in a manner that is in conflict with applicable law.
Right to erasure
In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask Us to erase your personal data. This is the case where: (i) the data is no longer necessary, (ii) you have withdrawn your consent, (iii) you have objected to the processing activities, (iv) the data has been unlawfully processed, (v) the data has to be erased on the basis of a legal requirement, or (vi) where the data has been collected in relation to the offer of information society services. However, this will need to be balanced against other factors. For example, we may not be able comply with your request due to certain legal or regulatory obligations.
Right to restriction of processing
In certain circumstances, you are entitled to ask Us to (temporarily) stop using your personal data, for example where you think that the personal data we hold about you may be inaccurate or where you think that we no longer need to use your personal data.
Right to data portability
In certain limited circumstances, you may have the right to ask that we transfer personal data that you have provided to Us to a third party of your choice. This right only applies if it concerns processing that is carried out by Us by automated means, and only if our processing ground for such processing is your consent or the performance of a contract to which you are a party.
Right to object
You have the right to object to processing which is based on our legitimate interests. Unless we have a compelling legitimate ground for the processing, we will no longer process the personal data on that basis when you file an objection. Note however, that we may not be able to provide certain services or benefits if we are unable to process the necessary personal data for that purpose.
Rights relating to automated decision-making
You have the right not to be subjected to automated decision-making, including profiling, which produces legal effect for you or has a similar significant effect. If you have been subject to an automated decision and do not agree with the outcome, you can contact Us using our contact details below and ask Us to review the decision.
Right to withdraw consent
We may ask for your consent to process your personal data in specific cases. When we do this, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. G-Star will stop the further processing as soon as possible after the withdrawal of your consent. However, this does not affect the lawfulness of the processing before consent was withdrawn.
Click here
to request insight into your personal data. If you need assistance with this request or when you have other questions please use the contact details above.
Right to complaint
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with local data protection authority in the jurisdiction where you work, where you live or where an alleged infringement takes place. A listing of the European Data Protection Authorities and their contact information can be found
here
. However, we would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach them, so please feel free to contact Us beforehand.
What if you have other questions or complaints?
Questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Statement or the processing of your personal data may be directed to G- Star by
e-mail
via:
G-Star Raw HQ
Joan Muyskenweg 39
1114 AN Amsterdam
+31 (0)800-0200454
www.g-star.com
Will there be updates to this Privacy statement?
This Privacy Statement is effective as of July 2023. G-Star may update this Privacy Statement from time to time and will publish its updated Privacy Statement on its Website. Any such updated Privacy Statement is effective upon posting. We may also notify you via email or other direct electronic communication method of any changes that, in our sole discretion, materially impact treatment of your Personal Information. You are responsible for periodically visiting this Privacy Statement to check for changes. Identification of when the Privacy Statement has last been updated is located at the top left corner of this page.
Get insight in your personal data we gather to provide you with a relevant shopping experience.
Click here
.
Print this page
Back to top
Be the first to know
From sales to collabs and more.
Allow notifications?
Yes
No, thanks
If yes, please click
allow
on the next pop up