Pricing
About us
Affiliate program
More
Security
Blog
FAQ
Tools
Liquidity Checker
Crypto Screener
Sign іn
Try for FREE
First non-custodial DEX trading bot.
Join DEX trading revolution with goodcryptoX!
LAUNCH BOT
×
GoodCrypto Privacy Policy
Your privacy is of paramount importance to us, and we use all reasonable means to ensure that the amount of information we collect about our users is kept to an absolute minimum.
The sole purpose of the collection of such information is to improve the service we provide to our users. This purpose only requires aggregated information on how users interact with our application and does not require any personal identification.
We do not collect any personal information beyond the data that you explicitly provide to us.
We do not sell or otherwise share your personal information to any third party beyond the service providers that are used within the application, such as usage analytics provider and authentication provider.
All the data we collect is encrypted and stored in depersonalized databases. We do not intend to identify users, thus your data is never used for this purpose. Any collected data that may potentially be used by us or other parties to identify you is automatically encrypted and anonymized at the point of collection.
You can completely erase all your personal information from our systems at any time.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
The only personal data that we collect is your email address provided when creating your account with us. We strongly suggest to only use such an address that does not allow to identify your First and Last Name or Place of Work. We also advise to use email obfuscation services such as Hide My Email from Apple when creating your account.
We would only use your email when contacting you with our system messages, product updates, marketing communications, or when replying to your support requests.
Your email is never shared with any third parties. We create an anonymous User ID that replaces your email and is then used when communicating with third-party analytics or marketing software.
Usage Data
To ensure your best user experience and to be able to improve our product continuously we collect and analyze your app usage data. We also use third-party tools like Google Analytics to collect and analyze some of that data. The only personal data that we collect is your email address provided when creating your account with us. We strongly suggest only to use such an address that does not allow to identify your First and Last Name or Place of Work. We also advise to use email obfuscation services such as Hide My Email from Apple when creating your account.
Other types of data
We do not collect other types of your data. We are also making all reasonable efforts to ensure that no other data is collected by any of the third-party plugins or libraries that we may use when developing our application.
Data Processing
We store and process your data internally in responsible manner, using system-wide encryption and deanonymization techniques wherever possible. No third parties other than analytics and marketing providers described above have access to any of your data at any point.
Data Deletion
You can delete all your data from our systems at any time by deleting your account with us. To do that go to Settings -> Delete Your Account.