Privacy Policy
Ig followers
·
Follow
6 min read
·
May 1, 2020
Listen
Share
Ig Followers is a followers analytics application for Instagram® account holders with the features of unfollow detection, blockers detection, detection of profile interactions and such. This privacy policy describes how Ig Followers collects and uses the information you provide. By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a analytics for Instagram©. This means we use your content, preferences and personal information you make available through the Service, consistent with the terms and conditions of this privacy policy and our terms of use applies to all users, and others who access to our services.
INFORMATION
We may collect your location based data, personal information and share your information of the account, profile information, user content, preferences，product and content interests，communication and marketing preferences, usage activity, purchase history, content you viewed, the apps you visited, device information and operating system.
We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party.
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service.
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access a web page or app. It can also be provided when the content of the webpage or app is downloaded to your browser or device. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.
When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more device identifiers.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to help you efficiently access your information after you sign in, remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service； provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing； develop and test new products and features； monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns； diagnose or fix technology problems； automatically update the application on your device. Ig Followers or other Users may run contests, special offers or other events or activities on the Service.
SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you. Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms. We may share user content and your information with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that Ig Followers is part of, or that become part of that group. Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service and Affiliates’ own services.
We may share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information would allow third-party ad networks to, among other things. We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymous data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.
We may disclose your personal information required by law, such as to comply legal process. When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. If Ig Followers is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information, to any other third party with your prior consent to do so；tracking and ads.
We reserve the right to partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our App or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner would use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Apps to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests
If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of Reports, or our assets to another organization, your information such as name and email address, User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred. You will continue to own your User Content The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the China where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to： detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity； to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the China or any other country in which Ig Followers, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities. Ig Followers, its Affiliates, or Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to any other country in which Reports., its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure and take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your account However, Ig Followers cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to Ig Followers or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and Ig Followers at all times. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to Ig Followers make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
Update your account at any time by logging in and changing your profile settings. Unsubscribe from email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).
Following termination or deactivation of your account Ig Followers, its Affiliates, or its Service Providers may retain information (including your profile information) and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.
OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. We are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policy.medium.com/medium-privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9?source=post_page-----d20c33e912db---------------------------------------:
Open in app
Sign up
Sign in
Write
Sign up
Sign in
Medium Privacy Policy
Effective date: March 24, 2022
Medium
·
Follow
Published in
Medium Policy
·
11 min read
·
Sep 1, 2020
Listen
Share
You can see our previous Privacy Policy
here
.
This Privacy Policy explains how A Medium Corporation (
“
Medium
,”
“
we
,”
or
“
us
”
) collects, uses, and discloses information about you. This Privacy Policy applies when you use our websites, mobile applications, and other online products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our
“
Services
”), contact our customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website or providing you with a notification). We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
CONTENTS
Collection of Information
Use of Information
Sharing of Information
Third-Party Embeds
Transfer of Information to the United States and Other Countries
Your Choices
Your California Privacy Rights
Additional Disclosures for Individuals in Europe
Contact Us
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, you share information directly with us when you create an account, fill out a form, submit or post content through our Services, purchase a membership, communicate with us via third-party platforms, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of personal information we may collect include your name, display name, username, bio, email address, business information, your content, including your avatar image, photos, posts, responses, and series published by you, and any other information you choose to provide.
In some cases, we may also collect information you provide about others, such as when you purchase a Medium membership as a gift for someone. We will use this information to fulfill your request and will not send communications to your contacts unrelated to your request, unless they separately consent to receive communications from us or otherwise engage with us.
We do not collect payment information through our Services. We rely on third parties to process payments in connection with our Services. Any information you provide to facilitate such a payment is subject to the third-party payment processor’s privacy policy, and we encourage you to review this policy before you provide any information to the payment processor.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Interact with Us
In some instances, we automatically collect certain information, including:
Activity Information:
We collect information about your activity on our Services, such as your reading history and when you share links, follow users, highlight posts, and clap for posts.
Transactional Information:
When you purchase a membership, we collect information about the transaction, such as subscription details, purchase price, and the date of the transaction.
Device and Usage Information:
We collect information about how you access our Services, including data about the device and network you use, such as your hardware model, operating system version, mobile network, IP address, unique device identifiers, browser type, and app version. We also collect information about your activity on our Services, such as access times, pages viewed, links clicked, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies:
We use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. Web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) are electronic images that we use on our Services and in our emails to help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage. We also work with third party analytics providers who use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, and links clicked. This information may be used by Medium and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver content targeted to your interests on our Services, and better understand your online activity. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, see Your Choices below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We obtain information from third-party sources. For example, we may collect information about you from social networks, accounting services providers and data analytics providers. Additionally, if you create or log into your Medium account through a third-party platform (such as Apple, Facebook, Google, or Twitter), we will have access to certain information from that platform, such as your name, lists of friends or followers, birthday, and profile picture, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such platform.
Information We Derive
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, we may make inferences about your location based on your IP address or infer reading preferences based on your reading history.
USE OF INFORMATION
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our Services, which includes publishing and distributing user-generated content, personalizing the posts you see and operating our metered paywall. We also use the information we collect to:
Create and maintain your Medium account;
Process transactions and send related information, such as confirmations, receipts, and user experience surveys;
Send you technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about new content, products, services, and features offered by Medium and provide other news and information we think will interest you (see Your Choices below for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time);
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Detect, investigate, and prevent security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity and protect the rights and property of Medium and others;
Debug to identify and repair errors in our Services;
Comply with our legal and financial obligations; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We share personal information in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this policy:
We share personal information with other users of the Services. For example, if you use our Services to publish content, post comments or send private notes, certain information about you will be visible to others, such as your name, photo, bio, other account information you may provide, and information about your activities on our Services (e.g., your followers and who you follow, recent posts, claps, highlights, and responses).
We share personal information with vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to personal information in order to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, storage, and other infrastructure, analytics, payment processing, fraud prevention and security, customer service, communications, and marketing.
We may disclose personal information if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If we are going to disclose your personal information in response to legal process, we will give you notice so you can challenge it (for example by seeking court intervention), unless we are prohibited by law or believe doing so may endanger others or cause illegal conduct. We will object to legal requests for information about users of our Services that we believe are improper.
We may share personal information if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our
user agreements or policies
, if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of Medium, our users, the public, or others.
We share personal information with our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests.
We may share personal information in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
Personal information is shared between and among Medium and our current and future parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership.
We share personal information with your consent or at your direction.
We also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
THIRD-PARTY EMBEDS
Medium does not host some of the content displayed on our Services. Users have the ability to post content that is actually hosted by a third party, but is embedded in our pages (an
“
Embed
”
). When you interact with an Embed, it can send information about your interaction to the hosting third party just as if you were visiting the third party’s site directly. For example, when you load a Medium post page with a YouTube video Embed and watch the video, YouTube receives information about your activity, such as your IP address and how much of the video you watch. Medium does not control what information third parties collect through Embeds or what they do with the information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through Embeds. The privacy policy belonging to the third party hosting the Embed applies to any information the Embed collects, and we recommend you review that policy before interacting with the Embed.
TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER COUNTRIES
Medium is headquartered in the United States, and we have operations and service providers in the United States and other countries. Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction. For example, we transfer personal data to Amazon Web Services, one of our service providers that processes personal information for us in various data center locations across the globe, including those listed
here
. We will take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
YOUR CHOICES
Account Information
You may access, correct, delete and export your account information at any time by logging into the Services and navigating to the
Settings page
. Please note that if you choose to delete your account, we may continue to retain certain information about you as required by law or for our legitimate business purposes.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually adjust your browser settings to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Communications Preferences
You may opt out of receiving certain communications from us, such as digests, newsletters, and activity notifications, by following the instructions in those communications or through your account’s
Settings page
. If you opt out, we may still send you administrative emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Mobile Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send push notifications to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act or
“
CCPA
”
(Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100 et seq.) affords consumers residing in California certain rights with respect to their personal information. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences. For details about the precise data points we collect and the categories of sources of such collection, please see the Collection of Information section above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the Use of Information section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:
Link to a text version of this table
Medium does not sell your personal information.
Subject to certain limitations, you have the right to (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose about you, (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) opt out of any sales of your personal information, if we engage in that activity in the future, and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. You may make these requests by emailing us at
privacy@medium.com
or by completing
this webform
. We will verify a webform request by asking you to provide identifying information. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. This may include requiring you to verify your identity. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please
contact us
.
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR INDIVIDUALS IN EUROPE
If you are located in the European Economic Area (
“
EEA
”
), the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, you have certain rights and protections under applicable law regarding the processing of your personal data, and this section applies to you.
Legal Basis for Processing
When we process your personal data, we will do so in reliance on the following lawful bases:
To perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., providing the products and services you requested).
When we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data to operate our business or protect our interests (e.g., to provide, maintain, and improve our products and services, conduct data analytics, and communicate with you).
To comply with our legal obligations (e.g., to maintain a record of your consents and track those who have opted out of non-administrative communications).
When we have your consent to do so (e.g., when you opt in to receive non-administrative communications from us). When consent is the legal basis for our processing your personal data, you may withdraw such consent at any time.
Data Retention
We store personal data associated with your account for as long as your account remains active. If you close your account, we will delete your account data within 14 days. We store other personal data for as long as necessary to carry out the purposes for which we originally collected it and for other legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory, or other compliance obligations.
Data Subject Requests
Subject to certain limitations, you have the right to request access to the personal data we hold about you and to receive your data in a portable format, the right to ask that your personal data be corrected or erased, and the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing. To exercise your rights:
If you sign up for a Medium account, you may at any time request an export of your personal information from the
Settings page
, or by going to Settings and then selecting Account within our app.
You may correct information associated with your account from the
Settings page
, or by going to Settings and then selecting Account within our app, and the
Customize Your Interests page
to update your interests.
You may withdraw consent by deleting your account at any time through the
Settings page
, or by going to Settings and then selecting Account within our app (except to the extent Medium is prevented by law from deleting your information).
You may object at any time to the use of your personal data by contacting
privacy@medium.com
.
Questions or Complaints
If you have a concern about our processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority where you reside. Contact details for your Data Protection Authority can be found using the links below:
For individuals in the EEA:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
For individuals in the UK:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
For individuals in Switzerland:
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact.html
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@medium.com
.
If you are from the EEA or the United Kingdom and have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@medium.com
or our privacy representatives as follows:
Privacy representative for EEA
Unit 3D North Point House
North Point Business Park
New Mallow Road
Cork T23AT2P
Ireland
Or
here
.
Privacy representative for the United Kingdom
37 Albert Embankment
London SE1 7TL
United Kingdom
Or
here
.
Privacy
Media
Some rights reserved
Follow
Published in Medium Policy
42K Followers
·
Last published
Nov 8, 2021
Terms of Service, Rules, and Policies
Follow
Follow
Written by Medium
1.5M Followers
·
32 Following
Everyone’s stories and ideas
Follow
Help
Status
About
Careers
Press
Blog
Privacy
Terms
Text to speech
Teams