Skip to content
Home
About
Pricing
Blog
Contact
Kasual™
Privacy Policy
Last modified: September 1, 2021
PLEASE READ THIS POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND OUR POLICIES AND PRACTICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION AND HOW WE WILL TREAT IT.
BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS APP, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, PLEASE do not use our App.
This privacy policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this App after We make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
This Privacy Policy and associated agreements are written to comply with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (“General Data Protection Regulation”).
1. INTRODUCTION.
Yumi Limited
, a limited liability company organized in Hong Kong (
“Yumi,”
“Company,”
“We”
or
“Us”
) respects your privacy and We are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information We may collect from you or that you may provide when you download the App from the Apple App Store or Google Play and such other related sites and mobile applications as Yumi may create (collectively, the “
App
”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
The App enables people (each, a “
User
” and, collectively, the “
Users
”) who live close to one another to connect and meet, all while ensuring 100% anonymity for everyone involved. Some User Content is available to all Users and other User Content is available to only Members.
Capitalized terms not defined herein are defined in our Terms and Conditions.
This policy applies to information We collect:
On the App.
In email, text and other electronic messages between you and this App.
This policy does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means; or
any third party (including any of our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the App. We encourage you to be aware when leaving the App and to read the privacy statements of any other site or application that collects personally identifiable information.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT.
We collect different types of information from and about users of our App, including information:
that enables you to use the App such as your gender, photo, date of birth, sexual preferences and location (“
Essential Information
”);
that, while not required for you to use the App, will enhance your experience and improve the selection process and may enhance your chance of finding a match while not revealing your identity (“
Optional Information
”), such as:
Bio or voice recording
Height
Ethnicity
Body type
Relationship status
Education
Religion
School
Occupation
Drinking
Smoking
Drugs
STD Status
STD Check
Answers for profile questions
that is about you but does not identify you individually;
about your internet connection, the equipment or device you use to access our App and usage details.
We do not collect information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number, email address and other contact information or credit card information (collectively, “personal information”)
… unless, for example, you include your name in your photo or voice recording, or you are photographed in front of your house showing your address, which we do not recommend.
When you purchase a membership through Google Play or the Apple App Store, we do not get any personal information from that transaction. All personal information relating to that transaction is solely between you and Google Play or the AppStore, as the case may be, and their respective Privacy Policy would apply.
(a) Information You Provide to Us
. The information We collect on or through our App may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our App. This includes information provided at the time of, for example, creating your profile or making any inquiries or requests to us.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses) such as support requests, if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that We might ask you to complete for research purposes.
(b) Information and Persistent Identifiers We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with our App, We may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
details of your visits to our App, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the App; and
information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information We collect automatically may include personal information which We may maintain or associate with personal information We collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our App and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
estimate our audience size and usage patterns; and
recognize you when you return to our App.
The technologies We use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer or on your mobile device. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our App. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our App.
Flash Cookies.
Certain features of our App may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our App. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see the section titled Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons.
Pages of our App and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
(c)
Our use of UUIDs.
Rather than use your personal information, We use Universally Unique Identifiers (each, a “
UUID
’”) which is generated randomly to connect you with your account. We may collect your information repeatedly as your UUID is changed when you:
factory reset your device;
use the App on a different/new device; or
reinstall the operating system of your device.
PLEASE NOTE
that you will have more than one account on the App as a result of repeatedly collecting your information. We strongly suggest you delete your account on the App before your UUID changes as a result of the foregoing events so you will have only one account on the App.
(d)
Your use of our services
.  We will collect additional information when you use certain of the services we offer such as messaging and location-based services.  In such cases, we will retain and messages that you send to another User as well as those between you and Us, to both resolve any issues that may arise as well as to resolve any technical issues you may be having with the App.  If you choose to use the location services feature of your device, We will have access to your location – but the default choice is that the App does NOT use the location services of your device.  Additionally, if you contact customer service for any reason, We will obtain your email address.  Other than messages you send to Us, we will not access messages between Users unless (a) requested/required by law enforcement or an official order of any court with competent jurisdiction, or (b) required to resolve any dispute between Users.
3. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE IN YOUR PROFILE.
Owing to the unique nature of the App, your profile includes only the Essential Information and, in your discretion, the Optional Information, none of which identifies you individually (unless you are photographed with such information or you say so in your recording).  We use that information for the sole purpose of better understanding our audience as a whole and enhancing our services.
You grant us permission to make Essential Information and, to the extent you provide it, Optional Information public.
Our staff has limited access to the information you provide in your profile, as you may amend it from time to time, and our staff may access that information only for the purpose of assisting you to edit or delete that information, as well as for assisting you in the use of our App or in resolving Disputes.
4. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED OTHER THAN THAT PROVIDED IN YOUR REGISTRATION AND PROFILE.
We use information We collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
to present our App and its contents to you;
to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide such information;
to provide you with notices about your account;
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any use of our App, including for billing, collection and payment;
to notify you about changes to our App or any products or services We offer or provide through it;
to prevent fraud;
for testing, research, analysis and product development, which enables us to improve and enhance the safety and security of our services, develop new features and products;
to improve the App and any products, We may provide third parties with statistical information We gather from your information;
in any other way We may describe when you provide the information; and
for any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, notify us at hello@kasualapp.com.  For more information, see the section titled
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
. We may use the information We have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though We do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
5. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION.
We do not collect any information that can personally identify you.  Consequently, we have no personal information to disclose or sell.
We may sell aggregated information as to our users’ Essential Information and Optional Information to parties who may be interested in informing you about goods and services that they feel you may be interested in.
We may convey or transfer whatever information (which does not include your personal information) we have:
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
to contractors, service providers and other third parties We use or work with to support our business;
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our App’s users is among the assets transferred;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide such information;
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; and
with your consent.
We may disclose your whatever information we have:
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements, including for billing, collection and payment purposes; and
if We believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Yumi or others
including you
, which may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
6. CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION.
We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the App may be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from Us
. If you do not wish to receive promotional offers from Us or for third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to
hello@kasualapp.com
.  If We have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be excluded from future email distributions.  This opt-out feature does not apply to information provided to the Company in connection with your registration, a service experience or other transactions.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose to not have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (”
NAI
”) on the NAI’s website.
7. ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION.
You are the only person who can edit, delete or authorize the editing or deletion of your information.
You can review and change your personal information by notifying Us at
hello@kasualapp.com
or by deleting your profile and creating a new profile.  If you uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.
8. DATA SECURITY.
We employ measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where We have given you (or where you have created) an account for access to certain parts of our App, you are responsible for keeping this account confidential. We ask you not to share your acount with anyone.
No data transmissions over the Internet, cell-phone connections or Wi-Fi can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We cannot guarantee the security of any information communicated by or to other Users.
Any transmission of personal information is at your own
risk
. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the App.  Once We receive your information, We take reasonable measures to secure it on our systems.
If We learn of a security breach, We may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the App or providing personal information to us, you agree that We can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of the App. We may post a notice on the App if a security breach occurs. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances.
As we do not collect any personal information, we do not store, process or transfer any personal information that would be subject to the GDPR. Our company relies on derogations for specific situations as defined in Article 49 of the GDPR. If you are a European Union customer or user, with your consent your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other countries outside the European Union when you request information from Us. When you buy goods or services from Us, we will use your personal information for the performance of a contract or to take steps to enter into a contract. Wherever we transfer, process or store your personal information, we will take reasonable steps to protect it. We will use the information We collect from you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our App, services or products you agree to the transfers of your personal information described within this section.
9. DATA RETENTION & PROCESSING.
We will keep information you store with us for as long as We need it to make the App available to you; and We may store, use and/or transmit information in locations around the world, including those outside your country. Even if you delete your account, We will keep this information and any data collected regarding all activities in which you have already engaged pursuant to your use of the App for a period of time as we deem appropriate but no longer than as allowed by applicable law.
10. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
It is our policy to post any changes We make to our privacy policy on this page. If We make material changes to how We treat our users’ personal information, We will notify you through a notice on the App home page, an email or other such means as we determine reasonable to bring the changes to your attention. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring We have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our App and this privacy policy to check for any changes.  By continuing to use or access the App after the revisions come into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
11. CONTACT INFORMATION.
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at
Yumi Limited
by emailing us
hello@kasualapp.com
.
12. LAW AND JURISDICTION.
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, and disputes shall be resolved pursuant to, the Terms and Conditions.
13. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”), California residents have certain rights regarding our collection, use and sharing of personal information.  We do not sell your personal information and will not do so in the future without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale, as required by law. We do not offer financial incentives associated with our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information.
We collect various categories of personal information when you use the App that may include but not be limited to identifiers, commercial information and internet or other electronic network or device activity information. A more detailed description of the information we collect and how we use it is provided above in Sections 4 and 5. Sections 5 and 6 describe the categories of third parties, if any, with whom we share personal information and what information may be shared under different circumstances.
If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request to know what personal information has been collected about you and to access that information. You also have the right to request deletion of your personal information, though exceptions under the CCPA may allow us to retain and use certain personal information notwithstanding your deletion request.  You may also send your request by email to
hello@kasualapp.com
. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. An agent may submit a request on your behalf, but you must verify that your agent is authorized to do so.
Separate from the CCPA, California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our App that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
hello@kasualapp.com
.
14. YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE GDPR.
When using our App and submitting personal information to us, you may have certain rights under the GDPR if you reside or are in any of the countries of the European Union. Depending on the legal basis for processing your personal information you may have some or all of the following rights:
The Right to Be Informed – You have the right to be informed about the personal information that we collect from you and how we process them.
The Right of Access – You have the right to get confirmation that your personal information are being processed and you have the ability to access your personal information.
The Right to Rectification – You have the right to have your personal information corrected if they are inaccurate or incomplete.
The Right to Erasure (Right to Be Forgotten) – You have the right to request the removal or deletion of your personal information if there is no compelling reason for us to continue processing them.
The Right to Restrict Processing – You have the right to ‘block’ or restrict the processing of your personal information. When your personal information are restricted, we are permitted to store your data, but not to process them further.
The Right to Data Portability – You have the right to request your personal information that you provided to us and use them for your own purposes. We will provide your data to you within 30 days of your request. Contact us by email to
hello@kasualapp.com
to request your personal information.
The Right to Object – You have the right to object to us processing your personal information for the following reasons:
Processing was based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling)
Direct marketing (including profiling)
Processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling.
Automated Individual Decision-Making and Profiling – You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects regarding you or similarly significantly affects you.
Filing a Complaint with Authorities – You have the right to file a complaint with supervisory authorities if your information has not been processed in compliance with the General Data Protection
If the supervisory authorities fail to address your complaint properly, you may have the right to a judicial remedy.