Skill Yoga Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
We, Skill Yoga GmbH, Planufer 93A, 10967 Berlin, are committed to protecting privacy of users of the Skill Yoga website, Skill Yoga application(s), and/or other related services (hereinafter collectively the “Skill Yoga Services” or the “Services”).
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, Skill Yoga GmbH is the “data controller” for all Skill Yoga Services.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal and non-personal data we collect and how we use such data. This Privacy Policy is part of our General Terms and Conditions and applies to all Skill Yoga Services. Therefore, please make sure that you read and understand our Privacy Policy, as well as the General Terms and Conditions.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they may be accessible through the Skill Yoga Services.
By using any of the Skill Yoga Services, you hereby warrant and represent that (i) you have read, understand and agree to this Privacy Policy, (ii) you are over 16 years of age (or are a parent or guardian with such authority to agree to this Privacy Policy for the benefit of an individual who is under 16 years of age). If you do not accept the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy and the consents associated therewith, please do not use our Services.
Last revised: August 2019
1. General provisions
To be able to use our services, you must register. Already during the registration process you will provide certain personal data to us. How we use such data and what rights you have in connection therewith is explained in this Data Privacy Policy.
You will also transfer certain information to us when you access our website e.g. your IP address. We will also receive data about which terminal device (computer, smartphone, tablet, etc.) you are using, which browser (Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, etc.) you are using, the time at which you access the website, the so-called referrer, and the data volume transferred.
Such data cannot be used by us to identify the user. They are used for statistical purposes only. Such analyses help us make our services more attractive and, if necessary, to improve our services.
2. What are personal data?
The term “personal data” is defined by the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and, after its effective date, the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). You can think of your personal data as any data that allow you to be identified or that can be correlated to you. Such data include, for example, your name and contact information. We need some of this information so that we can offer you our Skill Yoga Services.
On the other hand, “non-personal” data cannot be correlated to any specific user. By removing identifiable parts from and anonymizing personal data, personal data can be converted into “non-personal data.”
3. How are personal data collected and processed?
Personal data is collected by us if you provide such data to us on your own initiative. This happens, for example, when you contact us or other members, i.e., when you open your Skill Yoga user account or sign up for a subscription. We will use personal data you have provided to us only if and to the extent necessary for providing our services and handling of the contract or if you have consented that we may use your data for the purposes described in this Data Privacy Policy.
Your personal data will be stored for as long as this is necessary for achieving the defined purposes. If you cancel your user account, we will also erase your personal data. An exception applies only if we have a legal obligation to archive data for a certain time period.
4. What are log files?
A log file automatically logs all or defined actions on a computer system. Such log files are important, for example, for process control and automation. In the case of databases a log file tracks changes to the database of correctly executed transactions. In the event of an error (e.g., a system crash), this allows the current dataset to be restored. Log files are also created by web servers. Inter alia, the following data are logged: the address of the accessing computer, authentication fields, date and time of access, access method, content of HTML access, status code of the web server, and information about the browser and operating system used by the client.
Every time you access our website the aforementioned data will be automatically stored in log files.
5. What are cookies and tracking pixels?
We collect information about visitors to our website in order to improve our services. For this purpose we use different kinds of so-called cookies and tracking pixels.
A cookie allows a web server to place a text file (e.g., a clear ID) on your computer or smart phone/tablet. Cookies are used, for example, to automatically recognize you the next time you visit our websites. The cookie is sent either by the web server to your browser or is generated by client-side scripting (e.g., JavaScript). Cookie data will be stored locally on your terminal device and in most cases will be effective only for a limited time period.
Websites that include flash media write user-specific data to your computer and later read such data. Such files are called flash cookies or local shared objects (LSO). Such files are not managed by your browser, but rather by the flash player plug-in. Flash cookies are subject to the same rules as conventional cookies. Flash cookies, too, can only be read by the website that caused those flash cookies to be placed. However, flash cookies can store a substantially greater volume of data.
Your browser offers extensive setting options to manage cookies. For example, you can deactivate cookies in your browser or limit cookies to certain websites. You can also program your browser to first notify you before a cookie is placed. You can also choose these settings on your mobile terminal devices. You can at any time manage cookies by changing the settings of your devices, delete cookies, or block cookies altogether.
You can also visit our website even if you block cookies on your terminal device. If you block cookies, the display of our website may however be impaired and not all functions may be available to you.
Tracking pixels are small graphics in HTML e-mails or on websites. When you access such a website, your access to the tracking pixel will be recorded in a log file. This allows statistical analyses which, in turn, can be used to improve our services. You can set your e-mail program or your browser so that HTML e-mails will be displayed as text only, thereby preventing the use of some tracking pixels.
6. Which types of data do we collect, process, and use?
We collect three types of data:
data you provide to us voluntarily,
data we receive when you use our services, and
data we receive from third parties.
In other words, we process and use data (including personal data) you make available to us voluntarily on the website in various situations (e.g., when you send us an e-mail). We also use data that are collected automatically on our website. Finally, we may also receive data about you from third parties, for example when another user provides us with information about you.
It is therefore impossible to provide you with an exhaustive list of all possible types of data that we may possibly collect, process, and use. Typically, we collect, process and use the following data:
your name and address;
your personal contact information (e-mail
your username and password;
your user profile data (e.g., workout schedule);
your IP address, operating system, browser type, browser version, browser configuration, name of Internet provider, and any other relevant information regarding your computer and Internet connection in order to identify the type of your device, to connect you to the website, to exchange data with your (mobile) terminal device, or to ensure proper use of the website;
the URL and IP address of the website from which you access our website or from which you are transferred to our website, including date and time;
any pages of our website on which you click during your visit, and any links on our website on which you click, including date and time;
the entire Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream regarding, through, and from the website, including date and time;
your service inquiries and your orders;
your transaction history, including open and completed transactions;
search terms you input;
information regarding your orders and payments;
information collected by cookies or similar technologies (as explained below);
your survey answers, critiques, evaluations, or other responses;
the content of all messages sent through the website, including information uploaded to social networks through the website or otherwise shared with us and/or other users, as well as chat messages and chat logs;
your newsletter subscriptions;
any consents you have given us;
any other information input or uploaded by you through the website e.g., information you provide when completing an online form, photos you upload); or
data we receive when you log in through social media (e.g., if you log in with Facebook).
7. Data storage
7.1. Where is the data stored?
We use cloud services. This means we will transfer your data to a third party – the cloud services provider – and store data on the servers of that provider. In some cases, your data may also be stored on servers outside the European Union (EU) or European Economic Area (EEA). In some cases, your data may also be processed there. We either ensure through appropriate contracts that such service providers guarantee the same level of data privacy to which you are also entitled in the European Union or we use only providers that are EU-US Privacy Shield certified (https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome). Either alternative ensures an appropriate level data privacy.
7.2. Duration of storage; retention periods
We will store your data for as long as is necessary to provide our website and the associated services or as long as we have a legitimate interest in further storage. In all other cases, we will erase your personal data with the exception of data that we are required to maintain in order to comply with contractual or legal (e.g. under tax or commercial law) retention periods (e.g. invoices). Contractual retention periods may also result from contracts with third parties (e.g. holders of copyrights and ancillary copyrights).
We will block any data that is subject to a retention period until the end of that period.
8. For what purposes are data used?
We will collect, process, and use your personal data and other data in particular for the following purposes:
to administrate, operate, maintain, and improve the website;
to allow and process orders for services placed by you through the website;
to customize your experience of our website (e.g., by tailoring content and offers to your personal preferences);
to assess your right to receive certain types of offers or services;
to support the improvement and customization of the Skill Yoga Services;
to analyze and research customer behavior;
to respond to your questions and inquiries;
to provide you with information about services that may be of interest to you;
to communicate with you about certain concerns;
to manage awards, surveys, winning games, lotteries, or other promotional activities or events;
to comply with our legal obligations to prevent any unlawful use of the website, to settle disputes, and to enforce our contracts;
for any other purposes to which you have consented in a particular case, or
otherwise as permitted by applicable law.
If required by law, we will ask for your consent before collecting, processing, or using your personal data for any of the aforementioned purposes.
We will also notify you if we want to use your personal data for a new or different purpose. We will use your personal data for such other purposes only if and to the extent necessary or permitted by applicable law or with your consent.
9. Registration of Skill Yoga user account
You may create an Skill Yoga user account through our login system. Following registration, you will be able to use your user account to subscribe to all Skill Yoga Services. To register, you must provide us with at least the following information:
name,
e-mail address, and
password
Before completing the registration process, you must confirm that you have read our Data Privacy Policy and accept our General Terms and Conditions.
You can also link your Skill Yoga user account to your Facebook profile. To do so, simply choose “Login with Facebook” during the registration process; you will then be transferred to Facebook. There, you will be shown to which Facebook data we will receive access. We will store your Facebook e-mail address. This is the e-mail address we will use to contact you, if necessary. We will also record the fact that you have registered through Facebook.
10. How to contact us
You can contact us by sending us messages at our e-mail address.
If you transmit personal data to us by e-mail, we will use such data only for the purpose for which you entrust us with such data when you contact us.
The same applies when you communicate with us by using a contact form.
11. Newsletter
You can register for our newsletter. That way, you will receive regular updates about the Skill Yoga Services. All you need to receive our newsletter is a valid e-mail address. If you are no longer interested in receiving the newsletter, you may unsubscribe at any time using the link that is included in each newsletter.
12. Cookies and tracking pixels
We use our own cookies and tracking pixels. As explained above, this will however allow no inferences as to your identity.
13. Data processing – third-party services and partners
To be able to offer you all functions and services in the most convenient way possible and to be able to continuously improve our product, we use third-party services and partners. We also use the assistance of third parties to improve our website. Finally, we use certain tools for our marketing. What tools we use and for what purposes is explained below:
13.1. Google
We use a number of different Google services (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Pkwy., Mountain View, CA 94043, U.S.A. – hereinafter “Google”) for analysis and marketing purposes. These tools collect and statistically analyze data about your use of our services in different ways. We also use your data to show you personalized ads with the help of Google services. By using our website or our Skill Yoga Services, you consent that we may use your data for these purposes. In what follows, we will explain the different services and the ways in which you can to conveniently revoke your consent, and we  provide you with additional important information. Additional information about how Google handles data transmitted by us is available here:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners
You can find additional information about how Google uses cookies in the data privacy policy of Google (https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/).
Information generated by Google tools is generally transferred to a server of Google in the United States and stored there. Google and its subsidiaries are EU-US Privacy-Shield certified.
13.1.1. Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis program of Google. Google Analytics uses cookies that are stored on your terminal device and allow an analysis of your use. We activate IP address anonymization so that IP addresses will first be truncated by Google within the European Union. On our behalf Google uses such information to analyze your use of our services as well as the use of our services by other users, and provides us with reports and other services. The IP address transmitted from your terminal device to Google Analytics will not be merged with any other data of Google. Google will transfer your data to third parties only if permitted by applicable law or in accordance with outsourced data processing agreements.
You can prevent the collection and processing of information generated by the Google cookie by placing an opt-out cookie or deactivating Google Analytics in the menu of your terminal device. In the alternative, you can also install a browser plug-in, which you will find here
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
13.1.2. Google AdWords
We use Google AdWords to advertise our offers. Following a search on Google, our ads will be shown in the areas designated for this purpose. Our website registers with the help of cookies how many users have found our services through our ads. We use such data to optimize our ads. A cookie is stored by Google when an ad is clicked. You can block the cookie by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. In that case, your visit to our website will not be included in anonymous user statistics. If you wish to receive no personalized ads, you can place an opt-out cookie:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
You can block cookies, for example, by installing an appropriate browser plug-in, which is available here:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=de
13.1.3. Google Dynamic Remarketing
In addition, we use Google Dynamic Remarketing functions on our website. This technology allows us to show automatically generated, target group-based ads following your visit to our website. The ads shown are based on products and services on which you clicked or which you viewed during your last visit to our website. Google uses cookies to generate interest-based ads. If you wish to receive no user-based ads from Google, you can deactivate ads by selecting the appropriate settings of Google.
If you wish to receive no personalized ads, you can place an opt out cookie:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
You can block personalized ads by installing the appropriate browser plug-in, which is available here:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=de
You can also block personalized ads from Google and other advertising networks by opting out on the following page:
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/
13.1.3. Firebase
Firebase is a Google subsidiary with its registered office in San Francisco, CA, U.S.A. We use Firebase SDK and Google Analytics for Firebase for our Skill Yoga application(s). This tool allows us to use the same Google Analytics functions for an application that can also be used for websites. Firebase uses technologies that work similar to cookies, in particular advertising IDs. This way, we collect information about how you use the Skill Yoga application(s). We use such data for statistical analysis purposes, to test our offers (e.g., A/B testing), and to improve our offers. In addition, we use such information for personalized advertising. By using our Services you consent to our collection of such data. In addition, we use Firebase Remote Config to make changes to our Skill Yoga application(s). How you can prevent such data from being collected on your Android device is explained, for example, here:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
On your iOS device you will find the appropriate setting under Settings > Data Privacy > Advertising.
13.2. Social plug-ins
We use the following social plug-in for our website: Facebook (operator: Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, U.S.A.)
This plug-in routinely collects data from you and transfer such data to servers of the provider. Once activated, the plug-in will also record your IP address. In addition, activated social plug-ins will place a cookie with a clear ID when the relevant website is accessed. This also allows providers to create profiles of your user behavior. Such a cookie is placed whether or not you are a member of the social network. If you are a member of a social network and are logged in when you visit our website, data and information about your visit to our website may be linked to your profile on the social network. Please note that we have no control over the exact extent to which your data will be collected by social network providers. For more information about the extent, type, and purpose of data processing and about rights and settings to protect your privacy, please refer to the data privacy policy of the relevant social network provider. These are available at the following addresses:
13.3. Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
13.3.1. Facebook Connect
We use the “Facebook Connect” function, so that you can register and log in with us using your Facebook account.
If you use Facebook Connect, Facebook profile data and public data from your Facebook profile will be transferred to us. Conversely, data may be transferred from us to your Facebook profile. Such data are used by us to register you on our website or to allow you to log in. For this purpose we also store and process such data.
By registering on our website with the help of Facebook Connect you consent that your profile data from your Facebook profile may be transferred to us and, conversely, that we may transfer data to Facebook.
Please also note that Facebook receives information through Facebook Connect about how you use our website.
For information about the purpose and extent of data processing, the further processing and use of data by Facebook, and your rights and setting options to protect your privacy, please refer to the data privacy policy of Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
13.3.2. Facebook Custom Audiences
We use the remarketing function “Custom Audiences” of Facebook Inc. (1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025). This function allows us to show visitors of our website interest-based ads when they visit Facebook (“Facebook ads”), and to analyze such Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes, which helps us optimize future advertising. For this purpose we use the so-called Facebook pixel  on our website.
Collected data are anonymous for us and allow no inferences as to your identity. Aside from us, Facebook however also stores and processes such data. Facebook may correlate such data to your user profile, and Facebook may also use such data for its own advertising purposes in accordance with the Facebook data privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Such data may allow Facebook and its partners to show ads on or off Facebook.
Facebook generally also stores such data on servers in the United States. Facebook is EU-US Privacy Shield certified.
You can generally block the placement of cookies on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser, so that cookies will no longer be placed on your computer in the future and/or so that cookies that have already been placed will be deleted. If you do so, you may no longer be able to correctly use some functions on our website.
With the help of an appropriate opt-out cookie from Digital Advertising Alliance you can also completely deactivate advertising by third-party providers such as Facebook:
https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
In the alternative, you can deactivate the remarketing function “Custom Audiences” in your Facebook settings:
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads#_=_
To do so, you must be registered with Facebook.
13.4. Apple
We use  Apple services for analysis and marketing purposes like the App Store Connect app. These tools collect and statistically analyze data about your use of our services in different ways. We also use your data to show you personalized ads with the help of Apple Search Ads. By using the Skill Yoga iOS App, you consent that we may use your data for these purposes.
13.4.1 Apple HealthKit
You can explicitly choose to share your training data from the iOS mobile App to the Apple HealthKit. This data is only used to provide health, motion or fitness services in connection with the App; HealthKit data will not be used for marketing, advertising or use-based data mining, including by third parties.
14. Transfer of data to third parties
Your personal data will be transferred to third parties only if we have a legal obligation to do so, if the data transfer is necessary for performance of the contract, or if you have consented to the transfer of your data. Third-party service providers and partner companies will receive your data only if and to the extent necessary for performance of the contract or with your consent. In such cases, the extent to which data are transferred will however be kept to the absolute minimum. To the extent that our service providers come into contact with your personal data, we will make sure that they too will comply with all applicable data protection laws. Please also read the data privacy policies of such third-party providers.
15. Data security
Data transfers are generally subject to security gaps. It is technically impossible to protect your data 100% from access by third parties. However, we strive to minimize this risk as much as possible. We therefore maintain state-of-the-art measures to guarantee data security and to protect your data from access by third parties. In addition, we use strong SSL or TLS encryption for all data transfers. However, please make sure not to provide your login data to any third parties.
16. Websites of third parties
We occasionally place links to websites of third parties. Although we carefully select such third parties, we make no guarantee and assume no liability for the correctness or completeness of content or data security of any third-party websites. Nor does this Data Privacy Policy apply to linked third-party websites. We assume no responsibility for data privacy policies or content of any other websites.
17. Changes to this Data Privacy Policy
We may need to make changes to this Data Privacy Policy, for example if we add new functions or services. We will however notify you of any changes and ask that you read and accept such changes before they are implemented by us.
18. Your rights: information/revocation/erasure and data controller
You may at any time and at no cost demand information about your personal data that are processed by us, correction of any errors in your personal data, termination of processing of your personal data, or erasure of your personal data – subject to mandatory legal provisions or obligations to the contrary. To exercise these rights, simply contact us at any time by letter or e-mail at:
Skill Yoga GmbH
Planufer 93A
Berlin 10967
Germany
Contact: https://skillyoga.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portals
Managing directors: Gerjet Efken, Benno Mielke, Timko Linssen
Recorded in the Commercial Register at the Local Court of Berlin Charlottenburg under number HRB 196904 B
VAT ID: DE319610005
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners/:
Datenschutzerklärung & Nutzungsbedingungen
Übersicht
Datenschutzerklärung
Nutzungsbedingungen
Technologien
Häufig gestellte Fragen
Google-Konto
Technologien
Werbung
Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
So verwendet Google Cookies
Wie Google Standortinformationen verwendet
Verwendung von Kreditkartennummern durch Google für Zahlungen
Funktionsweise von Google Voice
Leitfaden zum Datenschutz in Google-Produkten
So speichert Google die erhobenen Daten
Im Rahmen der
Privacy Sandbox-Initiative
von Chrome und Android werden für die Werbedienste von Google neue Möglichkeiten getestet, die Auslieferung und Analyse digitaler Werbung so zu unterstützen, dass die Privatsphäre der Nutzer im Web besser geschützt wird. Nutzer, die in Chrome oder Android die entsprechenden Privacy Sandbox-Einstellungen aktiviert haben, sehen möglicherweise relevante Anzeigen von Google-Werbediensten, die auf
Topics
- oder
Protected Audience
-Daten basieren, die in ihrem Browser oder auf ihrem Mobilgerät gespeichert sind. Mit den Werbediensten von Google wird die Anzeigenleistung möglicherweise auch anhand von
Attribution Reporting API-Daten
gemessen, die in ihrem Browser oder auf ihrem Mobilgerät gespeichert sind.
Weitere Informationen zur Privacy Sandbox
Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
Auf vielen Websites und in vielen Apps werden Google-Dienste eingesetzt, um die Inhalte zu verbessern und auf Dauer eine kostenlose Nutzung zu ermöglichen. Durch die Integration unserer Dienste werden über diese Websites und Apps Daten an Google übermittelt.
Wenn Sie eine Website besuchen, auf der Werbedienste wie AdSense oder Analysetools wie Google Analytics verwendet werden oder Videoinhalte von YouTube eingebettet sind, sendet Ihr Webbrowser automatisch bestimmte Informationen an Google. Hierzu gehören auch die URL der besuchten Seite und Ihre IP-Adresse. Wir können beispielsweise die IP-Adresse nutzen, um Ihren ungefähren Standort zu ermitteln, die Effektivität von Werbung zu messen und, abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen, die Relevanz der Werbung zu verbessern, die Ihnen angezeigt wird. Unter Umständen
setzen wir auch Cookies in Ihrem Browser
oder lesen die bereits vorhandenen Cookies. Auch durch Apps, in denen Werbedienste von Google zum Einsatz kommen, werden Daten an Google übermittelt, zum Beispiel der Name der App und eine eindeutige Kennung für Werbezwecke.
Die durch Websites und Apps übermittelten Informationen verwenden wir zur Bereitstellung, Betreuung und Verbesserung unserer bestehenden Dienste, zur Entwicklung neuer Dienste, zur Messung der Effektivität bestimmter Werbung, zum Schutz vor Betrug und Missbrauch sowie zur Personalisierung von Inhalten und Werbeanzeigen, die Sie sowohl bei Google als auch auf unseren Partnerwebsites und ‑apps sehen. In
unserer Datenschutzerklärung
erhalten Sie weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Daten zu jedem einzelnen dieser Zwecke verarbeiten, und auf unserer
Seite zum Thema Werbung
erfahren Sie mehr über Werbung bei Google, wie genau Ihre Daten im Zusammenhang mit Werbung verwendet werden und wie lange Google diese Daten speichert.
Unsere
Datenschutzerklärung
erläutert die rechtlichen Grundlagen, auf der Google Ihre Daten verarbeitet. Es kann beispielsweise sein, dass wir Ihre Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung verarbeiten oder um berechtigten Interessen nachzugehen wie der Bereitstellung, Wartung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste, um den Bedürfnissen unserer Nutzer gerecht zu werden.
In einigen Fällen bitten Websites oder Apps, die Daten mit uns teilen, um Ihre Einwilligung, bevor sie zulassen, dass Google Ihre Daten verarbeitet. Beispielsweise kann es sein, dass auf einer Website ein Banner erscheint, in dem Sie um Ihre Einwilligung in die Verarbeitung der auf der Website erhobenen Daten durch Google gebeten werden. In diesen Fällen respektieren wir die in der Einwilligung für die Website oder App beschriebenen Zwecke und stellen diese über die in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google beschriebenen rechtlichen Grundlagen. Wenn Sie Ihre Einwilligung ändern oder widerrufen möchten, sollten Sie dazu die entsprechende Website oder App besuchen.
Personalisierte Werbung
Wenn die personalisierte Werbung aktiviert ist, verwendet Google Ihre Daten dazu, Werbeanzeigen für Sie nützlicher zu gestalten. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel eine Website besuchen, über die Mountainbikes verkauft und auf der Werbedienste von Google eingesetzt werden, sehen Sie danach auf einer anderen Website, auf der Werbeanzeigen von Google eingeblendet sind, unter Umständen eine Werbung für Mountainbikes.
Ist die personalisierte Werbung deaktiviert, werden Ihre Daten weder zur Erstellung eines Werbeprofils erhoben noch verwendet und eingeblendete Werbeanzeigen von Google nicht personalisiert. Ihnen wird weiterhin Werbung angezeigt, die Werbeanzeigen sind jedoch unter Umständen nicht so nützlich für Sie. Welche Werbung Sie sehen, ist zwar nach wie vor vom Gegenstand der Website oder App, die Sie aufgerufen haben, von Ihren aktuellen Suchbegriffen oder von Ihrem Standort abhängig, nicht aber von Ihren Interessen, Ihrem Suchverlauf oder Ihrem Browserverlauf. Ihre Daten werden unter Umständen auch weiterhin zu einem anderen der oben angegebenen Zwecke genutzt – zum Beispiel, um die Effektivität bestimmter Werbung zu messen oder Sie vor Betrug und Missbrauch zu schützen.
Wenn Sie Websites besuchen oder Apps nutzen, bei denen Google-Dienste eingesetzt werden, werden Sie möglicherweise gefragt, ob Sie personalisierte Werbung von Google oder anderen Anbietern sehen möchten oder nicht. Unabhängig davon, wie Sie sich entscheiden, wird Google die Werbung, die Ihnen gezeigt wird, nicht personalisieren, wenn Sie in den Einstellungen für Werbung "Personalisierte Werbung" abgestellt haben oder Ihr Konto für personalisierte Werbung nicht in Frage kommt.
In den
Einstellungen für Werbung
können Sie jederzeit sehen und festlegen, welche Daten Google zum Einblenden von Werbung verwendet.
So legen Sie fest, welche Daten Google auf diesen Websites und in diesen Apps erhebt
Im Folgenden werden einige Möglichkeiten erläutert, wie Sie festlegen können, welche Daten durch Ihr Gerät übermittelt werden, wenn Sie Websites besuchen oder Apps nutzen, auf bzw. in denen Google-Dienste eingesetzt werden:
Über die
Einstellungen für Werbung
können Sie steuern, welche Werbeanzeigen Sie in Google-Diensten wie der Google-Suche oder YouTube bzw. auf Websites und in Apps sehen, die Werbedienste von Google einsetzen. Außerdem erfahren Sie,
wie Werbeanzeigen personalisiert werden, wie Sie personalisierte Werbung deaktivieren und bestimmte Werbetreibende blockieren können
.
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, können Sie abhängig von Ihren Kontoeinstellungen unter
Meine Aktivitäten
Daten überprüfen und kontrollieren, die durch die Nutzung von Google-Diensten anfallen. Hierzu zählen auch die Informationen, die wir von den von Ihnen aufgerufenen Websites und Apps erheben. Sie können sich die Inhalte nach Datum und Thema sortiert ansehen und Teile Ihrer Aktivitäten oder alle löschen.
Auf vielen Websites und in vielen Apps wird Google Analytics eingesetzt, um feststellen zu können, wie die Nutzer mit den Websites oder Apps interagieren. Falls Sie die Nutzung von Analytics in Ihrem Browser unterbinden möchten, können Sie das
Browser-Add-on zum Deaktivieren von Google Analytics installieren
.
Weitere Informationen zu Google Analytics und Datenschutz
Im
Inkognitomodus in Chrome
können Sie im Web surfen, ohne dass Websites und Dateien im Browser- oder Kontoverlauf erfasst werden – es sei denn, Sie melden sich an. Cookies werden gelöscht, nachdem Sie alle Inkognitofenster und -tabs geschlossen haben. Ihre Lesezeichen und Einstellungen werden gespeichert, bis Sie sie löschen.
Weitere Informationen zu Cookies
Selbst wenn Sie den Inkognitomodus von Chrome oder einen anderen Modus für privates Surfen verwenden, können Daten erhoben werden, sobald Sie Websites besuchen, die Google-Dienste nutzen. Außerdem kann Google Daten erheben, auch wenn Sie Websites mit diesen Browsern besuchen.
In Google Chrome ist es genauso wie in vielen anderen Browsern möglich, Cookies von Drittanbietern zu blockieren. Außerdem können Sie bereits bestehende Cookies aus dem Browser löschen.
Weitere Informationen zur Verwaltung von Cookies in Chrome
Google
Über Google
Datenschutz
Nutzungsbedingungen
Transparenz-Center
Eine Drop‑down-Liste, um die Sprache der Website zu ändern. Jede Option ist der Name einer Sprache. Es gibt insgesamt 65 Optionen.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies