PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
Last Modified: December 9, 2024
OVERVIEW
Welcome to PokerBROS ®(“PokerBROS,” “we,” “us” or “our”). PokerBROS provides an exciting mobile social gaming platform for poker lovers.

Our Privacy Policy describes the types of information that we may collect from you or that you may provide when using our mobile services, website, and any software provided on or in connection with PokerBROS services (collectively, the “Service”). 

The policy applies to information we collect: (1) on this website, (2) in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and us, (3) through mobile applications you download which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and our Service, (4) when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy, (5) when we request your contact details at in-person events to keep you informed of our Service. 

Our Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by: (1) us offline or through other means, including on any other website operated by us or any third party or (2) any third party, including through application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible through the Service.

Please review this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Service. By accessing or using our Service, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Service after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. The date of the last revision to the privacy policy will be at the top of the page (“Last Modified”). 

Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users”).
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 18
Our Service is not permitted for use by individuals under the age of majority in the jurisdiction where they live (18 years of age or older). It is not intended for children. No one under the age of 18 years old (or the age of majority in their jurisdiction of residence) may use our Service or provide personal information on our Service. We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 18 years old. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information to our Service. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from an individual under 18 years of age, we will delete that information. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child, please contact us at
compliancedepartment@pokerbros.net
.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the following types of information:
User Account Information collected when you register for your PokerBROS account, such as your date of birth, telephone number, email address, username, password, and certification that you are least 18 years old or older in jurisdictions where the minimum age to use the Service is over 18;
User Content, such as images, comments, and other materials that you post to the Service;
Location information when you are using the Service;
Information about your use of the Service and activities on the Service;
Records and copies of your correspondence if you contact us;
Information about the equipment or device that you use to access our Service, and usage details; and
Communications between you and PokerBROS, for example, we may send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related emails.
We collect User Account Information for user security verification and account recovery in the event of account access loss. This information will be saved in the App data after the end user actively enters it according to the prompts in the App, and the user will be prompted to use it according to the regulations when the user uses the relevant security verification and account retrieval functions.
We collect this information directly from you when you provide it to us. We also collect certain information automatically as you navigate through the Service. See below under Cookies and Similar Technologies.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
When you visit the Service, we may use automatic data collection technologies, including cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage. These tools help us to collect information about how you use PokerBROS and provide features to you. Through these tools we may collect details of your visit to the Service, including:
Approximate Location & Precise Location: We collect this information to identify operating areas and to detect any possible game cheating to protect players from unfair game. This information will be collected after the end user needs to indicate the operating area and use the anti-cheating function, once the player confirms, information will be saved in the App data.
Social Accounts Information: We collect this information and send it to the corresponding social platform for end users to share information on social channels and quickly log in into the App using social accounts. This information will be actively input by the player and recorded in the App data when the end user logs in or when there is a demand for interaction with the designated social platform in the App. This information will be transmitted to the third-party SDK provided by the designated social platform. (See below for Third-Party SDK.).
App Activity: We collect this information to ensure the legitimacy of end users during the use of the product. This information will be partially recorded when the end user uses the App, used for personal data statistics and user-specific product service optimization, and will be transmitted to the third-party SDK that implements such functions to obtain corresponding services. (See below for Third-Party SDK.)
Log File Information:
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access (i.e., visit) a web page or app. It can also be provided when the content of the webpage or app is downloaded to your browser or device.
When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information, including your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.
Device Identifiers:
When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers.” Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by PokerBROS.
We collect this information to identify the operating area where the end user is located, identify the unique identity of the end user, conduct necessary personal data analysis and feedback, and optimize product services for users. This information will be collected when the end user logs into the App and will be sent to the third-party SDK for data query. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled. (See below for Third-Party SDK.)
Do Not Track Signals and Targeted Advertising
We do not track your online activities (behavioral tracking) for purposes of targeted advertising. Our Service recognizes Do Not Track signals from your web browser. Click
here
to learn more about do not track features on your browser or device.
Third-Party SDK
We use third-party SDK providers to track push notifications, in-app activity, and installation.  The data the SDK service providers collect and process helps us to ensure optimal performance of the Service. For more information on our use of third-party SDKs and end-user information, please refer to the following list of our SDK service providers and detailed instructions from those third parties in the corresponding links:
Firebase Android Play Data Disclosure
Firebase iOS Play Data Disclosure
Facebook Privacy Policy
Branch Privacy Policy
Analytics Information
We use third-party analytics tools (
Firebase Analytics
) to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any individual User.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:
help you efficiently access your information after you sign in;
remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service;
provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service;
develop and test new products and features;
monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns;
diagnose or fix technology problems;
provide you with notices about your account;
automatically update the PokerBROS application on your device PokerBROS or other Users may run contests, special offers or other events or activities (“Events”) on the Service. If you do not want to participate in an Event, do not use the particular Metadata (i.e. hashtag or geotag) associated with that Event.
In addition, we may use your information in any other way we may describe when you provide the information or for any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about the Service and any new products or features that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please adjust your user preferences in your account profile. To do so, please follow the following steps:
Go to the main menu on the app (located at the top right corner of the home screen).
Click on "First To Know."
Click "Unsubscribe."
SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside PokerBROS (or the group of companies of which PokerBROS is a part) without your consent, except as noted in this Policy.
Parties with whom we may share your information:
We may share User Content and your information (including but not limited to, information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that PokerBROS is part of, or that become part of that group (“Affiliates”).
We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information would allow third-party ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. If you choose to opt out of this practice, please see above under Do Not Track Signals and Targeted Advertising.
Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service (including by providing analytics) and Affiliates’ own services (including by providing you with better and more relevant experiences).
We also may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you (“Service Providers”). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms.
We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.
Parties with whom you may choose to share your User Content:
Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings that you set. To change your privacy settings on the Service, please change your profile setting.
Subject to your profile and privacy settings, certain User Content that you make public is searchable by other Users and subject to use under our PokerBROS API. This includes Club ID and Club name. The use of the PokerBROS API is subject to the API Terms of Use which incorporates the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties using the PokerBROS API have copied or saved that information. The User Content you post publicly is transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that your User Content will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
What happens in the event of a change of control:
If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of PokerBROS or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such as username and email address, User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred.
Responding to legal requests and preventing harm:
We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
HOW WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which PokerBROS, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities.
PokerBROS, its Affiliates, or Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which PokerBROS, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure and take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. We also encrypt stored players’ data including passwords and contact details.
However, PokerBROS cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to PokerBROS or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and PokerBROS, at all times. You should not share your password or account information with others. If you do so, you do so at your own risk. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to PokerBROS make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
● By communications between you and PokerBROS, for example, we may send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related emails.
Update your account at any time by logging in and changing your profile settings. Here, you can review and change your personal information.
Unsubscribe from email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).
Residents of certain jurisdictions may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see below under Data Privacy Rights Where You Live.
HOW WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which PokerBROS, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities.
PokerBROS, its Affiliates, or Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which PokerBROS, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure and take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. We also encrypt stored players’ data including passwords and contact details.
However, PokerBROS cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to PokerBROS or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and PokerBROS, at all times. You should not share your password or account information with others. If you do so, you do so at your own risk. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to PokerBROS make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
By communications between you and PokerBROS, for example, we may send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). Note that you may not opt out of Service-related emails.
Update your account at any time by logging in and changing your profile settings. Here, you can review and change your personal information.
Unsubscribe from email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).
Residents of certain jurisdictions may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see below under Data Privacy Rights Where You Live.
DATA PRIVACY RIGHTS WHERE YOU LIVE
Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights relating to the collection and use of your personal information based upon local data protection laws. These rights include the right to:
Access the personal information that we hold about you;
Know how we process your personal information;
Correct any inaccuracies in the personal information that we hold;
Delete your personal information (Note that this right is subject to certain exceptions. For example, we may need to retain your personal information to complete a transaction or other action you have requested. We may have a legal or regulatory obligation or other valid reason to continue to process it. If your deletion request is subject to one of these exceptions, we may deny your deletion request.);
Restrict the processing of your personal information;
Transfer your personal information;
Obtain a copy of the personal information that you provided;
Object to the processing of your personal information;
Decline decision-making based solely on automated processing that has a legal impact; and
Withdraw your consent at any time, should we process your personal information based upon consent (Note: if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent  on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of your personal information, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to use some or all of our services);
File a complaint about our practices with respect to your personal information with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State. A list of supervisory authorities in the EU is available here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
. The U.K. supervisory authority may be contacted at
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise your rights, you may contact us at
compliancedepartment@pokerbros.net
. We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request. We will only use personal information provided in a request to verify you and complete your request. We will respond to valid requests within the time required by applicable law.
OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow them to access your User Content you do so at your own risk.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR USER CONTENT
Following termination or deactivation of your account, PokerBROS, its Affiliates, or its Service Providers may retain information (including your profile information) and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.
HOW TO CONTACT US ABOUT A DECEASED USER
In the event of the death of a PokerBROS User, please contact us. We will usually conduct our communication via email; should we require any other information, we will contact you at the email address you have provided in your request.
LEGAL TEXT
The English language version of this Privacy Policy shall be the prevailing version in the event of any discrepancy between any translated versions of this Privacy Policy.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please email us at
compliancedepartment@pokerbros.net
.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
PokerBROS may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of PokerBROS or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.