RisingWings
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 2021.12.9
1. Introduction
2. Information We Collect
3. Cookie and Related Technologies
4. How We Use Your Information
5. Sharing Your Information
6. International Data Transfers
7. Retaining and Deleting Personal
Information
8. Our Policy Concerning Children
9. Links and Third-Party Services
10. Security of Your Information
11. Your Privacy Rights
12. Amendments
13. Contact Us
1. Introduction
RisingWings
, Inc. and/or its
affiliates (
“
RisingWings
”
,
“
we
”
,
“
Company
”
or
“
us
”
) collect and process information about you (
“
you
”
,
“
user
”
, or
“
player
”
).
We provide mobile games (
“
Game(s)
”
), official sites (
“
Site(s)
”
) and services related to the Game (
i.e.
event, survey, or
customer service) (
“
Service(s)
”
) to players. This Privacy Policy (
“
Policy
”
) describes how we collect, use, and share personal information
about you during and after relationship with us in accordance with applicable
data protection laws.
It is important that you read this
Policy, together with any other notice we will provide on specific occasions
when we are collecting or processing personal information about you, so that
you are aware of how and why we are using such personal information and what
are your rights.
2. Information We Collect
We collect information about you and the
Services that you use. This information may be
required to enter into a contractual relationship with
you, or to perform a contractual obligation with you (such as to
provide the Service at your request), and failure to provide any information
may result in our inability to provide the requested services. The
information we collect falls into three different categories:
1) Information collected directly
from you
You may provide us with the
following information when playing our Game and/or using
our Services. The information you provide to us may differ depending
on the circumstances. We are collecting nicknames at the start of
the games, however, nicknames can be duplicated. For example,
these include:
- Purchase history,
device information, and records of the issues you experience, etc. (to
provide, support, and operate the games)
2) Information collected
automatically
We automatically collect certain
information when you are playing our Games
and/or use our Services. The type of information that we
automatically collect may vary, but generally includes:
- Device information (including but
not limited to, IP address, device ID, device model, network
type, OS version, time zone settings, battery status, screen
resolution, etc.),
- Device event information,
including crash reports and system activity details (
e.g.
whether you
encountered an error using our services or lost internet access,
etc.), and
- Your browsing behavior
while using our Site and/or Services.
3) Information collected from third-parties
When you access our Games and/or
Services using a third-party platform, we may
receive certain information from your profile/account on third-party
platform
’
s as permitted by the terms of the
third-party platform and your privacy settings thereon. For
example, if you are playing a Game  using your
Google/Apple/Facebook ID, we receive your account information from
Google/Apple/Facebook to identify
your Google/Apple/Facebook ID.
3. Cookie and Related Technologies
We use cookies, pixel and
other technologies to recognize your browser or device, learn more
about your interests, and provide you with essential features and services
and for additional purposes. Approved third parties may also set cookies and
related technologies when you use our site or games.
1) Cookies
Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer
(if your browser is enabled to accept cookies) to track movements
within websites and to customize your experience within
the website. Most Internet browsers will allow you to erase cookies
from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a
warning before a cookie is stored. You should refer to your browser
instructions or
“
Help
”
screen to learn more about how to manage cookies. Please note,
however, that if you block cookies, some portions of the Site may not function
properly.
We do not control cookies in third party ads, and you are
encouraged to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to
learn about their use of cookies and other technology. The ads appearing on the
Site may be delivered to you by third-party advertising companies. These
companies may use information about your visits to this and
other websites in order to provide advertisements on the Site
and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
2) Website Analysis
We use analysis services on this Site to allow us to record
information on the use of this Site and to constantly improve our
offering.
This Site uses Google®
Analytics, a web analysis services offered by Google Inc. (
“
Google
”
). We may
use the following advertising functions of Google® Analytics and
collect personal information as provided by Google, and you may
withdraw your consent by deactivating such functions in Google
’
s advertising settings: Remarketing by using Google® Analytics;
Google® Display Network Exposure Report; Google® Analytics Demographics
and Interests Report; and Integrated service allowing the collection
of data through Google® Analytics by using advertising cookies and anonymous
IDs.
More information about
Google
’
s own privacy policy can be
found at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
If you wish to opt-out from your
information or data being used by Google Analytics, you may download the Google
Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on available here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
3)
Facebook
Pixel
We use tracking tools including
the Facebook Pixel on this Site to better understand your preferences by
analyzing your behavior on our Site and offer you services more
in line with your interests.
This Site uses Facebook
Pixel. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have clicked on
a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of our Facebook
ads. The data provided to us is anonymized,
i.e.
we do not see
the information of individual users. However, this data is stored and
processed by Facebook. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook
account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in
accordance with Facebook
’
s Data Usage
Policy at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.
To opt-out of the collection and
use of information for ad targeting on Facebook, please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices
.
In the application you can opt-out of use of information for purposes of
showing ads that are targeted to your interests.
4) Anti-Cheat and Fraud
Prevention Technology
We strive to provide a safe and
fair gaming environment for all players. When you play the Game, we or
third parties may use cookies and similar technologies, or collect data
about your machine or device, for fraud
prevention, security and authentication purposes. We also may use
other anti-cheat technology with our services.
4. How We Use Your Information
We use the collected information
for a variety of purposes, primarily, to provide the Game and
the Service (collectively, the
“
Game Service
”
) to players like you
and to improve the quality of the Game Service. These include:
- Operating and providing the Game Service,
- Providing opportunities to
participate on the events, or surveys that relating to the
Game Service,
-
Providing customer service by collecting and responding
to inquires,
- Solving technical problems
and improving the quality of the Game Service (for example, to
provide realistic gaming environment to users),
- Identification of
individual players to provide the Game Service,
- Technical protection
against usage of unauthorized programs,
- Preventing inappropriate gameplay
that could harm other players,
- Prevent, detect, identify,
investigate, and respond to potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited
behavior, and criminal activity.
In the majority
of cases, our processing of your personal information is necessary to
respond to you or process your request. We may also process your information to
comply with a relevant legal obligation. From time to time, we may ask for your
consent to use your information for certain specific reasons. You may withdraw
your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing
based on consent before its withdrawal by contacting us at the address
provided in this Policy.
5. Sharing Your Information
We give permission to third
parties, including service providers which process personal information on
behalf of us to provide customer support and to manage our community. Examples
of these third parties include:
–
third party program restriction
providers to block cheating tools and unauthorized programs,
–
cloud computing service providers
to provide cloud storage services,
–
online survey service providers in
order to improve the Game,
- third party payment service
providers (including but not limited to App Store, Google Play) to assist
with payment for transactions or providing withdrawing service for
sellers,
- customer service providers
to answer users
’
inquiries.
We may also share your
information
where such disclosure is essential
to comply with a legal obligation or a lawful data access request, pursuant to
a merger or acquisition, with our affiliates for the purposes described in this
Policy, or where you have otherwise provided your consent or at your
direction.
6. International Data Transfers
We operate globally and transfer
your data to countries and other regions outside of where you are located. If
your personal information is transferred, stored or processed by us,
we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of personal
information. For certain countries we process the data in certain
regions (as set out in more detail below).
7. Retaining and Deleting Personal Information
In principle, we will remove your
personal information without delay after the purpose of collecting personal
information is achieved. Personal information stored in physical form will be
shredded or incinerated, and personal information stored electronically will be
removed using technical measures in a way that the information cannot be
reproduced. However, we may retain your personal information even after
you have closed your account with us or we have ceased providing Services to
you, if retention of your personal information is reasonably necessary to
comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve
disputes, prevent fraud, cheating or abuse, or enforce this Policy or any
other agreement we may have with a player.
8. Our Policy Concerning Children
We do not knowingly
collect, use or share any information
about children (generally considered to be under the age of 13 in the
U.S. or depending on the country where you reside) without verifiable parental
consent or as permitted by law. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe
your child has provided us with information, you can contact us and request
your child
’
s information to be deleted from our
system.
9. Links and Third-Party Services
If you click on a link to
a third-party website, including, without limitation, an advertisement,
you will leave this website and go to the site you selected. Because we cannot
control the activities of third parties, we do not have responsibility for any
use of your personal information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee
that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as we do. We
encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from
whom you request services. If you visit a third-party website that is
linked to the Site, you should consult that site
’
s privacy policy before providing any personal Information.
10. Security of Your Information
We have put in place appropriate
security measures, including encryption and de-identification, to prevent your
personal information from being accidentally leaked, used or accessed in an
unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access
to your personal information to those employees, agents, etc. who have a
business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our
instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in
place safety procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and
will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are
legally required to do so.
However, we will
not be responsible for any problems that may arise
of
despite those safety measures and procedures, such
as your negligence
or problems on the internet.
Please note that no
data transmission over the internet is 100% secure, and that complete
security of any information we collect and use therefore cannot be guaranteed.
11. Your Privacy Rights
Subject to limitations in
applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of
processing of your personal information, and to request access to,
rectification, erasure, and portability of your own personal information. To
make a request concerning your rights or if you have any other question, please
contact us by sending an email to the address specified in the
“
13. Contact Us
”
section. We respond to
all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data
protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
12. Amendments
We may amend, at our discretion,
any portion of this Policy at any time by posting or displaying the
amended this Policy on our Site. You will be deemed to have accepted
such amendments by continuing to use the Service, so please review it
frequently.
13. Contact Us
If you have any questions about
this Policy, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us by using one of the following communication channels.
·
Email: privacy@risingwings.com
·
Address: 7,
Yeongdong-daero
82-gil,
Gangnam-
gu
,
Seoul, Republic of Korea
This Privacy Policy has been translated into other languages for
your convenience. In case of any discrepancies between the English version and
the other versions, the English version shall prevail. However, Korean Privacy
Policy shall prevail for Korean players.
-------
<SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS
–
JURISDICTION SPECIFIC>
In the event of a conflict between of the supplemental Terms
–
Jurisdiction Specific that are relevant to your
jurisdiction from which you are playing our Games or using our
Services, and the rest of the Policy, the relevant jurisdiction
’
s Supplemental Terms
–
Jurisdiction Specific
will supersede and control.
[United States]
California
If you are a California resident,
you may have additional rights. For more information concerning your privacy
rights, please review our
Privacy Notice for California
Residents.
Nevada
If you are a
Nevada resident, we do not sell your personal information that we
collected, Nonetheless, if you are Nevada residents who purchased our game
items or goods from us, you may submit a request to record your
preference to opt out for the future.
[EEA, Switzerland and
UK]
If you are
an EEA, Switzerland and UK residents, you may have additional
rights.
Representative
The GDPR Requires a written designation
of a representative in the EU by the controller or processor not bases in the
EU. Contact information and address of
VeraSafe
in
the EU are as follows:
VeraSafe
Czech
Republic
s.r.o
Klimentská
46
Prague 1; 110 02; Czech Republic
International data transfers
If we transfer your data outside
of the EEA to a country that is not recognized by the European Commission as
ensuring an adequate level of data protection, we implement appropriate
measures to safeguard your personal data in accordance with applicable data
protection and privacy laws. These safeguards may include data transfer
agreements implementing standard contractual clauses (a form of data transfer
agreement pre-approved by the European Commission as providing adequate
safeguards for personal data). You may ask for a copy of such appropriate
measures by contacting us as set out in this Policy. We otherwise
transfers
personal data
with consent; to perform a contract with you; or to fulfill a compelling
legitimate interest in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and
freedoms.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://d1e1zkmrelw7ap.cloudfront.net/eula_page/PNCR_EN.html:
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: 2021.12.09
This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) for
California residents provided pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act
(“CCPA”) supplements the
Privacy Policy
of RisingWings, Inc. and/or its affiliates
(“RisingWings”, “we”, “Company” or “us”) and provides additional information on
how your personal information is collected, used, disclosed and
processed online or offline. Unless otherwise specified, all terms used within
this Notice shall carry the same meaning as they are defined in our
Privacy Policy
. This Notice and the
Privacy Policy
together constitutes RisingWings “California
Privacy Policy”.
1. Information We Collect
We will collect the following categories
of information that may directly or indirectly identify or describe you or your
device, or information that may be reasonably capable of being associated with
or reasonably linked to you or your device (“personal information”). We have
collected these same categories of personal information from consumers over the
past 12 months. Please refer to our
Privacy Policy
concerning the categories of sources from which this
personal information is collected.
- Identifiers such as IP address, platform
ID (included but not limited to Google/Apple/Facebook ID);
- Commercial information such as
purchase history;
- Internet or other similar network
activity information such as website, application or advertisement
browsing history, device model, OS version, device
storage, and information about the device that you are playing;
- Geolocation data such as country of
residence.
2. Purposes of Collection
The above personal information was or will be
used for the following purposes. We will also notify you and obtain your
consent if and when previously collected personal information is used for any
purpose other than those listed below.
- Operating and providing the Game
Service,
- Providing opportunities to participate on the
events, or surveys that relating to the Game Service,
- Providing customer service by collecting and
responding to inquires,
- Solving technical problems and improving the
quality of the Game Service (for example, to provide realistic gaming
environment to users),
- Identification of individual players to
provide the Game Service,
- Technical protection against usage of unauthorized
programs,
- Preventing inappropriate gameplay that could
harm other players,
- Prevent, detect, identify, investigate, and
respond to potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited behavior, and
criminal activity.
3. Personal Information
Disclosed to Third Parties
We may provide service providers
or third parties with certain personal information to provide or improve
our services. Within the past 12 months, we disclosed or shared each of
the following categories of personal information with the following
categories of third parties. We do not ‘sold’ personal
information to third parties as that term is defined by
the CCPA.
Categories
  of Personal Information
Categories of Third-Parties to whom Personal
  Information Was Disclosed
Identifiers
- customer service providers
- program restriction providers
- cloud computing service providers
- online survey service providers
- payment service providers
Commercial information
- customer service providers
- cloud computing service providers
- payment service providers
Internet or other similar network activity
- customer service providers
- program restriction providers
- cloud computing service providers
Geolocation data
- customer service providers
- program restriction providers
- cloud computing service providers
- payment service providers
4. California Privacy Rights
You may exercise the following rights at any
point in time in connection with your personal information. To exercise such
rights, please email us at privacy@risingwings.com.
Please note that at least your email address
will be required to submit a request. If you exercise your rights via email,
you must specify the right(s) you wish to exercise.
We will verify your identity and respond to your
request within 45 calendar days. If necessary, we can take up to an
additional 45 days to respond, for a maximum total of 90 days from the day the
request is received, provided that we notifies you to explain the
reason for the delay.
Your Right
s
Description
Right to Access
You have the right to request the following information up to two
  times within a 12-month period.
- The categories of personal information that we have collected from
  you over the past 12 months, and the specific pieces of personal information
  we have collected from you
- Categories of the sources from which personal information was
  collected
- Business or commercial purposes for which personal information is
  collected
- Categories of the personal information that was disclosed for a
  business purpose or sold during the past 12 months, and categories of third
  parties to whom the information was disclosed or sold.
Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that the personal information collected
  from you be deleted.
Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales
You have the right to “opt out” by requesting that your personal
  information not be sold in any form. However, we do not sell personal information.
Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising
  your privacy rights under the CCPA.
Rights for California Minors
Minors under the age of 18 have the right to request the deletion of and/or
  obtain information posted on websites such as forums or bulletin boards.
Shine the Light
You have the right to request the categories of the personal
  information that we disclosed to third parties in the last year for direct
  marketing purposes and information on the relevant third parties.
  Furthermore, you may also request that your personal information not be
  disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
5. Authorized Agent
You may designate another person or entity
(“authorized agent”) to act on your behalf in connection with your request for
rights that are guaranteed by the CCPA. An authorized agent is a natural person
or business entity registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business
in California that you have authorized to act of your behalf to make a request
to know or to delete.
In order to use an authorized agent for your
request, we require that you provide signed permission to your agent, using the
form available at [
LINK
].
Your authorized agent can submit a request to know or delete by sending an
email to privacy@risingwings.com attaching the signed
permission.
The above requirement does not apply should your
agent have power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465.
Please note that we may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof
that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf. Under the CCPA,
your agent is responsible for implementing and maintaining reasonable security
procedures and practices to protect your information and use your personal
information only for the purpose of fulfilling your request.
6. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Notice or
about exercising your rights described above, you can contact us by email
at privacy@risingwings.com.