Privacy policy
General
This privacy policy (hereinafter – the “Privacy Policy”) governs the manner in which the WhiteBIT platform (hereinafter – the “WhiteBIT”, “we”, “us”, “our”) collects, uses, processes, stores, and discloses information received from users of our website
https://whitebit.com
(“Website”) in order to provide you with services available through the Website (hereinafter – the “Services”).
This Privacy Policy has incorporated provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ePrivacy Directive, The Data Protection Act and is compliant with them and set in coherence with other valid generally binding legal regulations as we act in accordance with personal information processing rules within the European Economic Area (EEA).
We respect the privacy of all users of the Website and ensure that the Personal Data of the consumers are treated confidentially and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
This Privacy Policy applies to the Website, the Services, and products offered by WhiteBIT (whenever you use Services through the Website or mobile application or by corresponding with us - for example, by e-mail or by filling messaging form on the Website).
We assume that you have carefully read this document and accepted it.
By using the Website, our Services, and products offered by WhiteBIT, contacting us you express your consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy. By clicking the confirm-checkbox while creating the Account on the Platform you provide us with your explicit consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and all the data practices described in this Privacy Policy and in the User Agreement including the processing, storage, and usage of your Personal Data.
If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, then you should refrain from using our Website, mobile application, and/or Services or opening an Account. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of our User Agreement.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy and/or questions/requests regarding your Personal Data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@whitebit.com
.
What is GDPR, who is under compliance?
The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) is EU privacy and data protection law. It calls for more granular privacy guardrails in an organization’s systems, more nuanced data protection agreements, and more consumer-friendly and detailed disclosures about an organization’s privacy and data protection practices.
This Regulation applies to the processing of Personal Data wholly or partly by automated means, and to the processing other than by automated means of Personal Data which form part of a filing system or are intended to form part of a filing system. Generally, The GDPR requirements apply to all companies, institutions, and organizations that process Personal Data.
Processing Personal Data is a broad concept under the GDPR
The GDPR governs how the Personal Data of individuals may be processed by organizations. “Personal Data” and “processing” are frequently used terms in the legislation, and understanding their particular meanings under the GDPR illuminates the true reach of this law:
Personal Data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. This is a very broad concept because it includes any information that could be used on its own or in combination with other pieces of information to identify a person. Personal Data is not just a person’s name or e-mail address. It can also encompass information such as financial information or even, in some cases, an IP address. Moreover, certain categories of Personal Data are given a higher level of data protection because of their sensitive nature and are not processed. These categories of data are information about an individual’s racial and ethnic origin, political opinions, religious and philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, health data, information about a person’s sex life or sexual orientation, and criminal record information (including Personal Data about criminal offenses, or alleged offenses).
Processing Personal Data is the key activity that triggers obligations under the GDPR. Processing means any operation or set of operations that is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction. In practical terms, this means any process that stores or consults Personal Data is considered processing.
The GDPR can apply to organizations located outside the EU
The GDPR is relevant to any globally operating company, not just those located in the EU. Under the GDPR, organizations may be in scope if (i) the organization is established in the EU, or (ii) the organization is not established in the EU, but the data processing activities are with regard to EU individuals and relate to the offering of goods and services to them or the monitoring of their behavior.
Personal Data collection and usage
We will collect, store and use your Personal Data for the purposes set in this Privacy Policy.
We have identified the types of Personal Data we may use about you and how and why we will use them.
During the provision of services, we may also use software and other means, tools of third parties (independent service providers) (hereinafter - Service Providers), which also collect Personal Data of our Users.
The procedure for collecting, processing, storing and using Personal Data is determined by the Privacy Policy of the relevant Service Provider.
The privacy policies of the software products of the Service Providers are available for review at the following links:
Zendesk:
https://www.zendesk.co.uk/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-notice/
Sumsub:
https://sumsub.com/privacy-notice/
This list of Service Providers is non-exhaustive and may change and be supplemented. In any case, the User can review privacy policies of those Service Providers, with which WhiteBIT cooperates, on their official websites
What Personal Data we may collect
Personal Data that our customers provide us for the registration, include:
your contact details, including your name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number(s);
your identification details, including your date of birth, gender, residence address.
Know Your Customer (KYC) Personal Data from you, third parties and/or publicly available sources including:
passport or another government-issued identity document (as well as the number and expiry date of the identity document);
your photo;
documents establishing your source of funds;
results of KYC or Politically Exposed Person (PEP) checks, including information collected by our suppliers;
other Personal Data if provided during passing KYC/compliance/verification procedures (including additional), etc.
Personal Data you provide as part of your account with us, including:
your password;
your account and marketing preferences.
Personal Data relating to your use of our Services, including:
your orders, instructions to us;
your transactions using your account(s), including your account(s) in third-party bank(s), financial institution(s), payment card details, etc., the amount, originator or beneficiary, and time/date of the transfers you make and receive;
information about the digital device through which you access our Services, such as device type, operating system, screen resolution, unique device identifiers, the mobile network system;
IP address;
date and time of log-in and requests;
Personal Data in your correspondence with us, by e-mail, telephone, messaging, texts, on-line chats, via social media, or otherwise;
whether you've clicked on links in electronic communications from us, including the URL clickstream to our website;
Personal Data that you provide in response to our surveys.
Personal Data that we collect from third parties in order to be able to register you as a customer or to provide Services to you:
Personal Data related to payments to or from your accounts with us, provided by payment processing services, banks, card schemes and other financial services firms;
Personal Data from credit reference agencies or fraud prevention agencies.
Personal Data that we collect through your use of our website (whether or not you have registered for our Services) including:
device information such as operating system, unique device identifiers, the mobile network system;
hardware and browser settings;
date and time of visits;
the pages you visit, the length of the visit, your interactions with the page (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs), methods to browse away from our website, and search engine terms you use;
IP address.
Personal Data that we collect from individuals representing organizations such as our corporate customers and suppliers, including:
names, roles, and contact details of individuals working for organizations;
other Personal Data regarding such individuals;
any Personal Data contained in correspondence with those individuals.
How we may use your Personal Data
We collect and process all types of Personal Data to provide you with our Services, ensure that Services function properly, as well as to verify your identity and ensure the security of our Services, as follows:
We may use Personal Data that you give us to register with us to:
process your registration request;
on-board you as a customer;
provide our products and Services;
manage and administer our Services, including your account with us;
communicate with you about your account and our Services, including informing you of our products and Services;
send personalized offers of Services and products.
We may use Know Your Customer (KYC) Personal Data to:
carry out regulatory checks and meet our obligations to our regulators;
help us ensure that our customers are genuine and to prevent and detect fraud, money laundering and other crime (such as terrorist financing and offenses involving identity theft).
We may use Personal Data that you provide as part of your account with us to:
manage and administer your account with us;
communicate with you regarding your account and our Services.
We may use Personal Data relating to your use of our Services to:
manage and administer our Services and systems;
check if you are in a location or using a device consistent with our records in order to help prevent fraud;
develop and improve our Services based on analyzing this information, the behaviors of our users, and the technical capabilities of our users;
improve our Services to better suit the behaviors and technical capabilities of the users of our Service;
answer any issues or concerns;
monitor customer communications for quality and training purposes.
We may use Personal Data that we collect from third parties in order to be able to register you as a customer or to provide Services to you to:
manage and administer our Services and systems;
help us to prevent and detect fraud.
We may use Personal Data that we collect through your use of our website (whether or not you have registered for our Services) to:
develop new Services based on the information being collected, the behaviors of our users, and the technical capabilities of our users;
identify issues with the website, including website security, and user's experience of it;
monitor the way our website is used (including locations it is accessed from, devices it is accessed from, understanding peak usage times, and analyzing what functionality and information is most and least accessed), where our customers have come from online (such as from links on other websites or advertising banners), and the way in which our website is used by different users groups;
do statistical analysis and research with the purpose of better understanding the breakdown of our customers, their use of our Services, and what attracts our customers to our Services.
We may use the Personal Data that we collect from individuals representing organizations such as our corporate customers and suppliers to
:
provide Services and products;
build relationships and BtoB collaborations with other organizations;
provide marketing communications to these individuals;
improve our Services and develop new Services based on the preferences and behaviors of these individuals;
obtain Services for our business.
Rights of the Personal Data subject
You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below.
Right to be informed - you have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your Personal Data and the following information: who has collected Personal Data and processed, the purposes for processing your Personal Data, retention periods for Personal Data, who the Personal Data will be shared with etc.
Right to access - you have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not your Personal Data are being processed, the purposes of the processing, the categories of Personal Data collected, the recipients to whom the Personal Data have been or will be disclosed etc.
Right to rectification - you have the right to obtain from us the rectification of inaccurate Personal Data concerning you, as well as the right to have incomplete Personal Data completed.
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”) - you have a right to ask for the deletion of your Personal Data if the Personal Data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed or if there is no other legal ground for the processing.
Right to restriction of processing - you have a right to ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data, so that in each case the data may be processed only upon separate consent from you.
Right to data portability - you have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller where technically feasible.
Right to object - you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of your Personal Data if there are no legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Right to withdraw - you can withdraw your consent for your Personal Data processing at any time and ask us to stop access, storage, usage and other processing of your Personal Data if you believe that we do not have the proper rights to do so.
Right to non-discrimination - we will not discriminate against you (as provided in applicable law) for exercising any of your rights as a Personal Data subject.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@whitebit.com
.
Direct Marketing
Please note that if you have given explicit consent for marketing communications, this can be withdrawn at any time. You can also unsubscribe from our marketing communications.
Please be aware that from time to time we may need to contact you regarding operational issues or to adhere to the performance requirements of our agreement with you. These will not be marketing communications, and we will operate under legitimate interests in order to contact you for these reasons.
Legal requirements
We need to collect certain types of Personal Data for compliance with legal requirements relating to our anti-fraud and Anti-Money Laundering/Countering Financing of Terrorism/Know Your Customer obligations. If this Personal Data is not provided we cannot agree to provide a Service to you.
Your Personal Data may also be processed if it is necessary on reasonable request by a law enforcement or regulatory authority, body, or agency or in the defense of a legal claim. We will not delete Personal Data if relevant to an investigation or a dispute. It will continue to be stored until those issues are fully resolved.
Personal Data we do not process
We do not collect or store any information about children under 18. Minors and children should not use our Website and Services. By using our Website and Services, you represent that you have the legal capacity to enter into a binding agreement.
We do not process any sensitive personal information, such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation.
Security of Personal Data
We use a variety of physical, technical, and administrative security measures to ensure the confidentiality of your Personal Data, and to protect your Personal Data from loss, theft, unauthorised access, misuse, alteration or destruction as well as from other illegal actions of third parties.
We implemented such security measures as data encryption when in transit and storage, data storage diversification, strict physical access controls to buildings & files, anonymization technology, data and asset diversification, and strict physical access of a minimum number of individuals, using multisign access tools, and subject to confidentiality commitments.
We make sure that we regularly review our information security policies and measures and, where necessary, improve them.
Sharing your Personal Data
We do not sell, trade, or rent our Users’ Personal Data to any third parties. We may transfer certain Personal Data of Users (such as your contact and/or identification information) to third-party financial institutions in exceptional cases, when required by the rules and policies of such financial institutions, in order to identify Users and provide them with our Services.
Users acknowledge and consent that we can transfer their Personal Data to third parties that carry out KYC checks and fraud database checks. Such third parties have been assessed by us and guarantee compliance with the legislation on the processing of personal data and with this privacy policy.
Note that in order to provide you with certain financial Services related to Fiat money (such as Depositing and/or Withdrawing of Fiat money), we may share the "Know Your Customer" (KYC) Personal Data and other necessary data of Our Users to third-party financial institutions, as defined to the extent above, for the purpose of them providing financial or banking services, and you hereby give us an explicit consent for the transfer of such Know Your Customer (KYC) Personal and other necessary data to these third-parties.
By signing up for and participating in the WhiteBIT Affiliate Program, you confirm that you have familiarised and agreed with
WhiteBIT Affiliate Program Terms and Conditions
regarding utilising WhiteBIT services and processing, storage and use of your personal data and give your explicit consent for the processing of your Personal Data by WhiteBIT Affiliates, who will act as Data Processors in relation to your Personal Data, including but not limited to your username, registration date, trading volume etc.
It is important to note that WhiteBIT assumes no liability for any actions or omissions by the Affiliates concerning the handling, processing, or management of your personal or other data. All WhiteBIT Affiliates are responsible for their own compliance with applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Retention of Personal Data
We retain your Personal Data only for those periods necessary to fulfil the various purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
For the purposes of complying with our legal or regulatory obligations and the world industry standards for data storage, you give us consent and permission to keep records of such information throughout the term of your Account, as well as for 5 (five) years after the closure of your Account.
We store your Personal Data in in a depersonalized or aggregated form but not in a way that would identify you personally.
We may store your personal data for longer than is required by law, as long as it is in our legitimate business interests and is not prohibited by law.
Personal Data disclosure
We may disclose certain Personal Data to our business partners who provide us with services such as cloud services/servers, insurance, analytics, research, and other services or work with us to deliver our Services to users. We provide third parties with the minimum amount of Personal Data necessary only to provide the required service.
Personal Data will be provided by us only for the purpose of providing users with Services, as well as to improve these Services, related communications. Such information will not be provided to third parties for their marketing purposes.
We may disclose your Personal Data in accordance with the law, court order, in court proceedings and/or on the basis of public requests or requests from government authorities in or outside the territory of your country of residence. We may also disclose your Personal Data if we determine that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate for national security, law enforcement or other socially important reasons.
We may also disclose your Personal Data if we determine that the disclosure is necessary to enforce WhiteBIT User Agreement or to protect our activities and our users.
Personal Data transfers
We may transfer to, and store your Personal Data we collect in, countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected, including the countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom and Switzerland. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you provided the data. When we transfer your Personal Data to other countries, we will protect the Data as described in this Privacy Policy and comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of data to countries outside the EEA, the United Kingdom and Switzerland.
If you are located in the EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, we will only transfer your Personal Data if:
the country to which the Personal Data will be transferred has been granted a European Commission adequacy decision; or
we have put in place appropriate safeguards in respect of the transfer, for example, we have entered into EU standard contractual clauses and required additional safeguards with the recipient, or the recipient is a party to binding corporate rules approved by an EU, UK or Swiss supervisory authority.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy at our discretion and at any time. Any changes to this Policy will take effect from the moment this Policy is published on
https://whitebit.com/privacy-policy
. You shall regularly review the Privacy Policy and pay attention to its revisions. Your continued use of our Website and Services following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy. We always indicate the date the last changes were published.
Page navigation
General
What is GDPR, who is under compliance?
Processing Personal Data is a broad concept under the GDPR
The GDPR can apply to organizations located outside the EU
Personal Data collection and usage
What Personal Data we may collect
How we may use your Personal Data
Rights of the Personal Data subject
Direct Marketing
Legal requirements
Personal Data we do not process
Security of Personal Data
Sharing your Personal Data
Retention of Personal Data
Personal Data disclosure
Personal Data transfers
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.zendesk.co.uk/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-notice/:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API Licence Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Centre
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Addendum PowerForm
LGPD Addendum Powerform
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial and Beta Services Terms
Free Trials
Beta Services
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
20 February 2024
For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
.
For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click
here
.
Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data.
This Notice
only
applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data).
Zendesk is a
Processor
, not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does
not
apply to where Zendesk processes personal data as a processor in its products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilises your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
How We Process Personal Data
Sources of Personal Data
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
External Links
Contact Information
Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK
Supplemental Information for Other Regions
English Version Controls
Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
1. Introduction
This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in
Section 14
(“
Zendesk
”, “
us
”, “
we
”, or “
our”
). Capitalised terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our
Master Subscription Agreement
. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), please refer to
Section 11
of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data.
When Does This Notice Apply?
This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you:
Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “
Digital Properties
”);
Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programmes, marketing and promotional activities;
Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; and
Inquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us.
Changes
: We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner.
2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Disclosures of Personal Data
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g. advertising identifiers and IP address).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners
With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Professional advisers, such as lawyers, accountants and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g. if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g. for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to react positively to.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire or merge all or some of our assets
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities in accordance with our
Government Data Request Policy
. We may also de-identify, anonymise, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted.
3. How We Process Personal Data
We may process your personal data for the below purposes:
Purpose of Processing
Lawful Basis
To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you
, including processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues.
Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations
For our own business purposes
, including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
For legal, safety, or security reasons
, including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e. health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest
For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners
, including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customisation.
You may opt out of marketing communications
here
or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences
here
. Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see
Section 5
below and our
Cookie Notice
.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
To fulfil a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services
, including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring.
You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
, such as promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and representation within our business (where authorised by applicable law).
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Corporate transactions
, such as sales, mergers, acquisitions, reorganisations, bankruptcy, and other corporate events.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
When you have voluntarily agreed
to have your personal data processed.
Consent
Zendesk will honour data subject rights to the extent required by law. You may have the right to access, correct, update, and, in some cases, request deletion of your personal data (subject to exceptions). You may submit a request
here
.
Zendesk uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in processing data for certain purposes. These third-party providers help support certain site features, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may process or store personal data while providing their services. Zendesk maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under the EU-US. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-US. DPF, and the Swiss-US. DPF, including the onward transfer provisions, and Zendesk remains liable if they fail to meet those obligations and we are responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
4. Sources of Personal Data
Information you provide to us directly
, including when you register and communicate with us directly through our Digital Properties, visit our offices, or participate in our events, marketing, and outreach activities.
Information collected from your employer
, colleagues, or friends, including information about representatives or other employees of our current, past, and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and business partners. We may also receive your information from a friend as part of a referral for our Services.
Information automatically collected
, including technical information about your interactions with our Digital Properties (such as IP address, browsing preferences, and purchase history). More information is available in
Section 5
below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
Information from public sources
, including information from public records and information you share in public forums, such as social media.
Information from other third parties
, including information from third-party service and content providers, entities with whom we partner to sell or promote products and services, and social media networks (including widgets related to such networks, such as the “Facebook Like” button).
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third-party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified above.
5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies and offer you the option to manage these settings as described in our
Cookie Notice
. Some tracking technologies enable us to track your device activity over time and across devices and websites. While some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track or DNT preferences, we do not honour such signals from web browsers at this time.
6. Security and Retention
We maintain appropriate security procedures and technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
Your personal data will be generally retained as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected the personal data. Once you and/or your company have terminated the contractual relationship with us or otherwise ended your relationship with us, we may retain your personal data in our systems and records to ensure adequate fulfilment of surviving provisions in terminated contracts or for other legitimate business purposes, such as to evidence our business practices and contractual obligations, to provide you with information about our products and services, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need nor lawful legal ground to process your personal data, we will delete, anonymise, or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you want to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular circumstance, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect online personal data directly from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that the child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
8. External Links
When interacting with us, you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements. We do not control and are not responsible for privacy and data collection policies for such third-party sites and services. You should consult such third parties and their respective privacy notices for more information or if you have any questions about their practices.
9. Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Notice or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
, or at:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
989 Market Street
San Francisco, CA 94103, USA
In compliance with the EU-US. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-US. DPF, and the Swiss-US. DPF, we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-US. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-US. DPF, and the Swiss-US. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
10. Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), this Section 10 applies to certain personal data collected about California individuals where Zendesk controls how and why the personal data is processed (which the CCPA calls a “business”) and supplements the rest of our Notice above. This Section 10 does not apply to current or former employees, applicants, contractors, or agents.
a. Additional Data Processing Disclosures:
The below table provides the categories of personal data we have sold, shared, or disclosed to third parties, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. For reference, the table in
Section 2
provides the categories of personal data collected and our disclosures of personal data.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
California Privacy Rights Act Details: Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is “Sold or Shared”
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g. advertising identifiers and IP address).
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners.
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Not applicable
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g. if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g. for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Not applicable
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to positively react to.
Not applicable
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Not applicable
Although we have not "sold" or “shared” personal data for money in the past 12 months, we engage in routine practices with our Digital Properties involving third parties that could be considered a "sale" or “sharing” as defined under California law. We do not knowingly sell or share any personal data of minors under the age of 16 We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information”, as defined by California law, to infer characteristics about you. Zendesk only uses sensitive personal information consistent with the exceptions to the right to limit sensitive personal information.
Financial Incentives
: We may offer a benefit or offering in exchange for you providing personal data, such as a discount or coupon to individuals who respond to a survey. As part of these surveys we may collect personal data, such as your name, contact information, preferences, experiences, beliefs, opinions, and other responses to the survey questions. Participation in surveys is governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the survey, which will describe any financial incentives associated with that survey and how to participate. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated such value by using the expense related to the benefit. You may withdraw from any financial incentive at any time by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. If we offer another type of financial incentive, we will share with you the material terms of each offer when we ask you to participate.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Subject to legal limitations, certain California residents may have the below rights.
Right to Know.
You have the right to request information about the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal data, the purposes for collecting the personal data, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal data, and the purpose for which we disclosed your personal data (“
Categories Report
”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you (“
Specific Pieces Report
”).
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from you.
Right to Correct.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing.
We do not sell personal data to third parties in exchange for money. However, as we explain in
Section 5
, we share information with advertising partners and allow advertising partners to collect information from our Digital Properties. This exchange may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law, and you have the right to opt out of this “sale” or “sharing” of personal data.
California residents may request to exercise the Right to Know, the Right to Delete, and the Right to Correct by using our
webform
or by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
How to Fully Exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing:
In order to fully exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing with respect to any "sale" or “sharing” of information, you must undertake both of the following steps:
Submit a Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request using our
webform
; and
Disable the use of advertising cookies and other tracking technologies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footer. You must complete this step on each of our Sites from each browser and on each device that you use. These steps are necessary so that we can place a first-party cookie signalling that you have opted out on each browser and each device you use.
If you block cookies, we will be unable to comply with your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request for device data that we automatically collect and disclose to third parties online using cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies. If you clear the cookies in your browser, you will need to follow Step 2 above again. To the extent required by California law, we will honour “Do Not Sell or Share” opt-out preference signals sent in a format commonly-used and recognised by businesses at the browser level, such as an HTTP header field or JavaScript object.
Verification:
To process California data protection requests, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records or verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request. In most cases, we will request information about you, which may include your name, email address, or other information. If you submit a Right to Know “Specific Pieces Report”, we may also request a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. We may request alternative information under certain circumstances and/or use third parties to help verify your identity.
Authorised Agents:
Authorised agents may exercise California data protection rights on behalf of California individuals, but we reserve the right to verify the individual’s identity directly as described above. Authorised agents must contact us by submitting a request through our
webform
and indicate that they are submitting the request as an agent. We may require the agent to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf by providing signed permission from you. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorised agent permission to submit the request.
Timing:
We will process Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing requests within fifteen business days from the date we received the request. We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within forty-five days unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you, and it may take up to ninety days to respond to your request.
11. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK.
The following terms supplement the Notice with respect to our processing of EEA (i.e. European Union Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), Swiss, and UK personal data. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the other parts of the Notice and the terms of this Section 11, Section 11 shall govern and prevail with regard to the processing of EEA, Swiss, and UK. Personal Data, to the extent applicable.
Data Controller:
The Zendesk entity with which you have a primary relationship (such as the entity that concluded the Services contract with you; the entity that has provided you with marketing materials and promotional communications; or the primary entity in the region where you access our Site) is the controller within the scope of this Notice. In the majority of cases, this will be Zendesk, Inc., unless we specifically inform you otherwise.
a. Legal Basis for Processing:
Please see
Section 3
for the legal basis on which we rely for the collection, processing, and use of personal data.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Under applicable data protection laws, you may exercise certain rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access.
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us whether we are processing your personal data and related information, as well as the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
Right to Data Portability.
You may receive your personal data, that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and you may have the right to transmit it to other data controllers without hindrance. This right only exists if the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and to have incomplete data completed.
Right to Objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In compliance with the EU-US. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-US. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-US. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-US. DPF, and the Swiss-US. DPF.
Right to Refuse or Withdraw Consent.
In case we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you are free to refuse to give it. If you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time without any adverse consequences. The lawfulness of any processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected.
Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-making.
The types of automated decision-making referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) do not take place in connection with your personal data. Should this change, we will inform you about why and how any such decision was made, the significance of it, and the possible consequences of it. You will also have the right to human intervention, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided in
Section 9
above. Please note that we may refuse to act on requests to exercise data protection rights in certain cases, such as where providing access might infringe someone else’s privacy rights or impact our legal obligations.
c. International Transfers of Personal Data:
Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in
Section 2
of the Notice may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, which do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. Transfers within the Zendesk Group or to third parties located in such third countries take place using a valid data transfer mechanism, such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and/or the UK. Addendum to such clauses, approved Binding Corporate Rules, approved codes of conduct and certifications mechanisms, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued or approved by the EEA, Swiss, or UK authorities. More information on (including a copy of) our Binding Corporate Rules is available
here
, and evidence of our Binding Corporate Rules approval is available on the European Data Protection Board’s website
here
. Certain third countries have been officially recognised by the EEA, Swiss, and UK authorities as providing an adequate level of protection and no further safeguards are necessary. Please reach out to us using the contact information in
Section 9
above, if you wish to receive further information about how we transfer personal data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. comply with the EU-US. Data Privacy Framework (EU-US. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-US. DPF, and the Swiss-US. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-US. DPF) as set forth by the US. Department of Commerce. Zendesk, Inc.   FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the US. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-US. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-US. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-US. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-US. DPF. Zendesk, Inc.   FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the US. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-US. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-US. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-US. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-US. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-US. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  For complaints regarding EU-US. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) programme, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. compliance with the EU-US. Data Privacy Framework (EU-US. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-US. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-US. DPF).
Data Protection Officer:
The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows: Zendesk, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team and DPO, 989 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA,
euprivacy@zendesk.com
.
12. Supplemental Information for Other Regions
Australia:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of a complaint or do not agree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on
their website
. Alternatively, you may request that we pass on the details of your complaint to the OAIC directly.
Brazil:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
LGPD
”). Those individuals who use or access our Sites or Services expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of their personal data by us for the purposes described in this Notice.
Canada:
Personal data, as defined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“
PIPEDA
”) will be collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under PIPEDA.
Japan:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“
APPI
”).
Nevada:
We do not presently sell personal data as defined under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident, you may nevertheless email us using the information above to exercise your right to opt-out of sale under Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
New Zealand:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 and its 13 Information Privacy Principles (“
NZ IPPs
”).
Singapore:
Personal data collected, stored, used and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
United Kingdom:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Privacy Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments, etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, superseded or replaced (“
UK. GDPR
”).
13. English Version Controls
Non-English translations of this notice are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
14. Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd; Zendesk France SAS; Base sp. z o. o. (Base spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (USA); Goldcup 30290 AB (Sweden); Smooch Technologies US Inc. (USA); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L.U. (Spain); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l.; Tymeshift Inc; Tymeshift doo Novi Sad; Tymeshift Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Sub-policy 1
https://sumsub.com/privacy-notice/:
Cookie Break Time
We use cookies to enhance the functionality of our website and its subdomains, and to personalize content and ads,
always prioritizing your privacy and data security
. You have the control to enable or disable optional cookies as you wish. For a deeper dive into our cookie usage, do check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Manage cookies
Accept all cookies
Skip to content
On this page, you will find information about how your personal data is processed.
If you use our identity verification services, please read
Privacy Notice (service delivery)
.
If you would like to apply for our services, join our team, complete a demo, stop marketing emails or otherwise use our websites, please read
Privacy Notice (website and mob app)
.