Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
Privacy Policies
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
Privacy Policies
We realize that the privacy of your personal information is important. This policy describes what information can be collected when you use our mobile application, how that information is used, and how that information is maintained. We never sell, distribute or disclose personally identifiable information to third parties that are not applicable to the law.
The general information we collect is in most cases anonymous and used purely for statistical or analytical purposes. This information can not be linked to you as an individual unless otherwise indicated.
When you use our application, you are consenting to the practices described in this policy.
We also use third-party ads to support our application. These advertisers may use cookies when their ads are displayed in our application. The use of cookies means that some information about you is returned to the advertiser, which could include your IP address, your ISP and the browser you use to access our website. This information is usually used to geotarget or otherwise tailor the ads to you.
Google AdSense / AdMob
Google, as a third-party ad provider, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google uses the DoubleClick cookie in advertisements that are posted on its partners' websites, such as websites that display AdSense ads or participate in Google-certified ad networks. When users visit a partner's website and view or click on an ad, a cookie can be left in the end user's browser. The data collected from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers serve and better manage ads on their sites and on the Web.
Users may choose not to use the DART cookie by visiting the privacy policy of the Google content and ads network.
Google AdMob is one of the ad networks that Apps Lite Desarrolladores uses in their applications for mobile devices.
Google AdMob uses the same Google AdSense policy mentioned.
Record files
Like most websites, we collect and use data stored in log files. This includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), reference / exit pages, platform type, date / time stamp and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. they are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Analytic Google
Our Apps use Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors interact with their website. Google Analytics customers can see a variety of reports on how visitors interact with their website so they can improve it. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. Report website trends without identifying individual visitors.
Privacy policy
Declaration of copyright Apps Lite Desarrolladores copyright © 2015-2020. All rights reserved. The copyright of the content and design are strictly Apps Lite Desarrolladores and are protected by U.K. and E.U. Copyright laws. The materials contained within may not be modified or redistributed, in whole or in part, without the written permission of Apps Lite Desarrolladores.