About
About VSware
Testimonials
Contact us
Features
Benefits
VS-Mail
Payments
Office 365
SMS
Resources
Help Centre
Training
& Consultancy
Blog
Data Protection
VSware Status
Careers
Search
Book a Demo
Privacy and Data Protection
Our policy documents are available for download in PDF format. Click on the heading to download. If you have any questions or do not see a policy addressing your particular enquiry, please get in touch.
*NOTE FOR PARENTS:
If you are attempting to make an online payment and have opened this page in a new tab by accident, please navigate back to VSware by using the tabs along the top of your browser page.
Data Protection Policy
Our Data Protection Policy sets out procedures which are to be followed when dealing with personal data collected through this website, our sales and marketing activities and other communication infrastructure. Note that this does not apply to the processing of school-level data (such as staff, students and parents), as VS is a Data Processor in this regard, an area which is covered by our Data Safeguarding Policy. Schools, as the Data Controllers, should provide their own equivalent guidance and policies.
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement outlines your rights to privacy and our commitment to safeguarding your personal data. VSware’s ambition is to be fully transparent in our privacy practices and the choices you can make regarding your personal data that is processed by VSware.
Data Safeguarding Policy
This document sets out our policy with regard to Data Safeguarding, which is in addition to the Data Protection Policy. The Company views the correct and lawful handling of personal and sensitive data as key to its success and dealings with schools. The Company shall ensure that it handles all data correctly and lawfully, within a safe and secure environment.
Website Terms & Conditions
Our Website Terms & Conditions cover the use of this website (our products and services carry separate terms) and any data collected through enquiries, in addition to the use of cookies to provide compliance with the EU Cookie Law.
Online Payments Terms & Conditions
Our Online Payments Terms & Conditions policy document sets out procedures which are to be followed when making payments online with VSware.  Note if your school utilises it’s own Merchant bank account, please refer to your school’s online payments terms & conditions policies which will be available on their website.
VSware API Terms & Conditions
VSware API Terms & Conditions policy document sets out procedures which are to be followed.
Cookie policy
VSware's cookie policy document outlines our approach to cookies, ensuring transparency and compliance with data regulations.
Data Breach Form
If you become aware of a data breach, please call support on 01-5549628 as soon as you can. The support line is available from 8:30am to 6pm, Monday to Friday.
If you notice a data breach outside of these hours, please use this contact form. Out of hours or weekend messages will monitored and responded to.
‍
*NOTE FOR PARENTS: This form is for reporting data breaches only. If you are a parent with a general query regarding VSware, please contact your school directly.
If you are attempting to make an online payment and have opened this page in a new tab by accident, please navigate back to VSware by using the tabs along the top of your browser page.
Name
Email Address
Phone Number
School Name
School Roll Number
Does it affect one or multiple users?
Which users are affected?
What data is affected?
When did the incident occur?
When did you become aware an incident had occurred?
Have you taken action to minimise the impact?
YES, I agree to the processing of my personal data and I am aware that my consent may be withdrawn at any time.
Checkbox
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Website Disclaimer
School Thing Ltd (trading as VSware) makes no warranty or representation that this website will meet your requirements, that it will be of satisfactory quality, that it will be fit for a particular purpose, that it will not infringe the rights of third parties, that it will be compatible with all computer systems, that it will be secure and that all information provided will be accurate. School Thing Ltd makes no guarantee of any specific results from the use of this website.No part of this website is intended to constitute advice and the content of this website should not be relied upon when making any decisions or taking any action of any kind.
Email Disclaimer
This email and any attachments are sent in confidence and are not intended to be read by any person other than an intended recipient. The recipient is responsible for conducting the appropriate virus checks and whilst appropriate security measures are in place, we give no warranty, express or implied, that this email is free of viruses or that its transmission has been secure.If you receive this in error please contact us on +35315549628. Any use, copying or dissemination of this email or any information contained in it to anyone other than an intended recipient is prohibited.Internet communications are not secure and we accept no liability for any abuse of such communications by third parties nor for any alteration or corruption during transmission nor for any damage or loss caused by any virus or other defect.Any and all communications sent to us may be monitored and/or stored by us to ensure compliance with relevant legislation, rules and policies. All communications are handled in full compliance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Policy
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Analytical Cookies
These cookies allow us to analyze traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners. They may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on this, or other sites. They will also allow us to present content that we believe is more relevant to you. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising and personalised content.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to operate. They are usually set only in response to actions you take, such as setting your privacy preferences, landing on our page, logging in or filling in forms. They also help us determine how to allocate resources to operate the site and defend our sites against malicious activities. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will then not work. These cookies do not store personal data.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/6008666b7ea04dbcd83c5fdd/66475e21fb4711cba8555a6a_VSware%20Privacy%20Statement.pdf:
