Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
5
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent [x4]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
OptinMonster
1
Learn more about this provider
omScrollHeight
Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website.
Pinterest
2
Learn more about this provider
ar_debug
Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present.
is_eu
Determines whether the user is located within the EU and therefore is subject to EU's data privacy regulations.
StartupJobs
2
Learn more about this provider
iconify-count
Used by the website's content management system (CMS) to determine how the website's menu-tabs should be displayed.
iconify-version
Used by the website's content management system (CMS) to determine how the website's menu-tabs should be displayed.
gofitify.com
join.gofitify.com
join.plus.gofitify.com
plus.gofitify.com
12
firebase_remote_config#app_namespace_store [x4]
Used in connection with the synchronisation between the website and third-party Data Management Platform. The cookie serves to monitor this process for security reasons.
firebase-heartbeat-database#firebase-heartbeat-store [x4]
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
firebase-installations-database#firebase-installations-store [x4]
Control cookie used in connection to the website’s Content Delivery Network (CDN).
join.gofitify.com
1
randomizationId
Pending
join.gofitify.com
join.plus.gofitify.com
2
@fitify/plan [x2]
Pending
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
lidc
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
join.gofitify.com
join.plus.gofitify.com
2
firebaseLocalStorageDb#firebaseLocalStorage [x2]
Facilitates the notification function within the chatbox, allowing the website’s support team to notify the user, when a reply has been given in the chatbox.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
OptinMonster
5
Learn more about this provider
omSessionPageviews
This cookie is used to identify the frequency of visits and how long the visitor is on the website. The cookie is also used to determine how many and which subpages the visitor visits on a website – this information can be used by the website to optimize the domain and its subpages.
omSessionStart
Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website.
omVisitsFirst
This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice.
_omappvp
This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website.
_omappvs
This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website.
Smartlook
1
Learn more about this provider
SL_C_23361dd035530_DOMAIN
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
TikTok
1
Learn more about this provider
_tt_enable_cookie
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
VWO
2
Learn more about this provider
eu01/s.gif
Pending
eu01/v.gif
This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site.
gofitify.com
9
_vis_opt_s
Used by Visual Website Optimizer to determine if the visitor is participating in a design experiment.
_vis_opt_test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
_vwo_ds
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content.
_vwo_referrer
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
_vwo_sn
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_vwo_uuid
Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment.
_vwo_uuid_v2
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
FPID
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
FPLC
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
gofitify.com
join.gofitify.com
join.plus.gofitify.com
plus.gofitify.com
8
@firebase/performance/config [x4]
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
@firebase/performance/configexpire [x4]
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
join.gofitify.com
visualwebsiteoptimizer.com
2
vwoSn [x2]
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
visualwebsiteoptimizer.com
join.gofitify.com
2
_vwo_742795_config [x2]
Pending
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
5
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp [x3]
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Google
12
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
IDE
Pending
_ga [x3]
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_# [x3]
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gcl_au [x3]
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
pagead/1p-conversion/#/
Pending
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
Pinterest
3
Learn more about this provider
_pin_unauth [x2]
Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services.
v3/
Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services.
Seznam.cz
3
Learn more about this provider
panoramaId
Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites.
panoramaId_expiry
Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites.
panoramaIdType
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
Smartlook
2
Learn more about this provider
SL_C_23361dd035530_SID
Collects statistical data related to the user's website visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded. The purpose is to segment the website's users according to factors such as demographics and geographical location, in order to enable media and marketing agencies to structure and understand their target groups to enable customised online advertising.
SL_L_23361dd035530_SID
Collects statistical data related to the user's website visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded. The purpose is to segment the website's users according to factors such as demographics and geographical location, in order to enable media and marketing agencies to structure and understand their target groups to enable customised online advertising.
TikTok
5
Learn more about this provider
tt_appInfo
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
tt_pixel_session_index
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
tt_sessionId
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
_ttp [x2]
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Unclassified
7
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
StartupJobs
6
Learn more about this provider
sjsession [x2]
Pending
visitor_allowed [x2]
Pending
nuxt-color-mode
Pending
viewport
Pending
plus.gofitify.com
1
smartlook_internal_db#assets
Pending
Cross-domain consent
4
Your consent applies to the following domains:
List of domains your consent applies to:
gofitify.com
join.gofitify.com
join.plus.gofitify.com
plus.gofitify.com
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/10/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Buy as a Gift
Join Now
Privacy Policy
Fitify Workouts s.r.o. (“Fitify”,"us", "we", or "our") operates the https://gofitify.com website, https://fitifyworkouts.com, and iOS and Android Apps (collectively the "Service").
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website or app?
When registering into our app/site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your Name, email, mailing address or Facebook or Google account, Age, Height, Weight, Fitness Goal, Level of Fitness, Gender, etc. or other details to help us improve your workout experience.
How do we use your information?
We need to collect data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Fitify Workouts s.r.o. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Fitify Workouts s.r.o. may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
We retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this document. We retain and use your Personal Data to the extent needed to comply with legal obligations (e.g. if we need to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Fitify will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter time duration, except the case, when this data is used to strengthen the security or in order to improve the functionality of the Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Data Transfer
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to (or maintained on) computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. Your consent to this Privacy Policy represents your agreement to that transfer. Fitify will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls and security of your data.
Data Disclosure
If Fitify is involved in a merge, acquisition or sale, your Data may be transferred. We would provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred.
Under certain circumstances, Fitify may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Fitify may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
comply with a legal obligation
protect and defend the rights or property
prevent or investigate possible misconduct in connection with the Service
protect personal safety of users of the Service or the public
protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
We are committed to protecting our user’s personal data. We implement appropriate measures to help protect the security of your personal data; however, please note that no system is ever completely secure. We have implemented various policies including pseudonymisation, encryption, access, and retention policies to guard against unauthorised access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems.
Your Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have certain data protection rights. Fitify allows you to correct, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you want to delete your Personal Data from our systems, would like to know what information we have, or need to edit some data, please contact us via email: support@gofitify.com
In certain circumstances, your rights are:
Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request the deletion of your Personal Data via email (support@gofitify.com)
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Fitify relied on your consent to process your personal information.
You have the right to complain if you believe we are incorrectly handling your data.
We may need to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may use 3rd party companies and individuals to improve our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analysing how our Service is used. These 3rd parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Google Analytics, Firebase Analytics, Smartlook, Facebook Analytics and Attribution Partners
These services are analytics services that track and report website and app traffic. These services use the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other services within their company. They may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on All others will honour "Do Not Track" headers from browsers such as Firefox, and Brave.
For more information on the privacy practices of these companies, please visit the links below:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/
https://help.smartlook.com/docs/privacy-statement-full
Cookies
We have a legitimate interest in improving our Service. Cookies are small files generated automatically by your browser and stored on your device when using the Service. Cookies do not contain any malware. Cookies contain information downloaded by the specific device, but direct knowledge of your identity is not received. One purpose of cookies is to make it more convenient for you to use our Service. When you use our Service again at a later time, the cookie automatically recognizes your previous visit to the website, also you don’t have to type same input over and over.
We also use temporary cookies, which stay on your device for a shorter time duration. These cookies are automatically deleted when you log off. One other reason to use cookies is to get statistics on the use of our Service and to evaluate them so we can optimize your experience and display information customized for you. Cookies are automatically removed after a predefined period. Most browsers accept cookies automatically.
You can disable cookies on your browser or choose to be notified when a new cookie is created. Please note that disabling cookies may mean that not all functionalities of the Service will remain available.
Third-Party Vendors
Fitify relies on several standard services and infrastructure in order to operate. We have ensured that they are all GDPR compliant themselves.
We rely on services such as: Cloud services, Transactional email providers, Mobile ad attribution partners, Ad platforms and so on. In order to provide our service.
The main vendors we use are:
Mailchimp
Service: Email
Location: USA
Privacy Policy
Twillio
Service: Email Marketing
Location: USA
Privacy Policy
Appsflyer
Service: Analytics
Location: USA
Privacy Policy
Smartlook
Service: Analytics
Location: Czechia
Privacy Policy
Google Cloud Services
Service: Cloud Service Provider
Location: USA, Ireland
Privacy Policy
Google Analytics, Firebase Analytics & Login
Service: Analytics
Location: USA
Privacy Policy
Facebook Login, Pixel, Analytics, Lookalikes
Service: Analytics, Authentication, Advertising
Location: USA
Privacy Policy
Facebook Advertising
We use Facebook’s pixel and SDK to measure conversions. This service is provided by Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. However, according to Facebook, the data collected is also transferred to the USA and other third countries.
This allows the service visitors to be tracked after they have been redirected to the service by clicking on a Facebook ad. This allows the effectiveness of Facebook Ads to be evaluated for statistical purposes and for future advertising measures to be optimized.
The collected data is anonymous for Fitify. We can't see the identity of the users. The data is stored and processed by Facebook, so Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes, according to the Facebook Data Usage Policy. This allows Facebook to allow ads to be served on pages within Facebook and outside of Facebook. This use of data can't be influenced by Fitify.
You will find further information on the protection of your privacy in the Facebook privacy website:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
You can disable the Custom Audiences remarketing feature in the Advertising Settings:
https://accountscenter.facebook.com/ad_preferences/ad_settings
Apple Health Kit
Service: Sharing fitness activities (in case of your request)
Location: USA
We only use HealthKit to provide health, motion, or fitness services in connection with the App; HealthKit data will not be used for marketing, advertising or use-based data mining, including third parties. If you allow the iOS app to write data to Apple Health, Fitify will share Personal Information to the Apple Health application.
Privacy Policy
Google Fit
Service: Sharing fitness activities (in case of your request)
Location: USA
We only use Google Fit data for fitness services in connection with the App. Google Fit data will not be used for marketing, advertising or use-based data mining, including third parties.
Privacy Policy
Body Scanning Technology
If you use our body composition scan feature, we collect videos, images, and data (e.g., height, weight) and share them with Prism Labs Inc. (“Prism“) to create 3D body scans and calculate metrics like body composition. Prism provides us with the scan and insights to display in our app. These data may also be used to improve our services, such as training the AI models.
Some data in these scans may qualify as “biometric identifiers“ under certain laws, although they are not used for reidentification. Prism’s handling of your data is governed by its own privacy policy, separate from this one.
Data Breach
When a data breach occurs, we will notify you via email within 72 hours.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
Payments
We provide paid products and services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing. We do not collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors. These payment processors comply to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The processors we work with are:
App Store In-App Purchases
Privacy Policy:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Billing
Privacy Policy:
https://play.google.com/intl/en-US_us/about/play-terms.html
FastSpring
Privacy Policy:
https://fastspring.com/privacy/
Links To Other Sites
Service may contain links to sites that are not influenced by us. If you click on a third party link, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of the site you are visiting.
Children Online Privacy Protection
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 16 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 16 years old. And use of our app is not supported by our user interface.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word “Privacy” and can easily be found on the page specified above.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes via email or within our Service.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by following the instructions at the bottom of each email.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Fitify Workouts s.r.o.
GoFitify.com
support@gofitify.com
Na Perštýně 342/1
110 00 Prague, Czechia
Last Edited on 2024-09-09
Stay connected.
Be the first to get our exclusive news and offers.
Sign Up
Contact Us
For Business
Careers
Press
Gift
Instagram
Facebook
X
Spotify
© 2025 Fitify Workouts s.r.o.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .
NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Data storage and processing locations
Security information
Data encryption
Security practices
Firebase Service Data
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Info
Chat
Sub-policy 2
https://help.smartlook.com/docs/privacy-statement-full:
🚀  Getting started
Getting started with Smartlook
Implementing your tracking code
Implementing using Google Tag Manager
Smartlook basics
Account management
Account settings
Organization settings
Project settings
User management
Roles and permissions
Reporting, exporting
FAQ
🛠 SDKs
🖥  Web SDK
📱 Mobile SDK
Smartlook app menu
Dashboards
Sessions
Smartlook player
Vault sessions
Heatmaps
Working with heatmaps
Analyzing user behavior with heatmaps
Events
Creating events
Element picker and CSS selector
Events breakdowns
Retention tables
Custom events
Tracking custom events with Google Tag Manager
Funnels
Building funnels
Revenue insights
Funnel breakdowns
Behavior flows
Advanced usage
Cross-platform projects
Smartlook DevTools
Element masking
Creating masking rules
Single sign-on (SSO)
Identify visitors
Relay proxy
REST API
Intergrating with other services
Troubleshooting
Session playback troubleshooting
CSS in session is not correct
Diagnostics
Rage clicks
Anomalies detection
Error detection
legal and security
Privacy at Smartlook
Privacy first
Cookies and Smartlook
Recording sensitive data
Disabling session recording
Opt-out of Smartlook
Legal
Terms of service
Data security
Privacy policy
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement Summary
Content Security Policy (CSP) & Smartlook
Smartlook and the CCPA/CPRA
Report a security issue
Reporting Illegal Content
Licensing
Smartlook SDK Licensing
Powered by
Click here to view the Privacy Statement Summary
Cisco Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively "Cisco") are committed to protecting your   privacy and providing you with a positive experience on our websites and while using our products and services ("Solutions").
This Privacy Statement applies to Cisco websites and Solutions that link to or reference this Privacy Statement and describes how we handle Personal Data and the choices available to you regarding collection, use, access, and how to update and correct your Personal Data. Additional information on our Personal Data practices with respect to Cisco Solutions may be provided in Solution specific
privacy data sheets and maps
, offer descriptions, or other notices provided prior to or at the time of data collection. Certain Cisco websites and Solutions may have their own privacy documentation describing how we handle Personal Data for those websites or Solutions specifically. To the extent a specific notice for a website or Solution differs from this Privacy Statement, the specific notice will take precedent. If there is a difference in translated, non-English versions of this Privacy Statement, the U.S.-English version will take precedence.
"Personal Data" is any information that can reasonably be used to identify an individual, or otherwise make an individual identifiable, and may include name, address, email address, phone number, login information (such as account number and password), social media account information, or payment card number.
The types of Personal Data we may process depend on the business context and the purposes for which it was collected. It may include:
Contact, subscription, and account/registration details, as well as online identifiers
Login credentials where we require an account be made
Communications content (such as audio, video, text), social media and discussion forum, or other communications details when you interact with Cisco
Financial Information (such as bank account details or credit card information)
Details of an individual's business and other interests and opinions (such as information held in a customer relationship management database)
Information about the user and usage of our websites and Solutions, including System Information such as device identifiers and telemetry (such as IP or MAC address) when such data is linked or tied to a specific individual's device
If we link other data with your Personal Data, we will treat that linked data as Personal Data.
We may collect data, including Personal Data, about you as you use our websites and Solutions and interact with us. We also acquire Personal Data from trusted third-party sources and engage third parties to collect Personal Data on our behalf, in accordance with applicable laws.
We may use your Personal Data for the purposes of operating and helping to ensure the security of our business; delivering, improving, and customizing our websites and Solutions; sending notices, marketing, and other communications; and for other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law.
We collect Personal Data for a variety of business reasons, such as:
Customer relationship management and administration
Order processing, including billing and payment
Asset recovery and product returns and replacements
Creating and managing user accounts
Provisioning websites and Solutions and enabling the use of certain features
Analyzing, personalizing, improving accuracy, and enhancing user experience, communications, and interactions
Sending communications to you, including for marketing or customer satisfaction purposes, either directly from Cisco or from our partners
Managing communications preferences. You can modify your communication preferences at any time. See
Your choices and selecting your communication preferences
below
Contract performance, Solution delivery, and customer service
Managing job applications
Administering online education, testing, and certifications
Facilitating conferences, webinars, and other events
Protecting Cisco, our users, websites and Solutions, and others
If you choose to provide Cisco with a third party's Personal Data (such as name, email, and phone number), you represent that you have the third party's permission to do so. Examples include forwarding reference or marketing material to a friend or sending job referrals. Third parties may unsubscribe from any future communication following the link provided in the initial message or by submitting a
Privacy Request
.
In some instances, Cisco and the third parties we engage may automatically collect data through cookies, web logs, web beacons, and other similar applications. Please read the
Use of cookies and similar technologies
section below for more information.
We need your help to keep your Personal Data accurate and up to date. We provide options to access, correct, suppress, or delete your Personal Data:
You can view or edit your Cisco.com Personal Data and preferences online by using the
Cisco Profile Management Tool
.
When Cisco is acting as a "data controller," you can exercise your rights of access and request corrections, suppression, objection, and deletion  under applicable data protection laws directly with Cisco as described in the specific website and Solution documentation or by submitting a request through the
Privacy Request form
.
When Cisco is acting as a "data processor," and you wish to exercise your rights of access and request corrections, suppression, or deletion, Cisco will direct you to the data controller under the applicable data protection laws.
If you need additional assistance, or help with accessing, correcting, suppressing, or deleting your Personal Data, please feel free to
contact us
directly. We will respond to your request within 30 days or as appropriate under applicable data protection laws. If we are unable to honor your request or need more time, we will provide you with an explanation.
We give you the option to receive a variety of information related to our business, programs, websites, and Solutions. You can manage your communication preferences at any time through the following methods:
By following the instructions included in each promotional email from us to unsubscribe from that mailing
By completing and submitting this
form
or by contacting us via mail at: Cisco Systems, Inc., Privacy Office, 170 West Tasman Dr., San Jose, CA 95134, USA. Please be sure to include your name, email address, the communication received, method of delivery (such as post, email, phone call, text), and any additional information about the material you no longer wish to receive.
For short message service ("SMS") messages, reply "STOP," "END," or "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received
These choices do not apply to service notifications or other required communications that are considered part of certain programs, websites, and Solutions which you may receive periodically unless you cancel or stop use in accordance with its terms and conditions. With your permission, your Personal Data may be shared with third parties (such as Cisco business partners or vendors) so that they may inform you about websites, programs, products, or services that may be of interest to you. To opt out of Cisco sharing with third parties for their marketing purposes, please submit a
Privacy Request
.
By using or engaging with our websites or Solutions, or otherwise providing Personal Data to us, you agree that we may communicate with you regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use. For example, if we learn of a security system's breach, we may attempt to notify you by posting a notice on our websites, sending an email, or otherwise contacting you.
Personal Data may be processed by third parties for the purposes of operating our business; delivering, analyzing, improving, securing, and customizing our websites and Solutions; sending marketing and other communications related to our business; and for other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law(s); or otherwise with your consent.
Personal Data may be disclosed in the following ways:
Within Cisco and any of our worldwide subsidiaries for the purposes of data processing, such as marketing, business operations, compliance, security, website or Solution functionality, or storage
With business partners, service vendors, authorized third-party agents, or contractors to provide a requested website, Solution, service, or transaction. Examples include processing of orders and credit card transactions, hosting websites, hosting seminar registration, assisting with sales-related efforts or pre/post-sales support, and providing customer support.
With Cisco business partners or vendors, so that they may share information with you about their products or services. To opt out of Cisco sharing with third parties for their marketing purposes, please submit a
Privacy Request
.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or to another company
In response to a request for information by a competent authority or third party if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or is otherwise required by, any applicable law, regulation, or legal process
With law enforcement officials, government authorities, or other third parties as necessary to comply with legal process or meet national security requirements; protect the rights, property, or safety of Cisco, our business partners, you, or others; or as otherwise required by applicable law
In aggregated, anonymized, and/or de-identified form that cannot reasonably be used to identify you
If we otherwise notify you and you consent to the sharing
We take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the Personal Data entrusted to us and treat it securely in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Cisco implements physical, technical, and organizational safeguards designed to protect your Personal Data from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We also contractually require that our suppliers protect such information from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, or access.
We will retain your Personal Data as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We will retain and use your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our business requirements and legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, and enforce our rights and agreements.
We will not retain Personal Data in identifiable form when the purpose(s) for which the Personal Data was collected have been achieved and there is no legal or business need to retain such Personal Data. Thereafter, the data will either be destroyed, deleted, anonymized, and/or removed from our systems.
Cisco uses automatic data collection tools, such as cookies, embedded web links, pixels, tags, and web beacons. These tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to us (such as Internet Protocol [IP] address, MAC address, clickstream behavior, and telemetry).
These tools help make your visit to our websites and Solutions easier, more efficient, and personalized. We also use the information to improve our websites and Solutions, provide greater service and value, better understand your potential interest in our websites and Solutions, and provide you with more relevant ads and other content.
We partner with third parties to display advertising on our website and to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies to provide you with advertising based on your browsing activities and interests. Where this type of third party advertising is disabled, generic, non-personalized ads will continue to be displayed.
For more information, or if you would like to opt out of interest-based advertising, see
How Cisco Uses Automatic Data Collection Tools
.
To update your cookie preferences, click the "Cookies" link at the bottom of any page on this website. Additionally, you may be able to use other tools to control cookies and similar technologies. For example, you may have controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies.
We process Personal Data using both manual and automated methods of processing. Automated methods are often used to assist our manual methods in accordance with applicable laws. Where an individual's rights and legitimate interests may be impacted by such automated decision-making, we will provide the impacted individual the opportunity to inquire about the decision or request manual review. Manual review may be conducted by Cisco employees or trusted third-party business partners working on Cisco's behalf.
We may provide links to other third-party websites and services that are outside Cisco's control and governed by the respective third party's privacy policy, not by this Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy statements posted on the websites you visit and in the applications you use.
If you participate in a discussion forum, local communities, or chat room on a Cisco website, you should be aware that the information you provide there (such as your public profile and comments) will be made broadly available to others and could be used to contact you, to send you unsolicited messages, or for purposes neither Cisco nor you have control over. Also, please recognize that individual forums and chat rooms may have additional rules and conditions. Cisco is not responsible for the Personal Data or any other information you choose to submit in these forums. To request removal of your Personal Data from our blog or community forum, please submit a
Privacy Request
. In some cases, we may not be able to remove all Personal Data and comments. In such cases, we will provide you with a response and explanation.
Cisco encourages parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities. Cisco does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children without appropriate parental or guardian consent. If you believe that we may have collected Personal Data from someone under the applicable age of consent in your country without proper consent, please let us know using the methods described in the
Questions, comments, and how to contact us
section and we will take appropriate measures to investigate and address the issue promptly.
As Cisco is a global organization, Personal Data may be transferred to Cisco in the United States of America, to any Cisco subsidiary worldwide, or to third parties and business partners as described above that are located in various jurisdictions around the world. Similarly, Personal Data may be accessed from countries where Cisco or its subsidiaries have operations. Cisco will transfer your Personal Data in accordance with approved transfer mechanisms as well as any applicable local legal requirements.
By using our websites and Solutions or providing any Personal Data to us, where applicable law permits, you acknowledge and accept the transfer, processing, and storage of such information outside of your country of residence where data protection standards may be different.
Cisco safeguards and enables the global transfer of Personal Data in a number of ways:
•
APEC Privacy Certification
Cisco's global privacy program, described in this Privacy Statement, complies with the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Cross-Border Privacy Rules system (CBPRs) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP). The APEC CBPR system and PRP provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of Personal Data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC Privacy Framework, CBPRs, and PRP can be found on the
CBPRs site
. Our certification applies to our business processes across our global operations that process and transfer Personal Data to/from our affiliates around the world. To view our certifications, please see the
APEC CBPR System Directory
and the
APEC PRP Directory
.
For more information on the scope of our participation, or to
submit a privacy inquiry through BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, please click on the official seal below:
•
EU Binding Corporate Rules—Controller
Cisco's global privacy program and policies have been approved by the Dutch, Polish, Spanish, and other relevant European privacy regulators as providing additional safeguards for the protection of privacy, fundamental rights, and freedoms of individuals for transfers of Personal Data protected under European law. Cisco's Binding Corporate Rules—Controller (BCR-C) provide that international transfers made worldwide by Cisco entities bound by these rules as a controller of European Personal Data benefit from appropriate safeguards.
A copy of our BCR-C can be found in our
Global Privacy Policy
. More information about BCRs can be found on the
European Commission site
.
•
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the U.K. Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
EU/U.K. (and Gibraltar)/Swiss - U.S. transfer of Personal Data
When we transfer Personal Data out of the European Union (“EU”), European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to countries that do not benefit from an adequacy decision, we may rely on Standard Contractual Clauses, Binding Corporate Rules—Controller, or other legal transfer mechanisms with appropriate safeguards in place to protect Personal Data. Additionally, Cisco Systems, Inc. and its
U.S. based subsidiaries
(collectively "Cisco-U.S.") comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the U.K. Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) for transfers of Personal Data from the EU, EEA, U.K. (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the U.S.
Cisco-U.S. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regards to the processing of Personal Data received from the EU and EEA in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the U.K. (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the U.K. Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Cisco-U.S. has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regards to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Online Privacy Statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the U.K. Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. For more information about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit the
DPF Website
.
Pursuant to the DPF Principles, Cisco-U.S. commits to the following:
Cisco-U.S. is responsible for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the DPF, and subsequently may transfer it to third parties acting as agents on its behalf. Cisco-U.S. complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of Personal Data from the EU, EEA, U.K. (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland (for examples of such transfers, see
Disclosing your Personal Data
), including the onward transfer liability provisions. In certain situations, Cisco-U.S. may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Further, Cisco-U.S. is committed to protecting  Personal Data received from EU and EEA member countries, Switzerland, and the U.K. (and Gibraltar) (see
Collection and use of your Personal Data
for examples of the Personal Data Cisco processes when you use our websites and Solutions and interact with us) in accordance with the DPF's applicable Principles and to help ensure Personal Data collected from individuals is accessible to them as part of their individual rights when Cisco is the Controller of the Personal Data (see
Your privacy rights
). Furthermore, Cisco acknowledges the right of EU, EEA, U.K. (and Gibraltar), and Swiss individuals to request access to their data while it is in the U.S. and to correct, amend, and supplement inaccurate or incomplete data. Said individuals also have the right to request erasure of personal information that has been handled in violation of the DPF Principles. Subject individuals interested in accessing their data should see
Disclosing your Personal Data
for information on how to contact us, or submit a
Privacy Request
online.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the U.K. Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, Cisco-U.S. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Data transferred to the U.S. pursuant to the DPF Principles. EU, EEA, U.K. (and Gibraltar), and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints, or any questions or concerns regarding Cisco-U.S. processing or international transfer of their Personal Data should first contact Cisco-U.S. by submitting a
Privacy Request
online.
Cisco-U.S. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to a U.S.-based independent third-party dispute resolution mechanism, DPF Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
Cisco-U.S. is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Cisco commits to resolve complaints and concerns about your privacy and our collection and use of your Personal Data. If you have concerns or complaints about your privacy and our collection and use of your Personal Data, please contact us via the
Privacy Request Form
.
For complaints or concerns about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Data transferred to the U.S. pursuant to the DPF Principles, please see
Data Privacy Framework
.
Alternatively, you can contact the data protection supervisory authority in your jurisdiction for assistance. (Note, Cisco's main establishment in the EU is in the Netherlands. As such, our EU lead authority is the
Dutch Autoritiet Persoonsgegevens
.)
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) / California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA)
For business purposes in the last 12 months, Cisco may have collected, used, and shared Personal Data about you as described in this Privacy Statement. Each category of data that may be used by Cisco or shared with third parties is categorically outlined in this Privacy Statement.
California consumers have a right to: (1) request access, correction, and deletion of their Personal Data, (2) opt out of the sale or sharing of their Personal Data, and (3) not be discriminated against for exercising one of their California privacy rights.
All individuals have the right to request access to and deletion of the information Cisco holds about them either online via the Cisco
Privacy Request Form
or by mail to Cisco Systems, Inc., Privacy Office, 170 West Tasman Dr., San Jose, CA 95134, USA.
In addition, California residents may also submit a request by calling direct 408-906-2726 or toll free 833-774-2726 (833-PRI-CSCO).
Cisco does not sell the Personal Data of California consumers.
Cisco does not discriminate against individuals for exercising their privacy rights.
View the
Cisco CCPA Metrics Report
.
Residents of the State of California, under California Civil Code § 1798.83, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed Personal Data during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if the company has a privacy policy that gives either an opt out or opt in choice for use of your Personal Data by third parties (such as advertisers) for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options.
Cisco has a comprehensive Privacy Statement and provides you with details on how you may either opt-out or opt-in to the use of your Personal Data by third parties for direct marketing purposes. Therefore, we are not required to maintain nor disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Data for marketing purposes during the preceding year.
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we modify our Privacy Statement, we will post the revised version here with an updated revision date. If we make material changes to our Privacy Statement, we may also notify you by other means, such as by posting a notice on our websites or sending you a notification. By continuing to use our website after such revisions are in effect, you accept and agree to the revisions and to abide by them.
The Cisco Privacy Statement was revised and effective as of September 26, 2023.
Click
here
for the previous version of the Privacy Statement.
We value your opinion. Should you have questions or comments related to this Privacy Statement, please submit a
Privacy Request
or send mail to:
Chief Privacy Officer
Cisco Systems, Inc.
170 West Tasman Dr.
San Jose, CA 95134 USA
Americas Privacy Officer
Cisco Systems, Inc.
170 West Tasman Dr.
San Jose, CA 95134 USA
Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) Privacy Officer
Cisco Systems International BV
Haarlerbergweg 13-19,
1101 CH Amsterdam-Zuidoost, Netherlands
Asia Pacific, Japan and China (APJC) Privacy Officer
Cisco Systems (USA) Pte Ltd
80 Pasir Panjang Road
Level 25, Maple Tree Business City 2
Singapore 117372
Updated
10 months ago
Cisco Online Privacy Statement
What is Personal Data?
Collection and use of your Personal Data
Your privacy rights
Your choices and selecting your communication preferences
Disclosing your Personal Data
Security of your Personal Data
Retention and disposal of Personal Data
Use of cookies and similar technologies
Automated decision-making
Linked websites
Forums and chat rooms
Children's privacy
International transfer, processing, and storage of Personal Data
Complaint resolution
Your California privacy rights
California Shine the Light
Updates to this Cisco Privacy Statement
Questions, comments, and how to contact us
Sub-policy 3
https://kb.mailchimp.com/accounts/management/about-the-general-data-protection-regulation:
___
Skip to main content
Try Mailchimp with a 14-day trial.
Start for free today.
What and who
What does Mailchimp do to comply?
What can I do to comply?
Get the job done with a pro
From training to full-service marketing, our community of partners can help you make things happen.
Hire A Partner
You've probably heard about the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and you might have a few questions about it. Here’s some information about the law and how it affects Mailchimp and our users.
This article is provided as a resource, but it’s not legal advice. We encourage you to speak to legal counsel to learn how the GDPR may affect your organization.
What and who
The GDPR is a European Union (EU) privacy law that affects businesses around the world. It regulates how any organization that is subject to the Regulation treats or uses the personal data of people located in the EU. Personal data is any piece of data that, used alone or with other data, could identify a person. If you collect, change, transmit, erase, or otherwise use or store the personal data of EU citizens, you'll need to comply with the GDPR.
The GDPR replaces an older directive on data privacy, Directive 95/46/EC, and it introduces a few important changes that may affect Mailchimp users.
About consent
You need to have a legal basis, like consent, to process an EU resident's personal data. If you rely on consent, it must be freely given, specific, informed, and unambiguous.
In order to verify that you have obtained adequate consent, you will need a written record of when and how someone agreed to let you process their personal data. Consent must also be unambiguous and involve a clear affirmative action. This means clear language and no pre-checked consent boxes.
About individual rights
The GDPR also outlines the rights of individuals around their personal data. EU citizens will have the right to ask for details about the way you use their personal data and can ask you to do certain things with that data. You should be prepared to support these requests in a timely manner. Individuals have the right to request their personal data be corrected, provided to them, prohibited for certain uses, or removed completely.
You should also be able to tell someone among other things, how their personal data is being used. If they ask, you’re obligated to share the personal data you hold on an individual, or offer a way for them to access it.
What does Mailchimp do to comply?
Appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO) to oversee our compliance program.
Continuously review our
security measures
to ensure any personal data we collect and process on our systems is adequately protected.
Ensure our
Global Privacy Statement
clearly explains Mailchimp's commitment to the GDPR, is transparent about how we use personal data, and gives individuals information about how they can exercise their data subject rights.
Incorporate the EU's Standard Contractual Clauses in our
Data Processing Addendum
which automatically forms part of our Standard Terms of Use (our contract with you) and applies to customer data protected by EU laws.
Provide our customers with GDPR-ready terms in our Data Processing Addendum and update our contracts with third party vendors to ensure they are GDPR-compliant.
Maintain formal processes around data subject rights to ensure we can help customers fulfill requests they receive.
Respond to and fulfill
data subject rights requests
in our role as a controller.
Complete Data Protection Impact Assessments to identify and minimize any risks from our processing activities.
Maintain accurate records of our processing activities, both as a processor and controller of personal data.
Pay close attention to regulatory guidance around GDPR compliance and making changes to our product features and contracts when they're needed.
Certify annually with the EU-U.S./Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and continue to protect EEA, UK, and Swiss data in compliance with the Data Privacy Framework. You can view our Data Privacy Framework certification
here
.
What can I do to comply?
Mailchimp offers tools related to consent and individual rights to help you comply with the GDPR. We encourage you to consult with legal or other professional counsel about your GDPR compliance.
Collect consent
Transparent data processing is mandatory, and it’s also an opportunity to strengthen your marketing relationships. We’ve updated Mailchimp signup forms to help you stay compliant with the latest laws.
If you’re going to rely on consent to process the personal data of EU citizens, the GDPR says you must obtain specific consent from your contacts and clearly explain how you plan to use their personal data. Our GDPR-friendly fields include checkboxes for opt-in consent, and editable sections that allow you to explain how and why you are using data.
Mailchimp stores your forms and contact data in case you need it in the future. If someone signed up to your audience through a Mailchimp hosted form, you can export that audience and view information related to the signup. For additional evidence of consent, you may choose to turn on double opt-in.
If you rely on consent to process contacts' personal data, double check whether the consent that you obtained meets the GDPR's standards. For example, check third-party integrations to be sure they don't automatically add people to your Mailchimp audience without an opt-in checkbox that clearly states how you'll use that person's data. You should also review the terms associated with any Mailchimp add-ons or third-party integrations you use.
To learn more about permission data, check out
Export Proof of Consent
To learn more about using GDPR-friendly forms, check out
Collect Consent with GDPR Forms
Understand individual rights
All Mailchimp users can access their Mailchimp audiences to correct or update information upon the request of their contacts. Your contacts can continue to update their own data, too, by contacting us or updating their preferences in any email they receive from you.
Resources
We want to help our users, but it’s important to note that the GDPR's provisions could affect your business outside of how you use Mailchimp. Here are some additional resources.
A very helpful guide
from our Legal team, which covers the GDPR generally and certain parts that are relevant to using Mailchimp
The full text of the GDPR
Technical Support
Have a question?
Paid users can log in to access email and chat support.
Log In
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Awesome! Can you tell us more about your experience today?
It was easy to find what I was looking for.
I could easily scan a help article to find the information I needed.
The help articles are easy to read.
The help articles helped me resolve my issue.
Mailchimp is easy to use.
I just love Mailchimp!
Other.
Sorry we couldn't be more help. Can you tell us about your experience today?
The help articles don't make sense.
I wish there was a video that showed me how to do this.
What I'm trying to do in Mailchimp doesn't work the way I think it should.
It was hard to find what I was looking for.
I never found what I was looking for at all.
I have to contact Support to resolve my issue (for example, an account or billing problem).
Other.
Anything else we can do to improve our site?
Submit Feedback
Mailchimp and European Data Transfers
Learn more about Mailchimp and European data transfers.
Pricing for International, Non-US, and Other Currencies
Learn how Mailchimp determines pricing for international and non-U.S. currencies.
Mailchimp uses cookies for our website to function properly; some are optional and help deliver a personalized and enhanced experience. By clicking “Dismiss”, you consent to store cookies on your device in accordance with our cookie statement. We may collect anonymized data from your browser independent of your cookie preferences. Preferences can be updated at any time.
Cookie Statement.
Reject all
Dismiss
Cookie settings
Mailchimp Sites may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our Mailchimp Sites, to understand how you interact with us, to enrich and personalize your user experience, to enable social media functionality and to customize your relationship with Mailchimp, including providing you with more relevant advertising. Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change your cookie preferences at any time. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our Mailchimp Sites and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features  available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions.
View Cookies‎
Performance and Functionality Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the functionality and performance of the site. They help us to customize the site and application for you in order to enhance your experience. While these cookies are not needed for a basic website experience, certain functionalities such as personalization and video would become unavailable.
View Cookies‎
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
View Cookies‎
Analytics and Customization Cookies
These cookies collect information to help us understand how the site is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the site. These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
View Cookies‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 4
https://www.twilio.com/en-us/legal/privacy:
Print this page
Customer and Partner Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreements
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
Twilio Marketplace Terms
Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform Destination Integration and Listing Terms
AI/ML Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Sub-processors
GDPR
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
Mobile Application Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Italy ALIAS Database Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct (Italy)
Twilio Privacy Notice
Last Updated
:
February 6, 2025
(View the prior version of our privacy notice
here
An icon of a outbound link arrow
)
Introduction
The Privacy program of Twilio Inc. and its
group companies
(‘Twilio’, ‘we’ or ‘our’) is built on our
Binding Corporate Rules
('BCRs'), which serve as our code of conduct that governs our global processing of personal data.
In order to provide products and services ('Services') to our customers and conduct our day-to-day business operations, including the operation of our websites, we collect, use and share, or otherwise process personal data about our customers, our customers’ authorized users ('end user') and their customers, our website visitors and business contacts.
Personal data
is any information that directly identifies you, such as your name and email address, or that indirectly identifies you, for example a phone number or device identifier.
The personal data we may collect and process about you varies depending on our relationship with you. We may have a direct relationship with you because you have set up an account or consented to receive marketing communications from us, or we may have an indirect relationship with you via your relationship with one of our customers; for example you may be their employee or their customer.
We take privacy, data protection and our legal obligations very seriously. We are committed to being transparent with you about how we use personal data. This Privacy Notice ('Notice') aims to describe our privacy practices in a clear, accessible and easy to understand way and to let you know how you can exercise your rights in relation to your data.
This Notice applies where Twilio processes personal data as a
data controller
, in connection with the Services we provide to our customers and the operation of our business, including our websites.  As a data controller, we determine the purpose (why) and means (how) of personal data processing and are ultimately responsible for the correct handling of your data, in accordance with applicable law.  This Notice describes our general privacy practices. Depending on how you interact with us or the specific services you use, additional privacy notices may apply. These supplemental notices will be provided to you at or before the time we collect your personal data. These supplemental notices should be read together with this Notice and are incorporated by reference.
This Notice
does not apply
to the Personal Data we process in relation to job applicants. This is covered by our
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
.
We also process personal data for most of our Services as a
data processor
. As a data processor, we process personal data related to our customers' employees, end users and customers on behalf of our customers to provide Services to them in accordance with their instructions. These instructions are set out in our customer agreements,
Data Protection Addendum
, service specific terms or through a customer's use or configuration of a product feature.  You should contact these organizations directly for information about how they process your personal data as a
data controller
and to exercise your rights in relation to that data.
Contents of our Privacy Notice
Personal Data We Process
How We Process Personal Data
How We Disclose Personal Data
International Data Transfers
How We Secure Personal Data
How Long We Retain Personal Data
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Children
Automated Decision-Making
How to Contact Us
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Twilio Product Privacy
Personal Data We Process
The personal data we collect about you depends on your relationship with us and the purposes for which we process that personal data. The following describes the types of personal data that we collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Personal Data You Share With Us Directly
Contact Information -
When you sign up for a Twilio, Sendgrid or Segment account and use any of our Services, request product information, ask for a call from our sales team, or participate in events, we ask you to provide us with your name, company name, business address, phone number, email address and other contact information. We also ask you to create a password and name your account (or accounts, if you have more than one).
Customer Account Data -
We process certain personal data to manage our relationship with you and administer you or your company’s account. This includes purchase history, names or contact information of individuals authorized to manage the Twilio account on behalf of our customer to set up, access and manage billing. We also collect personal data required to administer use of your account and the Services, and information to allow us to verify your identity for Know Your Customer or other identity verification purposes.
Customer Content -
We receive and store the content of communications received from you or our customers and other personal data uploaded to the Services or generated for our customers’ use as part of the Services, which we may be authorized by you or our customer to use, where necessary for specific legitimate business purposes and in accordance with applicable law.
Marketing and Contact Preferences -
We use information about how you would like to be contacted and choices you have made to send you marketing communications.
Payment Information -
In connection with Services you pay for, we ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card or your Paypal account and your billing address. Our payment processor, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our Services. Our payment processor will share your billing address with Twilio for this purpose.
Personalization Details -
Some of our products, such as our short code service, may require you to complete an application form by providing details about your or your company’s  intended use of the product to determine eligibility for these products.
Professional Information -
The information we process about you with respect to your employment or profession, including company, job title, email address, phone number and online business networking profile.
Subscriber Records -
For some of our communications products, we may also obtain proof of identity from you or our customer that includes a proof of address, name, physical address, or other identification information. For example, to use our
Trust Hub
or to obtain a phone number in certain countries, local law may require us to have a physical service address on file for the individual who will be using that Twilio number, whether that’s you or our customer's end user.
Support and Feedback -
When you interact with us on our websites including through our AI chatbots (e.g. our Help Center Assistant), over the phone or via email, we process the phone number or email address that you use, the content of your interaction and the feedback you provide about our Services. You may also provide us with feedback about our Services in surveys and questionnaires. We will let you know when a call may be recorded, in accordance with applicable law.
Personal Data We Generate or Collect Automatically
Communications Usage Data -
When you or our customers use Twilio communications products, we collect electronic communications metadata, such as phone numbers and routing information, the source and destination of a communication, location of the device generated in the context of delivering the communication, date, time, duration and type of communication, status of the message, error data and traffic records.
Device Information and IP Addresses -
When you use our account portal, we collect your IP address and device information through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies. We also collect IP addresses when you make requests to our APIs and in our server logs. Additionally, we collect information about your device, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city or town when you use our account portal.
We do not collect precise geolocation information.
Online Activity Information -
When you visit Twilio websites, including our web forms, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and pixels to collect the following data: your device and browser, time zone setting, web pages visited, products you view or search for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, IP address.
Security Identifiers or SIDs -
When you sign up for an account with Twilio, we’ll automatically assign you and each of your accounts a unique security ID and generate an API token for each account. We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials.
Customer Proprietary Network Information -
When you use certain US voice-based communications services, Twilio collects information associated with your service usage. This includes information such as the number of phone calls, call destinations, call locations, type, and service configuration, and is known as Customer Proprietary Network Information ('CPNI'). CPNI does not include information such as your name, address, phone number, or the content of phone calls. We use CPNI to market Twilio-related Services to which you are not already subscribed unless you have exercised your right to opt out. For information about your CPNI choices, see the section “
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
” below.
Personal Data Collected From Other Sources
Add-On Service Data -
In the event you purchase our Services through one of our
Add-On Partners
, they may share your personal data with us to fulfill their contractual obligations. Add-On Partners may share your personal data in the form of leads when you download Twilio content on the Add-On Partner’s website or you participate in events and webinars of which Twilio is a sponsor.
Professional Data -
We collect certain personal data such as employment or professional information from sources other than you. We may combine this data with other personal data that you share with us.
Publicly-Available Sources -
We may also use publicly-available information about you that we have gathered through services like LinkedIn, or we may obtain information about you or your company from third party providers, such as your industry, the size of your company, and your company’s website URL.
Social Media Data -
Social media service providers such as Google, LinkedIn, and Meta may provide us with information about you, in accordance with your privacy settings on those sites.
Telecommunication Data -
We receive communication-related data from telecommunications operators, aggregators and carriers that may include phone type, carrier history, SIM status and history, city and/or country where phone was first registered, contract and account type, IP address city and/or country and a validation result of personal data provided by our customer and whether it matches data held by the carrier.
How We Process Personal Data
The purposes for which we process personal depends on your relationship with us. We only use personal data that is necessary to fulfill the specified purposes listed below as applicable to you and in accordance with applicable data protection law.
Purpose
Personal Data Processed
Legal Basis for Processing
Creating and managing accounts, including verification of the identity of our customer’s end user for Know-Your-Customer (KYC) or identity verification purposes.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Professional Information
Subscriber Records
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Carrying out Twilio’s core business operations, such as account administration, accounting, auditing and compliance, business analytics, filing taxes, finance, forecasting, consolidated management and reporting, product strategy and revenue planning.
Add-On Service Data
Professional Information
Customer Account Data
Support and Feedback
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Billing and relationship management.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Legitimate Interest
Providing, optimizing and maintaining our Services and, platform, including debugging and troubleshooting.
Add-On Service Data
Subscriber Records
Online Activity Information
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and managing the security of Twilio’s platform, services, websites and accounts.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Preventing, detecting, or investigating abuse or misuse of Twilio’s platform or Services , including spam, fraud, illegal activities, or violations of the
Twilio Acceptable Use Policy
,
or assisting telecommunications service providers, regulators, or law enforcement agencies with combating spam, fraud, or illegal activities.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Contact Information
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Telecommunications Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Determining eligibility for certain Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Payment Information
Personalization Details
Subscriber Records
Legitimate Interest
For routing and connectivity purposes to send messages on behalf of our customers, including transmitting, distributing and exchanging communications using phone numbers, either through the public switched telephone network or other communications networks.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Legitimate Interest
Providing customer support, including responding to your requests and communicating with you about your account and use of the services, including suspicious activity or security alerts.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Professional Information
Support and Feedback
Security Identifier
Other personal data provided by requestor
Legitimate interest
Sending important notifications about our Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Complying with legal and regulatory obligations, telecommunication service provider requirements and communications industry codes of practice.
Subscriber Records
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Sending marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Analyzing your interest in our Services and delivering marketing campaigns that are relevant to you.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Deploying cookies and other tracking technologies in accordance with your online settings.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Understanding how visitors navigate our websites, and tracking and optimizing the performance of our advertising activities.
Device Information
Online Activity Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Understanding how customers are using our platform and improving the website navigation experience.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Online Activity Information
Professional Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Conducting questionnaires and surveys to improve our Services and provide training to our employees.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Personalization Details
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Managing your participation in our events and webinars and granting you access to whitepapers and on-demand resources.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Collecting sales insights and performing lead scoring.
Contact Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing our business by updating, expanding, and analyzing our customer relationship records.
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Identifying potential job candidates.
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing or improving our Services, including anonymizing, de-identifying, pseudonymizing and aggregating personal data for this purpose.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Personalization Details
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
As otherwise authorized by you or our customer in Service specific terms or through your or our customer’s use and configuration of features in a product.
Data used will vary based on customer authorization
Legitimate Interest
Protecting the health and safety of our employees, visitors and our properties.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legal Obligation
Protecting the rights and freedoms of individuals, meeting legal or regulatory obligations, including complying with valid court orders, disclosure requests, subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Security Identifier
Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interest
How We Disclose Personal Data
We disclose personal data to third parties in limited circumstances in order to provide the Services and to otherwise run our business. Below are the different scenarios under which we may disclose your data to third parties.
Telecommunications Service Providers
Twilio’s communications products provide an easier way for developers to build applications that make use of the publicly switched telephone network ('PSTN') to send communications. Therefore, we engage with a global network of telecommunications operators, aggregators, carriers and other communication service providers (collectively, “telecommunications service providers”) as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How telecommunications service providers handle this data is generally determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Where telecommunications service providers transmit the content of a communication, they function neither as data controllers nor data processors, instead they act simply as a conduit to transmit communication content. In the event telecommunications services providers process any personal data for their own purposes such as communications metadata required to transmit the message, or for billing or fraud prevention purposes, they also act as data controllers.
We may have to share Subscriber Records with local government authorities or local telecommunications carriers that provide connectivity services. However, we don’t share subscriber records for purposes other than this, and we treat these records with our highest confidentiality.
Other Communications Service Providers
For proper routing and connectivity, Twilio also enables sending or receiving communications through communications service providers that do not use the PSTN, these are referred to as Over-the-Top ('OTT') communications service providers. If you or our customer chooses to use Twilio to send or receive communications by way of these providers, Twilio will disclose communications content and other data to these providers as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How those OTT communications service providers, as data controllers, handle this data is determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Third Party Service Providers
Twilio engages third-party vendors and service providers to carry out certain personal data processing functions on our behalf. These providers are limited to only accessing or using personal data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data.
Add-On Partners
Add-ons are additional features, functionality or services offered by Twilio’s Add-on partners (who are third parties not affiliated with Twilio). Twilio may make Add-ons available through the Twilio Marketplace. Some Add-ons may need to access or collect some of your information, including personal data. If you choose to use an Add-on, Twilio will disclose your information to the Add-on partner so you can use the Add-on. Twilio does not control Add-on partners’ use of your information and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own policies. If you do not want your information to be disclosed to an Add-on partner, then you should not use the Add-on.
Twilio Group Members
We may disclose your personal data among Twilio Group Members. Twilio Group Members will only use the information as described in this Notice. Twilio Group Members are listed in Appendix 1 in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
We may disclose your personal data to a third party if:
If we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or a government request (including to meet national security, emergency services, or law enforcement requirements);
to enforce our agreements and policies;
to protect the security or integrity of our Services;
to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, including security threats, spam and fraud; or
to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury.
For more details, please see the procedure laid out in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
If Twilio is required by law to disclose any personal data about you, we will notify you or our customers of the disclosure requirement to the extent legally permitted and where Twilio determines such disclosure will not interfere with an ongoing investigation. Further, we object to information requests we do not believe were issued properly.
Business Transfers
In connection with a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal data about you may be part of the assets transferred or disclosed in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction. If required by law, we will notify you prior to such a transfer and provide you with information about any choices you may have with respect to your personal data.
Aggregated, Anonymized or De-identified Data
Aggregated, anonymized and de-identified data may be derived by Twilio from your personal data but is generally not considered personal data under data protection law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. We may use and disclose de-identified, anonymized or aggregated data to third parties. We do not disaggregate or reidentify de-identified data.
International Data Transfers
As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal data to Twilio affiliates, contractors, service providers and third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world. When we transfer your personal data, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data remains protected.
Data Transfers to the United States and Elsewhere
When you use our account portal, or our other Services, your personal data may be transferred to the United States, where our primary processing facilities are located, and possibly to other countries where we or our service providers operate.
Safeguards for Data Transfers
Twilio employs appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of personal data, as required by applicable local law.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF“)
As set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce Twilio is officially certified under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF and relies on these certifications as its primary transfer mechanisms for transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S. Twilio adheres to the DPF principles for onward transfers of personal data to third parties and remains liable for damages caused by third parties under the DPF unless Twilio did not cause the event giving rise to damage. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Twilio’s compliance with the DPF. To learn more about the DPF Program, and to view our certifications, please visit the
DPF website
.
Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules
Twilio has established and implemented a set of
Binding Corporate Rules
for internal transfers of personal data between Twilio Group Members in the European Union and Twilio Group Members elsewhere as a data controller. Twilio’s BCRs have been approved by European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Twilio to adequately protect personal data that Twilio processes regardless of where the information resides. You can access Twilio’s BCR-Controller Policy
here
.
Where neither the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-EU DPF nor Twilio's BCRs apply, we rely instead on other data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, such as Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.
APEC CBPR & PRP Participation
Twilio’s privacy practices, described in this Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (“CBPR”) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”) Systems. The APEC, CBPR and PRP systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
How We Secure Personal Data
To protect personal data from loss, or unauthorized use, access or disclosure, Twilio uses reasonable and appropriate security measures designed to protect the security of your personal data both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal data we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.  All systems used to support our business are governed by Twilio’s Information Security Policy and Standards which are built on industry standards and best practices such as the ISO 27001 and NIST standards. More information about our security measures can be found in our
Security Overview
.
How Long We Retain Personal Data
We endeavor not to retain personal data in a form which permits identification of individuals for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which that data is processed. We retain personal data in accordance with Twilio's record retention policies and guidelines as revised and updated from time to time.
Twilio will store your Customer Account Data as long as needed to provide you or our customer with the Services and to operate our business. If you ask Twilio to delete specific personal data from your Customer Account Data (see ‘
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
’ below), we will honor this request, unless deleting that information prevents us from carrying out necessary business functions, such as billing for our services, calculating taxes, or conducting required audits.
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
Depending on the data protection laws applicable to you, you may have the following rights in relation to your personal data that we process as a data controller:
that we provide details about the categories of personal data that we collect about you, including how we collect and share it;
that we provide you access to, and a copy of, the personal data we collect about you;
that we update or correct any inaccurate personal data we have about you;
that we delete the personal data we have about you;
that we restrict processing of personal data about you;
that we provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used format and to transmit that information to another controller, and where feasible, transmit the information directly;
that we provide you with the right to object to the processing of personal data, including profiling;
that we provide you with a free, easy mechanism to object to use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes;
that you not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, that produces legal effects or similarly affects your individual rights;
to withdraw your consent; and
to complain to a competent supervisory authority and/or to commence proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Twilio will honor your rights subject to limitations in certain situations, such as where Twilio can demonstrate that it has a legal requirement or legitimate interest to process your data or can legitimately apply an exemption to the exercise of a right under applicable law. More information about these rights can be found in our Binding Corporate Rules Controller Policy
Rule 10
and
Appendix 3
.
If you are a
US resident
interested in what personal data we have disclosed lately for our business purposes, here’s a list:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Financial information
Internet or other electronic activity information
Geolocation information
Professional or employment information
By “our business purposes,” we mean that we only disclose personal data as we describe in the section "
How We Disclose Personal Data
" above.  Also, as described in the “How We Use Cookies & Other Tracking technologies” section below, we process personal data to deliver ads targeted to your interests on other companies’ websites and mobile apps. Some of these activities may be considered “sharing” or “targeted advertising” under certain laws. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising, and can do so by adjusting your preferences using our Cookie Preferences Tool located on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
You also have the right to request the restriction of processing of your sensitive personal information. Where applicable, the respective sensitive personal information will be marked accordingly and may only be processed by us for certain purposes. At the current time, however, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those expressed in this Privacy Notice or otherwise permitted by applicable law, and these uses cannot be limited under California law.
You may have additional rights under our
Binding Corporate Rules
in the EU. For example, where you believe your personal data has been transferred by an EU-based Twilio company to our US headquarters and processed by the US company in breach of the Binding Corporate Rules, you may have a right to:
Lodge a complaint with the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe;
Lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the same country as the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe; and
Bring a court action against the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe.
If Twilio processes your personal data as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will either direct you to contact our customer to exercise your rights.
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
The following sections provide information about how to exercise certain rights in relation to your personal data. To exercise any other rights, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
Accessing and Controlling Account Data
As part of our Services, we provide you with a number of self-service features at no additional cost within the Twilio console itself, including the ability to access your data, update any incorrect data, download a copy of your data, delete your data, or restrict the use of your data. You can make various choices about your Customer Account Data through the account portal when you log into your Twilio account or through the marketing preferences center. Any other requests about your data you cannot make through these self-service tools, you can request by contacting
Customer Support
.
Closing Your Account and Deletion
To request closure or deletion of your Twilio account, you can contact
Customer Support
. Please be aware that closure or deletion of your Twilio account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and the data in the account. After closure of your account, certain information associated with your account may remain on Twilio’s servers in an aggregated form that does not identify you. Similarly, after you close your account, we will retain data — including personal data — associated with your account that we are required to maintain for legal purposes or for necessary business operations (see “
How Long We Retain Personal  Data
” section above) until it’s no longer needed.
Identity Verification
In some instances, we will need to verify your identity before honoring your request. We will generally verify your identity by asking you to provide personal data related to your recent interactions with us. Thereafter, we will process your request and inform you of any decisions we have made about your request.  Additionally, you may exercise your privacy rights through an authorized agent. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
We won’t discriminate against you or change the price of our services if you make a request, but if you ask us to delete your data, it may affect your ability to use our Services.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
As an individual Twilio account holder or as an authorized representative of a Twilio customer in the US, you have the right to restrict Twilio’s use of
CPNI
. To opt-out of the use of CPNI data related to your Twilio account to market other Twilio Services based on your usage of our Services, click
here
.  Please note that, if you have subscribed for the services on behalf of an organization, the CPNI relates to the service usage by that organization and not you individually. Opting-out of the use of CPNI for marketing will not unsubscribe you from other types of marketing contacts from Twilio and will not affect the status of the services you currently have with us. Your approval or opt-out of the use of your CPNI outside of the services to which you are already subscribed is valid until you affirmatively revoke or limit such approval.
Communication Preferences
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time through your marketing preferences page by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from Twilio. You can also
update your communication preferences
using our online form or contact our
Customer Support
Team to communicate your choice to opt out. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as password reset emails, billing emails, or notifications of updates to our terms, unless you deactivate your account.
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Twilio uses common information gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, your account or when you interact with emails we send to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your browser or elsewhere on your hard drive. Cookies allow Twilio to identify your device as you navigate our websites or your account. This makes navigating and interacting with our websites or your account more efficient, easy and meaningful for you.
Twilio uses both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer. Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you’ve turned it off.
The cookies on our websites fall into three categories: (1) Required Cookies, (2) Functional Cookies, and (3) Advertising Cookies. To learn more about each category of cookie, you can visit our cookie consent tool by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting.
Manage Your Cookie Preferences
Twilio uses a cookie consent tool, which you can utilize to customize your cookie preferences. When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and ask you to customize your cookie preferences. If you decide to change your preferences at a later date, you can easily do so by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Please note that Required Cookies cannot be disabled and if you decide to opt-out of Functional Cookies, certain functionality of our websites or your account may be impacted.  Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
Manage Cookies Using Your Browser
In addition to using our Cookie Consent tool, you can use your browser settings to opt out of Functional Cookies and Advertising Cookies. For more information on how to do that, click
here
. To manage privacy and storage settings for cookies, click
here
.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms
Global Privacy Control (GPC) and Do Not Track (DNT) are tools that you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences in regard to ad trackers. To set up GPC, you can visit the
Global Privacy Control
page. To set DNT, you can visit the
All About DNT
page. Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account.
Opt Out of Advertising Cookies
To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the
Your Online Choices
page, the
Network Advertising Initiative
page, and the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice
page. These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Twilio. We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Web Beacons
Twilio also uses web beacons to gather data about your use of our websites, your account, and how you interact with emails we have sent to you. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like when you view a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Additionally, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a Twilio website.
Children
Our Services are not directed to or intended to be used by children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK, or 16 in the EEA). We do not knowingly permit children to sign up for a Twilio account. If we become aware that a child has signed up for an account, we will take reasonable steps to deactivate the account and remove their personal data from our records as quickly as possible. If you believe an underage person has signed up for a Twilio account, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
with the subject line “Children”.
Automated Decision Making
Automated decision-making occurs when an electronic system uses personal data to make a decision about you, without human involvement. Twilio uses automated decision-making leveraging a variety of signals derived from records we collect or obtain from third party vendors, to help monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity.  We may also use this information to evaluate your account application and make decisions about whether to approve or decline. If your account is suspended or not approved under these circumstances you will be notified and given an opportunity to request human review of the decision.
We may rely on other automated decision-making where:
We have notified you of the decision and provided you with the opportunity to request a human review of the decision
It is necessary to perform a contract with you and appropriate measures are in place to safeguard your rights
We have your consent and we have put in place appropriate measures to safeguard your rights
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Notice or our data protection practices, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing us at
privacy@twilio.com
or by writing to us at any of the following addresses:
Worldwide Headquarters
Twilio Inc.
101 Spear Street, 5th Floor
San Francisco CA 94105
EEA Headquarters
Twilio Ireland Limited
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Dublin 2
D02 R296, Ireland
Complaints
We will endeavor to resolve questions, concerns or complaints you raise with us in accordance with our
Complaints Handling Procedure
. In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve your concern, you can find information about your options to seek assistance through independent dispute resolution mechanisms or complaints to your local data protection authority
here
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Twilio commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance that are not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. You can find more information in the DPF
ANNEX-I-introduction.
If your question or complaint relates to personal data we process as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will direct you to contact our customer to address your question or complaint.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We will periodically review this Notice and may change it to address legal, technical or business development requirements or make clarifications. When we change this Notice, the most current version will be available at
https://www/twilio.com/legal/privacy
with the date indicating when it was last updated. If we make material changes that affect your rights, we will provide you with advance notice, such as by posting a message in the Twilio console or sending an email to the address we have on file for you. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this Notice. We will also seek your consent to material changes, where required by applicable law.
Twilio Product Privacy
Twilio offers a range of industry-leading communications and customer data platform services to our customers. Depending on the Service, Twilio may be a data controller and data processor of personal data used to provide the Services.
Twilio processes personal data (Communications Usage Data and Customer Content) for most of our Services as a data processor acting on the instruction of our customer and in accordance with the terms of our agreement with a customer, our
Data Protection Addendum
, and service specific terms. Our Services provide customers with ways to control, access and secure their data.
We also offer customers the ability to store, delete, access, or exercise other choices about their personal data. The ability to make these choices depends on the Service being used and how it is being used by a customer. Customers are referred to our
API docs
for each of our Services, along with SendGrid’s
documentation
and Segment’s
documentation
to find more detailed information about managing personal data collected and stored in connection with their use of our Services. We also provide an overview of our retention and deletion practices, including how to delete data you control in our
support documentation
. We provide information about the security measures we use to protect our customer’s data  in our
Security Overview
, and if you are located in a country that requires you to obtain information about our supplemental measures, you may read more about those measures
here
.
For some of the Services we also act as a data controller where disclosed and agreed to by our customer in the agreement, Data Protection Addendum, product specific terms or via the customers’ use and configuration of a product or feature.As a data controller, Twilio is responsible for the processing of the personal data.
For more detail on our Services, please find information below or by visiting our
products page
.
Authy
The Authy service is our standalone two-factor authentication (2FA) service for desktop and mobile. The Authy apps generate one time passwords and push notifications that can be used as a part of a two-step verification process with your Authy-compatible accounts to add another layer of security. Authy’s 2FA can be used on its own or with applications that directly integrate with Authy’s 2-factor authentication API.
Due to the nature of the Authy service, Twilio collects the following additional personal data elements to our other Services:
Identifiers
Once you open the Authy app, we ask you to provide us with a phone number to create your Authy account. We send a verification code to that phone number to be sure that the person creating the Authy account also has control over the phone number entered. This phone number is considered your “primary device,” and will be the identifier for your Authy account. We use that phone number to identify you, to provide you 2FA services, and to maintain logs for security and anti-fraud purposes. We also collect your email address, and we use it for identity verification and account recovery purposes.
Device Information
When you download and open the Authy desktop or mobile app, we automatically collect information about the type of device you have downloaded the app on and your device identifier. We collect this to ensure we deliver the right version of the app for your device and so that we can provide appropriate follow up support as necessary. We also use your device information to ensure proper delivery of our service and to provide and deliver support and maintenance of the Authy app.
Login History and Authy Account History
When you use an Authy token to log into an account, whether the token was generated on the app or one sent to you via your phone number, we collect and keep information associated with your login activity including information like your IP address, what application you logged in to, that you logged in, and when. If you change your phone number or email associated with your Authy account, we will also keep a log of that. We collect this information to monitor for suspicious activity and also as another piece of information that could be used to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Geolocation information
If you have location services turned on, we collect your location based on your IP address. We use this information for anti-fraud purposes, to check for suspicious activity and as another piece of information we can use to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Frontline Services
To use the Frontline services, you must log in to the Frontline app using a third party account (through your Single Sign-On provider). The authentication of your login details is handled by that third party and we only collect the information you expressly agree to share with us at the time you give permission to link the Frontline app with the third party account. We only gather the information you and our customers give us access to, and we only use it for the purposes for which you and our customers have provided it to us. Please see the
Frontline App Terms
for specific details about your relationship with us.
SendGrid Services
The SendGrid services also collect additional data in the form of web beacons placed in the body of emails delivered using the SendGrid platform. This allows us to keep track of whether or not an email has been delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it bounced or was treated as spam. You can learn more about web beacons in the section titled “
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
” above.
Voice Intelligence
Voice Intelligence incorporates artificial intelligence and machine learning to transcribe and analyze voice calls into a structured format that allows our customers to drive their business processes. To translate voice calls into structured content, Twilio processes certain data as a controller, including personal data contained in voice calls disclosed to us by our customer through their use of the service.
Sub-policy 5
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Our Cookies Policy
AppsFlyer respects your privacy as our website user. We use cookies to improve your user experience and for remarketing. Some of this data may be shared with select partners. See our
cookies policy
for more information.
Reject all cookies
Accept all cookies
Customize
Cookie Preference Center
AppsFlyer uses Cookies to provide, maintain, and improve our websites, to optimize our offerings and marketing activities, and to provide our visitors and users with a better experience, for example, in order to maintain your preferences, to better secure our websites, to identify technical issues, and to monitor and improve the overall performance of our websites.
More information
Allow All
Please select which Cookies you approve, you may choose all options.
Always Active
Necessary Cookies are enabled for the assurance and function of a properly run website, and they cannot be disabled. They are usually only set in response to actions permitted by you, such as, enabling functions like navigation and access to secure areas of the website. These Cookies do not store personal information that will be used for other purposes.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies provide us with aggregated (anonymous) insights into website enhancement and performance improvement. These cookies allow us to measure and improve the performance of our Sites. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization through our Sites and allow for a better user experience. These may be set by us (first-party Cookies) or by third-party providers who work with us (third-party Cookies).
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 6
https://cloud.google.com/terms/cloud-privacy-notice:
Skip to main content
cloud.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Overview
More
Solutions
More
Products
More
Pricing
More
Resources
More
Docs
Support
Console
Contact Us
Start free
Accelerate your digital transformation
Learn more
Key benefits
Why Google Cloud
AI and ML
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Data Cloud
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Security
Productivity and collaboration
Reports and insights
Executive insights
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Customer stories
Industry Solutions
Retail
Consumer Packaged Goods
Financial Services
Healthcare and Life Sciences
Media and Entertainment
Telecommunications
Games
Manufacturing
Supply Chain and Logistics
Government
Education
See all industry solutions
See all solutions
Application Modernization
CAMP
Modernize Traditional Applications
Migrate from PaaS&#58; Cloud Foundry, Openshift
Migrate from Mainframe
Modernize Software Delivery
DevOps Best Practices
SRE Principles
Day 2 Operations for GKE
FinOps and Optimization of GKE
Run Applications at the Edge
Architect for Multicloud
Go Serverless
Artificial Intelligence
Customer Engagement Suite with Google AI
Document AI
Vertex AI Search for retail
Gemini for Google Cloud
Generative AI on Google Cloud
APIs and Applications
New Business Channels Using APIs
Unlocking Legacy Applications Using APIs
Open Banking APIx
Data Analytics
Data Migration
Data Lake Modernization
Stream Analytics
Marketing Analytics
Datasets
Business Intelligence
AI for Data Analytics
Databases
Database Migration
Database Modernization
Databases for Games
Google Cloud Databases
Migrate Oracle workloads to Google Cloud
Open Source Databases
SQL Server on Google Cloud
Gemini for Databases
Infrastructure Modernization
Application Migration
SAP on Google Cloud
High Performance Computing
Windows on Google Cloud
Data Center Migration
Active Assist
Virtual Desktops
Rapid Migration and Modernization Program
Backup and Disaster Recovery
Red Hat on Google Cloud
Cross-Cloud Network
Observability
Productivity and Collaboration
Google Workspace
Google Workspace Essentials
Cloud Identity
Chrome Enterprise
Security
Security Analytics and Operations
Web App and API Protection
Security and Resilience Framework
Risk and compliance as code (RCaC)
Software Supply Chain Security
Security Foundation
Google Cloud Cybershield™
Startups and SMB
Startup Program
Small and Medium Business
Software as a Service
Featured Products
Compute Engine
Cloud Storage
BigQuery
Cloud Run
Google Kubernetes Engine
Vertex AI
Looker
Apigee API Management
Cloud SQL
Gemini
Cloud CDN
See all products (100+)
AI and Machine Learning
Vertex AI Platform
Vertex AI Studio
Vertex AI Agent Builder
Conversational Agents
Vertex AI Search
Speech-to-Text
Text-to-Speech
Translation AI
Document AI
Vision AI
Contact Center as a Service
See all AI and machine learning products
Business Intelligence
Looker
Looker Studio
Compute
Compute Engine
App Engine
Cloud GPUs
Migrate to Virtual Machines
Spot VMs
Batch
Sole-Tenant Nodes
Bare Metal
Recommender
VMware Engine
Cloud Run
See all compute products
Containers
Google Kubernetes Engine
Cloud Run
Cloud Build
Artifact Registry
Cloud Code
Cloud Deploy
Migrate to Containers
Deep Learning Containers
Knative
Data Analytics
BigQuery
Looker
Dataflow
Pub/Sub
Dataproc
Cloud Data Fusion
Cloud Composer
BigLake
Dataplex
Dataform
Analytics Hub
See all data analytics products
Databases
AlloyDB for PostgreSQL
Cloud SQL
Firestore
Spanner
Bigtable
Datastream
Database Migration Service
Bare Metal Solution
Memorystore
Developer Tools
Artifact Registry
Cloud Code
Cloud Build
Cloud Deploy
Cloud Deployment Manager
Cloud SDK
Cloud Scheduler
Cloud Source Repositories
Infrastructure Manager
Cloud Workstations
Gemini Code Assist
See all developer tools
Distributed Cloud
Google Distributed Cloud Connected
Google Distributed Cloud Air-gapped
Hybrid and Multicloud
Google Kubernetes Engine
Apigee API Management
Migrate to Containers
Cloud Build
Observability
Cloud Service Mesh
Google Distributed Cloud
Industry Specific
Anti Money Laundering AI
Cloud Healthcare API
Device Connect for Fitbit
Telecom Network Automation
Telecom Data Fabric
Telecom Subscriber Insights
Spectrum Access System (SAS)
Integration Services
Application Integration
Workflows
Apigee API Management
Cloud Tasks
Cloud Scheduler
Dataproc
Cloud Data Fusion
Cloud Composer
Pub/Sub
Eventarc
Management Tools
Cloud Shell
Cloud console
Cloud Endpoints
Cloud IAM
Cloud APIs
Service Catalog
Cost Management
Observability
Carbon Footprint
Config Connector
Active Assist
See all management tools
Maps and Geospatial
Earth Engine
Google Maps Platform
Media Services
Cloud CDN
Live Stream API
OpenCue
Transcoder API
Video Stitcher API
Migration
Migration Center
Application Migration
Migrate to Virtual Machines
Cloud Foundation Toolkit
Database Migration Service
Migrate to Containers
BigQuery Data Transfer Service
Rapid Migration and Modernization Program
Transfer Appliance
Storage Transfer Service
VMware Engine
Mixed Reality
Immersive Stream for XR
Networking
Cloud Armor
Cloud CDN and Media CDN
Cloud DNS
Cloud Load Balancing
Cloud NAT
Cloud Connectivity
Network Connectivity Center
Network Intelligence Center
Network Service Tiers
Virtual Private Cloud
Private Service Connect
See all networking products
Operations
Cloud Logging
Cloud Monitoring
Error Reporting
Managed Service for Prometheus
Cloud Trace
Cloud Profiler
Cloud Quotas
Productivity and Collaboration
AppSheet
AppSheet Automation
Google Workspace
Google Workspace Essentials
Gemini for Workspace
Cloud Identity
Chrome Enterprise
Security and Identity
Cloud IAM
Sensitive Data Protection
Mandiant Managed Defense
Google Threat Intelligence
Security Command Center
Cloud Key Management
Mandiant Incident Response
Chrome Enterprise Premium
Assured Workloads
Google Security Operations
Mandiant Consulting
See all security and identity products
Serverless
Cloud Run
Cloud Functions
App Engine
Workflows
API Gateway
Storage
Cloud Storage
Block Storage
Filestore
Persistent Disk
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Local SSD
Storage Transfer Service
Parallelstore
Google Cloud NetApp Volumes
Backup and DR Service
Web3
Blockchain Node Engine
Blockchain RPC
Save money with our transparent approach to pricing
Request a quote
Pricing overview and tools
Google Cloud pricing
Pricing calculator
Google Cloud free tier
Cost optimization framework
Cost management tools
Product-specific Pricing
Compute Engine
Cloud SQL
Google Kubernetes Engine
Cloud Storage
BigQuery
See full price list with 100+ products
Learn & build
Google Cloud Free Program
Solution Generator
Quickstarts
Blog
Learning Hub
Google Cloud certification
Cloud computing basics
Cloud Architecture Center
Connect
Innovators
Developer Center
Events and webinars
Google Cloud Community
Consulting and Partners
Google Cloud Consulting
Google Cloud Marketplace
Google Cloud partners
Become a partner
Home
Back to Google Cloud Terms Directory
Current
Google Cloud Privacy
                      Notice
Effective Date: February 6, 2025
This Google Cloud Privacy Notice describes how we collect
                      and process your personal information in relation
                      to
Google Workspace (including Google Workspace for Education)
,
Google Cloud Platform
,
Google Cloud Marketplace
,
Cloud Identity
(when sold separately),
Implementation Services
and
Google Cloud Training
(together,
                      “Cloud Services”).
We offer Cloud Services to our customers either directly
                      or via our authorized partners. Where we refer to our
                      customers in this notice, we also mean our partners and
                      their customers.
If European Union (EU), UK or Swiss data protection law
                      applies to the processing of Service Data relating to you,
                      you can review the
                      ‘
European Privacy Standards and GDPR
’
                      section below to learn more about your rights and Google’s
                      compliance with these laws.
If your organization has entered into our
Google Workspace for Education Service Data Addendum
,
                      please review the
Supplemental Google Cloud Privacy Notice
together with this notice.
Google processes Customer Data, Partner Data and Service
                      Data to provide Cloud Services. This Privacy Notice
                      applies solely to Service Data and
does
                        not
apply to Customer Data or Partner Data. We
                      explain what we mean by “Service Data” below.
Customer Data and Partner Data are defined in the
                      agreement(s) with our customers covering Cloud Services
                      and represent the data that you and our customers provide
                      for processing in Cloud Services. For more information
                      about how we process Customer Data and Partner Data, see
                      our
Cloud Data Processing Addendum (Customers)
and
Cloud Data Processing Addendum (Partners)
.
Service Data is the personal information Google collects
                      or generates during the provision and administration of
                      the Cloud Services and related technical support,
                      excluding any Customer Data and Partner Data.
Service Data consists of:
Account information.
We collect the data you or
                        your organization provide when creating an account for
                        Cloud Services or entering into a contract with us
                        (username, names, contact details and job titles).
Cloud payments and
                          transactions.
We keep reasonable
                        business records of charges, payments, and billing
                        details and issues.
Cloud settings and configurations.
We
                        record your configuration and settings, including
                        resource identifiers and attributes, and service and
                        security settings for data and other resources.
Technical and operational details of your
                          usage of Cloud Services.
We collect
                        information about usage, operational status, software
                        errors and crash reports, authentication details,
                        quality and performance metrics, and other technical
                        details necessary for us to operate and maintain Cloud
                        Services and related software. This information includes
                        device identifiers, identifiers from cookies or tokens,
                        and IP addresses.
Your direct communications.
We keep
                        records of your communications and interactions with us
                        and our partners (for example, when you provide
                        feedback, ask questions or seek technical support).
Google processes Service Data for the following purposes:
Provide Cloud Services you request.
We use Service Data primarily to deliver the Cloud
                        Services that you and our customers request. This
                        includes processing Service Data as needed to conduct
                        checks before extending credit to certain customers, to
                        bill for the Cloud Services used, to ensure those
                        services are delivered or working as intended, to detect
                        and avoid outages or other technical problems, and to
                        secure your data and services.
Make recommendations to optimize use of Cloud
                          Services.
We use Service Data to provide you
                        and our customers with recommendations (for example,
                        suggesting ways to better secure your account or data,
                        reduce service charges or improve performance, or
                        optimize your configurations), and providing information
                        about new or related products and features. We also
                        evaluate your responses to our recommendations and other
                        feedback (if you choose to provide it).
Maintain and improve Cloud Services.
We evaluate Service Data to help us improve the
                        performance and functionality of Cloud Services. As we
                        improve Cloud Services for you, this will improve them
                        for our customers, and vice versa.
Provide and improve other services you
                          request.
We use Service Data to deliver and
                        improve other services that you and our customers
                        request, including Google or third-party services that
                        are enabled via the Cloud Services, administrative
                        consoles, application programming interfaces (APIs) or
                        command line interfaces (CLIs), or the Google
                        Workspace Marketplace.
Assist you.
We use Service Data to
                        provide technical support for Cloud Services that you
                        and our customers request, and to assess whether we have
                        met your needs. We also use Service Data to improve our
                        technical support, inform you and our customers about
                        updates to Cloud Services and send other notifications
                        relating to Cloud Services.
Protect you, our users,
customers,
the public, and Google.
We use Service Data
                        to detect, prevent and respond to fraud, abuse, security
                        risks, and technical issues that could harm you, other
                        users, our customers, the public, or Google. This
                        helps make our services safer, more reliable, and more
                        secure.
Comply with legal obligations.
We use
                        Service Data to comply with our legal obligations (for
                        example, where we’re responding to legal process or an
                        enforceable governmental request, or meeting our
                        financial record-keeping obligations).
To achieve these processing purposes, we use algorithms
                      to recognize patterns in Service Data, manual review of
                      Service Data (such as when you interact directly with our
                      billing or support teams), aggregation or anonymization of
                      Service Data to eliminate personal information, and
                      combination of Service Data with information from other
                      Google products and services. We also use Service Data for
                      internal reporting and analysis of applicable product and
                      business operations.
Please note, if your organization has entered into our
Google Workspace for Education Service Data Addendum
:
your organization will process Service Data collected
                        or generated from Google Workspace for Education, as a
                        controller, for purposes it is required to disclose to
                        you separately; and
Google’s processing purposes listed above will not
                        apply to you. The purposes that apply to you are
                        described in the
Supplemental Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
                        Please visit that link to learn more.
We maintain data centers around the world, and provide
                      Google Workspace (including Google Workspace for
                      Education) and Cloud Identity (when sold separately) from
these locations
,
                      and Google Cloud Platform from
these locations
.
Service Data may be processed on servers located outside
                      of the country where our users and customers are located
                      because Service Data is typically processed by centralized
                      or regionalized operations like billing, support, and
                      security.
Regardless of where Service Data is processed, we apply
                      the same protections described in this Privacy Notice.
                      When transferring Service Data outside of the European
                      Economic Area, the UK or Switzerland, we comply with
                      certain
legal frameworks
.
We build Cloud Services with strong security features to
                      protect your data. The insights we gain from providing our
                      services help us detect and automatically block security
                      threats from ever reaching you.
We work hard to protect the Service Data we hold from
                      unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure,
                      or destruction, including by:
Encrypting Service Data at rest and while in transit
                        between our facilities.
Regularly reviewing our Service Data collection,
                        storage, and processing practices, including our
                        physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized
                        access to our systems; and
Restricting access to Service Data to Google
                        employees, contractors, and agents who need it in order
                        to process Service Data for us. Anyone with this access
                        is subject to strict contractual confidentiality
                        obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they
                        fail to meet these obligations.
We instruct our affiliates to process Service Data for
                      the purposes listed under
                      "
Why We Process Service Data
"
                      above, in compliance with this Privacy Notice and
                      appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We do not share Service Data with companies,
                      organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in
                      the following cases:
When you procure third-party services
We share Service Data outside
                      of Google when you or our customer choose(s) to procure a
                      third-party service through Google Cloud Platform, the
                      Google Cloud Platform Marketplace or the Google Workspace
                      Marketplace, or use a third-party application that
                      requests access to your Service Data.
With your consent
We’ll share Service Data
                      outside of Google where we have obtained your consent.
With your administrators and authorized resellers
When you use Cloud Services,
                      your administrator and resellers authorized to manage your
                      or your organization’s account will have access to certain
                      Service Data. For example, they may be able to:
View account and billing information, activity and
                            statistics
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Access your account information in order to
                            satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process,
                            or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your
                            information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We do not sell your Service
                      Data to any third parties.
We share Service Data with
                      trusted third party providers to process it for us as we
                      instruct them and in compliance with this Privacy Notice
                      and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. In
                      particular, we share Service Data with our third party
                      providers when you request technical support services (we
                      share the information you provide in the support ticket,
                      and those providers may communicate with you or your
                      administrator in that ticket, including providing updates
                      and closing the ticket) and professional services (we
                      share your contact details to enable communication and
                      collaboration).
For legal reasons
We share Service Data outside
                      of Google when we have a good-faith belief that access to,
                      or disclosure that Service Data is reasonably necessary
                      to:
Comply with applicable law, regulation, legal
                            process, or enforceable governmental request. We
                            share information about the number and type of
                            requests we receive from governments in
                            our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable agreements, including
                            investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud,
                            security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or
                            safety of Google, our customers, users, and the
                            public as required or permitted by law.
If Google is involved in a
                      reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of assets,
                      we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of Service
                      Data and give affected users notice before Service Data
                      becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Your organization may allow you to access and export your
                      data in order to back it up or transfer it to a service
                      outside of Google. Some Google Cloud Services enable you
                      to directly access and download the data you have stored
                      in the services. As further described in our
Google Workspace Data Subject Requests Guide
,
                      you or your organization may use various tools to access,
                      control, and export your data.
You and your organization’s administrator can access
                      several types of Service Data directly from Google Cloud,
                      including your account information, billing contact
                      information, payment and transaction information, as well
                      as product and communication settings and configurations.
If you’re otherwise unable to access your Service Data,
                      you can always request it
here
.
We retain Service Data for different periods of time
                      depending on the type of data, how we use it, and how you
                      configure your settings. When we no longer need Service
                      Data, we delete or anonymize it.
For each type of Service Data and processing operation,
                      we set retention timeframes based on the purposes for
                      which we process it, and ensure that the Service Data is
                      kept for no longer than necessary. We retain most types of
                      Service Data for a set period of up to 180 days (the exact
                      number depends on the specific type of data). However,
                      some Service Data may be kept for longer periods where
                      there is a business need. We generally have longer
                      retention periods (which can be over a year) for Service
                      Data that is kept for the following purposes:
Security, fraud and abuse prevention.
We retain
                        Service Data when it is necessary to protect against
                        fraudulent attempts to gain access to user accounts, or
                        to investigate violations of applicable Cloud Services
                        agreements. Usually, the Service Data retained where
                        there is reason to suspect fraud or abuse would include
                        device identifiers, identifiers from cookies or tokens,
                        and IP addresses, as well as log data about usage of the
                        Cloud Services.
Complying with legal or regulatory requirements.
We
                        retain Service Data when required by an enforceable
                        legal process, such as when Google receives a lawful
                        subpoena.
Complying with tax, accounting or financial requirements.
When Google processes a payment for you, or when you
                        make a payment to Google, we retain Service Data about
                        those transactions (including billing information),
                        typically for a minimum of five years, as required for
                        tax or accounting purposes, or to comply with applicable
                        financial regulations.
At the end of the applicable retention period, we follow
                      detailed protocols to make sure that the Service Data is
                      securely and completely deleted from our active systems
                      (the servers Google uses to run applications and store
                      data) or retained only in anonymized form. After
                      completion of these steps, copies of Service Data will
                      remain for a limited period in our encrypted backup
                      systems (which we maintain to protect Service Data from
                      accidental or malicious deletion and for outage and
                      disaster recovery purposes), before being overwritten by
                      new backup copies.
Your Google Account is your connection to all Google
                      products and services, not just Cloud Services. When you
                      choose to use Google products and services outside of
                      Cloud Services,
                      the
Google Privacy Policy
describes how your personal information (including your
                      Google Account profile information) is collected and used.
                      You and your administrator can control which other Google
                      services you may use while logged into a Google Account
                      managed by your organization.
If you interact with Cloud Services using a Google
                      Account managed by your organization, then your personal
                      information may be subject to your organization’s privacy
                      policies and processes, and you should direct privacy
                      inquiries to your organization.
Exercising your data protection rights
If European Union (EU), UK or Swiss data protection law
                      applies to the processing of Service Data relating to you,
                      you have certain rights, including the rights to access,
                      correct, delete and export your Service Data, and to
                      object to or request that we restrict processing of your
                      Service Data.
Google Cloud EMEA Ltd will be the data controller
                      responsible for your Service Data. However, where our
                      customer has entered into an agreement covering Cloud
                      Services with a different Google affiliate, that affiliate
                      will be the data controller responsible for processing
                      your Service Data in connection with billing for the Cloud
                      Services only.
If you want to exercise your data protection rights with
                      regard to Service Data we process in accordance with this
                      Privacy Notice, and you are not able to do so via the
                      tools available to you or your organization’s
                      administrator, you can contact Google via our
Privacy Help Center
.
You can always contact your local data protection
                      authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under
                      local law.
Our grounds for processing your Service Data
When we process Service Data for the purposes described
                      in this Privacy Notice (see "Why We Process Service Data”
                      above), we rely on the following legal grounds:
Purpose
Types of Service Data Processed
Legal Grounds
Provide Cloud Services you request.
The following types of Service Data, as
                                necessary for the purpose:
Account information
Cloud payments and transactions
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
Where necessary for our
legitimate interests
in fulfilling the
                                contractual obligations which we owe to our
                                customer to provide the Cloud Services.
Make recommendations to optimize use of Cloud
                                Services.
The following types of Service Data, as
                                necessary for the purpose:
Account information
Cloud payments and transactions
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
When we’re pursuing
legitimate interests
in offering the best service we can, and
                                ensuring our customers know how to get the most
                                out of our services.
In some cases we will seek your
consent
to send you marketing
                                communications.
Maintain and improve Cloud Services.
The following types of Service Data, as
                                necessary for the purpose:
Account information
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
Where necessary for our
legitimate interests
in offering the best
                                Cloud Services we can, and continuing to improve
                                the Cloud Services to meet our customers’ needs.
Provide and improve other services you
                                request.
The following types of Service Data, as
                                necessary for the purpose:
Account information
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
Where necessary for our
legitimate interests
in fulfilling the
                                contractual obligations we owe to our customer
                                to provide the Cloud Services, and where
                                necessary for our
legitimate interests
in
                                offering the best services we can, and
                                continuing to improve the Cloud Services to meet
                                our customers’ needs.
Assist you.
The following types of Service Data, as
                                necessary for the purpose:
Account information
Cloud payments and transactions
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
Where necessary for our
legitimate interests
in fulfilling the
                                contractual obligations we owe to our customer
                                to provide the Cloud Services.
Protect you, our users, customers, the public,
                                and Google.
The following types of Service Data, as
                                necessary for the purpose:
Account information
Cloud payments and transactions
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
Where necessary for Google’s
legitimate interest
to protect against
                                harm to the rights, property and safety of
                                Google, and where necessary for Google’s and
                                third parties’
legitimate interests
to
                                protect against harm to our users, our customers
                                and the public, including criminal acts and
                                rights violations.
Comply with legal obligations.
Depending on the specific legal obligations,
                                the following types of Service Data:
Account information
Cloud payments and transactions
Cloud settings and configurations
Technical and operational details of your
                                  use of Cloud Services
Your direct communications
When we have a
legal obligation
to do
                                so. For example, where we’re responding to legal
                                process or an enforceable governmental request,
                                or retaining information relating to your
                                purchases and communications to meet our
                                record-keeping obligations.
More
If you are using Google Workspace subject to our
Google Workspace for Education Service Data Addendum
,
                      please review the
Supplemental Google Cloud Privacy Notice
for information about the legal grounds we rely on when
                      processing your Service Data collected or generated from
                      Google Workspace for Education.
Additional information (Switzerland)
If Swiss data protection law applies to the processing of
                      your Service Data, the following additional information is
                      relevant.
Please see the section titled ‘Where Service Data is
                      Stored’ (above) for information on where we and our
                      affiliates process Service Data. We also disclose your
                      Service Data to service providers, partners and other
                      recipients (see the section titled ‘How We Share Service
                      Data’) that are located or process information in any
                      country in the world.
We comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the
                      transfer of information as set out in our
Legal Frameworks for Data Transfers
page. We may also transfer your information to a third
                      country based on an exception provided for by the Swiss
                      Federal Data Protection Act.
An exception may apply in the event of legal proceedings
                      abroad, in cases of overriding public interest or if the
                      performance of a contract with you or in your interest
                      requires disclosure, if you have consented, if the
                      information has been made generally available by you and
                      you have not objected to the processing, or the disclosure
                      is necessary in order to protect the life or the physical
                      integrity of you or a third party and we can't get consent
                      within a reasonable period of time, or the information
                      originates from a register provided for by Swiss law which
                      is accessible to the public or to persons with a
                      legitimate interest, provided that the legal conditions
                      for the consultation of such register has been met in the
                      specific case.
If Brazilian data protection law applies to the
                      processing of Service Data, you have certain rights,
                      including the rights to access, correct, delete or export
                      your Service Data, as well as to object to or request that
                      we restrict processing of Service Data. You also have the
                      right to object to the processing of Service Data or to
                      export Service Data to another service.
For users based in Brazil, the data controller
                      responsible for Service Data we collect for Google
                      Workspace and Google Workspace for Education is Google
                      LLC, and the data controller responsible for Service Data
                      we collect for Google Cloud Platform is Cloud Brasil
                      Computação e Serviços de Dados Ltda. The Data Protection Officer is Kristie
                      Chon Flynn. If you want to
                      exercise your data protection rights with regard to
                      Service Data we process in accordance with this Privacy
                      Notice and are not able to do so via the tools available
                      to you or your organization’s administrator, you can
                      always contact Google via our
Privacy Help Center
.
                      And you can contact your data protection authority if you
                      have concerns regarding your rights under Brazilian law.
In addition to the purposes and grounds described in this
                      Privacy Notice, we may process Service Data on the
                      following legal grounds:
Where necessary for the performance of a
                          contract with you
We may process your information where necessary for
                          us to enter into a contract with you or to comply with
                          our contractual commitments to you.
When we’re complying with legal
                          obligations
We’ll process your information when we have a legal
                          obligation to do so.
When we’re pursuing legitimate
                          interests
We may process Service Data based on our legitimate
                          interests and those of third parties while applying
                          appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy. This
                          means that we process your information in the
                          interests of providing Cloud Services you request;
                          making recommendations to optimize use of Cloud
                          Services; maintaining and improving Cloud Services;
                          providing and improving other services you request;
                          assisting you; and protecting against harm to the
                          rights, property or safety of Google, our users, our
                          customers, and the public, as required or permitted by
                          law.
Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific
                      disclosures.
These laws may include:
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);
Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);
Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);
Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and
                        Online Monitoring (CTDPA);
Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA)
Florida Digital Bill of Rights (FDBR);
Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (TDPSA);
Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (OCPA); and
Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act (MTCDPA).
This Privacy Notice is designed to help you understand
                      how Google handles Service Data:
We explain the categories of Service Data Google
                          collects and the sources of that Service Data in
Service Data We Collect
.
We explain the purposes for which Google collects and
                          uses Service Data in
Why We Process Service Data
.
We explain when Google may disclose Service Data in
How We Share Service Data
.
                          Google does not sell your Service Data to any third
                          parties. Google also does not “share” your Service
                          Data as that term is defined in the California
                          Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
We explain how Google retains Service Data in
Retention and Deletion of Service Data
.
                          We maintain policies and technical measures to avoid
                          re-identifying that information.
U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request
                      information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses
                      Service Data. And they give you the right to access your
                      Service Data, sometimes in a portable format;
                      correct Service Data; and to request that Google delete
                      that Service Data. They also provide the right to not be
                      discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights.
We provide the information and tools described in
Access to Service Data
so you can exercise these rights. When you use them, we’ll
                      validate your request by verifying your identity (for
                      example, by confirming that you’re signed in to your
                      Google Account).
If you have questions or requests related to your rights
                      under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized
                      agent) can also
contact Google
.
                      And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you
                      can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our
                      email.
Some U.S. state privacy laws require a description of
                      Service Data practices using specific categories. This
                      table uses these categories to organize the information in
                      this Privacy Notice.
Categories of Service Data we
                                collect
Business purposes for which Service Data
                                may be used or disclosed
Parties with whom Service Data may be
                                used or disclosed
Identifiers
and similar information
such
                                as your username, name, phone number, address,
                                and job titles, as well as unique identifiers
                                tied to the browser, application, or device
                                you’re using.
Demographic information,
such
                                as your preferred language and age.
Commercial
                                  information
such as records of
                                charges, payments, and billing details and
                                issues.
Technical and operational details
of
                                your usage of Cloud Services, such as
                                information about your usage, operational
                                status, software errors and crash reports,
                                authentication details, quality and performance
                                metrics, and other technical details necessary
                                for us to operate and maintain Cloud Services
                                and related software. This includes device
                                identifiers, identifiers from cookies or tokens,
                                and IP addresses.
Approximate location data,
as may be
                                determined by IP address, depending in part on
                                your device and account settings.
Audio, electronic, visual and similar
                                  information,
such as audio
                                recordings of your calls with our technical
                                support providers.
Inferences
drawn from the
                                above, like aggregated performance metrics for a
                                new product feature to determine product
                                strategy.
Protecting against security threats,
                                  abuse, and illegal
                                  activity.
Google uses and may
                                disclose Service Data to detect, prevent and
                                respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and for
                                protecting against other malicious, deceptive,
                                fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to
                                protect our services, Google may receive or
                                disclose information about IP addresses that
                                malicious actors have compromised.
Auditing and measurement.
Google uses Service Data for analytics and
                                measurement to understand how our services are
                                used, and to provide you and our customers with
                                recommendations and tips. We may disclose
                                non-personally identifiable information publicly
                                and with partners, including for auditing
                                purposes.
Maintaining our services.
Google uses Service Data to provide Cloud
                                Services and related technical support, and
                                other services you request, and ensure they are
                                working as intended, such as tracking outages or
                                troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you
                                report to us.
Product development.
Google
                                uses Service Data to improve Cloud Services and
                                other services you request, and to develop new
                                products, features and technologies that benefit
                                our users and customers.
Use of service
                                  providers.
Google shares Service
                                Data with service providers to perform services
                                on our behalf, in compliance with this Privacy
                                Notice and other appropriate confidentiality and
                                security measures. For example, we may rely on
                                service providers to help provide technical
                                support.
Legal reasons.
Google
                                also uses Service Data to satisfy applicable
                                laws or regulations, and discloses information
                                in response to legal process or enforceable
                                government requests, including to law
                                enforcement. We provide information about the
                                number and type of requests we receive from
                                governments in
                                our
Transparency Report
.
We do not disclose Service Data with companies,
                                organizations, or individuals outside of Google
                                except in the following cases:
When you procure third-party services.
We disclose Service Data outside of Google when
                                you or our customers choose(s) to procure a
                                third-party service through Google Cloud
                                Platform, the Google Cloud Platform Marketplace
                                or the Google Workspace Marketplace, or use a
                                third-party application that requests access to
                                your Service Data.
With your consent. We’ll disclose Service Data
                                outside of Google when we have obtained your
                                consent.
With your administrators and authorized
                                  resellers.
When you use Cloud
                                Services, your administrator and resellers
                                authorized to manage your or your organization’s
                                account will have access to certain Service
                                Data.
For external processing.
We disclose
                                Service Data with trusted third party providers
                                to process it for us as we instruct them and in
                                compliance with this Privacy Notice and
                                appropriate confidentiality and security
                                measures. In particular, we disclose Service
                                Data with our third party providers when you
                                request technical support services (we use the
                                information you provide in the support ticket)
                                and professional services (we use your contact
                                details to enable communication and
                                collaboration).
For legal reasons.
We disclose Service
                                Data outside of Google when we have a good-faith
                                belief that access to disclosure of that Service
                                Data is reasonably necessary to:
Comply with applicable law, regulation,
                                    legal process, or enforceable governmental
                                    request. We share information about the
                                    number and type of requests we receive from
                                    governments in
                                    our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable agreements, including
                                    investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address
                                    fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights,
                                    property or safety of Google, our customers,
                                    users, and the public as required or
                                    permitted by law.
More
Data protection laws in certain countries in this region may, in some cases,
                      require Google to obtain your consent to collect and process your Service
                      Data. By accessing and using any of the Cloud Services, you agree that Google
                      may process your Service Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
                      In particular, you can find information about:
The categories of Service Data Google collects and the sources of that
                        Service Data in
Service Data We Collect.
The purposes for which Google collects and uses Service Data in
Why We Process Service Data.
When Google may disclose Service Data in
How We Share Service Data.
How you can access Service Data relating to you in
Access to Service Data.
How Google retains Service Data in
Retention and Deletion of Service Data.
If Korean data protection law applies to the processing
                      of your Service Data, we provide the following additional
                      information for users of Cloud Services residing in Korea.
Items of personal information collected.
When you
                      use our Cloud Services, the following Service Data is
                      collected: (i) data you provide when creating an account
                      for Cloud Services or entering into a contract with us
                      (credentials, names, contact details, job titles, date of
                      birth and gender), (ii) business records of charges,
                      payments, billing details and issues; credit card info and
                      connecting info (iii) configuration and settings,
                      including resource identifiers and attributes, and service
                      and security settings, (iv) usage, operational status,
                      software errors and crash reports, authentication
                      credentials, quality and performance metrics, and other
                      technical details, device identifiers, identifiers from
                      cookies or tokens, and IP addresses), (v) your
                      communications and interactions with us and our partners,
                      and feedback, each as further described
here
.
The personal information listed in (i) to (v) above may
                      be transmitted to our
data centers
located abroad through our network, as described in
                      Purposes of collection and use of personal information
                      below and stored for the retention period described in
                      Retention period and deletion of personal information
                      below. If you do not want your personal information to be
                      transferred overseas, you may refrain from using services
                      and not provide your personal information. However,
                      services may not be provided or may be limited. If you
                      have any questions about this, please see the Contact
                      Information below.
We may use cookies (small text files placed on the user's
                      device) and similar technologies for a variety of
                      purposes, including user preferences or settings,
                      authentication information, or analysis. Most web browsers
                      accept cookies automatically, but provide controls that
                      allow you to block or delete cookies.
Purpose of collection and use of personal information.
Google collects and uses Service Data (i) to provide Cloud
                      Services you request, (ii) to make recommendations to
                      optimize use of Cloud Services, (iii) to maintain and
                      improve Cloud Services, (iv) to provide and improve other
                      services you request (v) to assist you, (vi) to protect
                      you, our users, customers, the public and Google, and
                      (vii) to comply with legal obligations, each as further
                      described
here
.
Retention period
and deletion
of
personal information.
We retain Service Data only for as long
                      as necessary to fulfill the purposes of collection and use described above.
                      For each type of data and operation, we set retention timeframes based on the
                      purpose for its collection, and ensure it is kept for no
                      longer than necessary.
If the retention period expires or you request deletion,
                      Google will faithfully endeavor to delete or anonymize such Service
                      Data unless there is a legal obligation that requires
                      processing or another lawful basis for retaining the
                      Service Data. When we receive a request to delete Service
                      Data, the retention period of the archive copy expires,
                      and then Google's archiving system has a mechanism to
                      overwrite the expired data.
We retain most types of Service Data for a set period of
                      up to 180 days (the exact number depends on the specific
                      type of data). However, we generally have longer
                      retention periods (which can be over a year) for Service
                      Data that is kept for (i) Security, fraud and abuse
                      prevention, (ii) complying with legal or regulatory
                      requirements including the Communications Secrets
                      Protection Act. We also have retention periods of a
                      minimum of five years for Service Data about payments and
                      billing information for complying with tax,
                      accounting or financial requirements, each as further
                      described
here
.
Consignment of personal information processing.
We
                      provide information to affiliates (listed
here
for Google Cloud Platform, and
here
for Google Workspace and Google Workspace for Education),
                      partners and other trusted businesses or persons to
                      process it for us, based on our instructions and in
                      compliance with this Privacy Notice and other appropriate
                      confidentiality and security measures.
Google has contracts with the third-party service
                      providers listed below to provide Cloud Services to Korean
                      residents. The contracts impose obligations on those
                      companies to prohibit the processing of Service Data other
                      than for the purposes we specify, to return or destroy
                      Service Data after the end of processing, and to implement
                      processes to ensure those companies comply with these
                      obligations.
Third-party vendor
(country of registration, contact
                                  information)
Role
Period, method of process/access, and items to
                              be processed/accessed
EPAM Systems Japan G.K.(Japan,
                                privacy@epam.com
)
Webhelp Malaysia Sdn. Bhd(Malaysia,
                                privacy@my.webhelp.com)
Infosys Limited.(Japan, privacy@infosys.com)
Customer Support for Cloud Services
In order for Google to provide Cloud Services
                                to Korean residents, these companies can process
                                the items of personal information collected
                                above remotely (excluding connecting info) from abroad during the
                                retention period described above depending on their roles
                                of customer support by accessing the personal
                                information from time to time via
                                telecommunication network.
If you do not want your personal information to
                                be transferred overseas, you may refrain from
                                using services and not provide your personal
                                information. However, Services may not be
                                provided or may be limited. If you have any
                                questions about this, please see the Contact
                                Information below.
Toss Payments Co., Ltd. (Korean Company)
Payment and notification services
Korea Mobile Certification Inc
(Korean Company)
Identity verification service
D-Agent (Korean company)
Local representative for user's privacy
                              inquiries
More
Legal minors.
Our basic policy for
                      Google Cloud Platform is not to collect personal
                      information of Korean residents under the age of 14. If
                      you are Korean residents under the age of 14, you may use
                      certain Cloud Services only with the consent of a parent
                      or legal representative.
Safety measures for personal information
. Google
                      takes the administrative, technical and physical measures
                      described in the "How We Secure Service Data" section
                      above to ensure the safety of Service Data.
Contact Information.
If you have any
                      questions about the Google Cloud Privacy Notice or privacy
                      practices, including how to exercise rights such as access to personal
                      information, correction/deletion, processing suspension, and withdrawal of
                      consent, please contact our Google privacy team (Email:
googlekrsupport@google.com
).
If you want to exercise your data protection rights with
                      regard to Service Data we process in accordance with this
                      Privacy Notice and are not able to do so via the tools
                      available to you or your organization’s administrator, you
                      can always contact Google via our
Privacy Help Center
.
                      And you can contact your local data protection authority
                      (
for instance,
Personal Information Infringement Report Center
)
                      if you have concerns regarding your rights under Korean
                      privacy law.
For local representatives under Personal Information
                      Protection Act and the Act on Promotion of Information and
                      Communication Network Utilization and Information
                      Protection, please see below:
Name and Representative: D-Agent Co., Ltd. (CEO
                        Byung-gun An)
Address and Contact Information: #1116, Platinum
                        Building, Gwanghwamun 28, Saemunan-ro 5-ga-gil,
                        Jongno-gu, Seoul, 02-737-0346, google_da_kr@dagent.co.kr
If Japanese data protection law (the Act on the
                      Protection of Personal Information, “APPI”) applies to the
                      processing of your Service Data, we provide the following
                      additional information for users of Cloud Services
                      residing in Japan.
Controller of Service Data.
Any Service Data
                      provided to or gathered by Google is controlled primarily
                      by Google LLC, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
                      Mountain View, CA 94043 United States, representative is
                      Sundar Pichai, CEO.
Purpose of collection and use of personal information.
Google collects and uses Services Data for the purposes
                      set out
here
and
here
.
Measures undertaken to protect retained personal information.
Establishment of general policy
Google establishes and publishes this
Privacy Notice
outlining our general policy relating to Service Data.
Establishment of internal policy relating to handling of personal data
Google establishes internal policies about handling
                      measures and persons in charge and their responsibility
                      etc. with regard to the acquisition, utilization, records,
                      provision, deletion etc. of personal data.
Internal organization as security control action
Google has large security and privacy teams responsible
                      for developing, implementing, and reviewing internal
                      personal data handling processes. Google employees are
                      trained to report suspected incidents involving personal
                      data, which may be done through various channels such as
                      through dedicated email addresses or digital platforms. A
                      dedicated team assesses reported incidents, and as
                      appropriate a coordinated team is assigned to manage the
                      overall incident, including liaising with Legal and the
                      product team as part of the investigation and response.
                      The team on-call for an incident is assigned on a daily
                      rotation. Incident responses may follow either a standard
                      or an expedited route, depending on the severity and
                      priority assigned to the incident.
Personnel measures as security control action
Google conducts periodical training for its employees
                      about matters to consider when handling personal data.
Physical measures as security control action
Google takes measures to prevent unauthorized persons
                      from accessing personal data in any situation and to
                      prevent theft or loss of devices and electronic media for
                      handling personal data.
Technical measures as security control action
Please see
here
and
here
for further information on the security measures
                      undertaken to secure, retain and delete Service
                      Data
Research of external environment
Data protection laws vary among countries, with some
                      providing more protection than others. Google has
                      established a personal information protection system to
                      ensure your information is accorded protections equivalent
                      to APPI, as described in the
Privacy Notice
.
                      Regardless of where your information is processed, Google
                      applies the same personal information protection
                      measures globally. We also comply with certain legal
                      frameworks relating to the transfer of data, such as the
                      European frameworks. For more detail, please see
Data transfer frameworks
.
                      Further, with regard to the location of our data centers
                      storing Service Data, please see
here
.
                      There may be cases where Google entrusts the processing of
                      information to subprocessors or its subsidiaries or
                      affiliates. With regard to the location of Google’s
                      offices including subsidiaries and affiliates, please see
Google’s Office Locations
.
                      With regard to the location of subprocessors, please see
here
.
Contact information.
For any inquiries or
                      requests about your Service Data related rights under
                      applicable law, please email
appi-inquiries-external@google.com
.
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. We
                      will not make any significant changes without notifying
                      you in advance by posting a prominent notice on this page
                      describing the changes or by sending you a direct
                      communication. We encourage you to regularly review this
                      Privacy Notice, and we will always indicate the date the
                      last changes were published.
Previous versions
(Last modified February 6, 2025)
July 10, 2024
January 18, 2024
January 18, 2024
August 21, 2023
June 30, 2023
January 25, 2023
December 14, 2022
November 15, 2022
April 20, 2022
December 7, 2021
May 30, 2021
December 7, 2020
November 12, 2020
Sub-policy 7
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/compliance/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
We are committed to complying with
applicable data protection laws
We are always working to stay compliant, which helps make compliance easier for your business. We are audited regularly by third parties, maintain certifications, provide industry-standard contractual protections and share tools and information you can use to strengthen your business’ compliance.
Our commitment to
user privacy
Keeping users’ information safe, secure and private is among our highest priorities at Google. Over the years, we have worked closely with data protection authorities around the world and have implemented strong privacy protections that reflect their guidance.
We are well placed to meet the security requirements of the applicable data protection laws. Our services are backed by robust, state-of-the-art technical and organizational safeguards, dedicated security and privacy teams and our program is reviewed annually by third-party auditors.
We will promptly inform you of incidents involving your customer data in line with the data incident terms in our agreements with you. We maintain and continue to invest in advanced threat detection and avoidance technologies, as well as a rigorous 24/7 incident management program to help you identify and respond to security or privacy events without delay and with available information.
We provide transparency about how data is used in our ads products. We ask users for permission to use data to personalize ads and provide transparency into how the data is used in real time via the
“Why this ad” feature
. We provide detailed explanations on how we use data on
safety.google.com
and in our
Privacy Policy
. We also provide transparency to users on what data Google saves about them in their Google Account, where users can view and manage their data, privacy, and security settings. Users can go to their
Ad Settings
to control the use of data for ads personalization and for all ads shown by Google, including on our Google Marketing Platform products. As part of our continued commitment to give users controls to manage their privacy, we have updated our account creation experience to give users more options on what data they choose to save in their account.
We already have processes to build privacy into our products from the very earliest stages, and we are continually evolving our practices, including Data Protection Impact Assessments, to meet worldwide changing requirements including those in the GDPR around Privacy by Design and Privacy by Default.
We update our
ads data retention policies
whenever necessary and have made changes to our products to unify retention practices.
Digital Markets Act
Raising Issues with Public Authorities
Google does not interpret any provisions, including confidentiality provisions, in its contracts or terms of service that are in scope of the Digital Markets Act, as preventing counterparties from raising any issue of non-compliance with the law or with any relevant public authority. This is without prejudice to the operation of lawful complaints-handling mechanisms that are laid down in agreements with business users, as defined by the Digital Markets Act.
Our commitment to data protection laws
Privacy regulation is changing. We know you need to select products that are both compliant with all applicable data protection laws, and use personal data in ways that are compliant. Learn more about how Google is complying with specific privacy laws below.
GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) went into effect May 25, 2018.
LGPD
The Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD) went into effect September 18, 2020.
US state privacy laws
Individual states have enacted data protection laws.
Audits and certifications
Any data you share with Google is protected. Our products’ security controls are regularly audited in line with international standards to ensure all personal information is handled safely and responsibly. In addition, the effectiveness of our controls is reviewed by an independent third party every two years, at least.
ISO 27001 (Information security management)
ISO 27001 is one of the most widely recognized, internationally accepted independent security standards. Google has earned ISO 27001 certification for the systems, applications, people, technology, processes, and data centers serving Google Cloud Platform, Google Workspace and Google Ads.
Google Ads (PDF)
ISO 27017 (Cloud security)
ISO 27017 is an international standard of practice for information security controls based on ISO/IEC 27002, specifically for cloud services. Google has been certified compliant with ISO 27017 for Google Cloud Platform products and Google Workspace.
ISO 27018 (Cloud privacy)
ISO 27018 is an international standard of practice for protection of personally identifiable information (PII) in public cloud services. Google has been certified compliant with ISO 27018 for Google Cloud Platform products and Google Workspace.
ISO 27701 (Privacy information management)
ISO/IEC 27701 is a global privacy standard that focuses on the collection and processing of personally identifiable information (PII). Google has been certified under ISO 27701 for Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace.
SSAE16/ISAE 3402
The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) SOC 2 (Service Organization Controls) and SOC 3 audit framework defines Trust Services Criteria for security, availability, processing integrity, privacy and confidentiality. Google has both SOC 2 and SOC 3 reports for Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace. You can download our SOC 3 report. We also have SOC 1 Type 2 for AdWords, AdSense, Google Cloud Platform, Google Workspace, DoubleClick Campaign Manager, DoubleClick for Publishers, and DoubleClick Ad Exchange, available to customers under NDA.
FedRAMP
FedRAMP is a program that provides a standardized approach to security assessment, authorization, and continuous monitoring for cloud products and services used by the U.S. federal government. Google maintains a FedRAMP Authorization to Operate (ATO) for Google Workspace and Google Cloud Platform.
FedRAMP
PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard)
The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) is a set of technical and operational requirements for entities that store, process, or transmit payment card data. The following Google services have been reviewed by an independent Qualified Security Assessor and determined to be compliant with the current version of PCI DSS: Android Pay, Google Cloud Platform.
PCI DSS
Explore more ways we keep you safe online
Product Controls
Choose what information you share with Google based on products and features you use
Data Safety
Learn how we protect by investing in security and privacy technology - for every business including our own
Responsible Innovation
Learn how we create and share safety technologies that raise industry standards for everyone.
Product Controls
Choose what information you share with Google based on products and features you use
Data Safety
Learn how we protect by investing in security and privacy technology - for every business including our own
Responsible Innovation
Learn how we create and share safety technologies that raise industry standards for everyone.
Sub-policy 8
https://www.facebook.com/policy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 9
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 10
https://www.apple.com/privacy/:
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
Privacy. That’s Apple.
Privacy.
That’s Apple.
Privacy is a fundamental human right. It’s also one of our core values. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. That’s the kind of innovation we believe in.
Apple Intelligence.
Great powers come
with great privacy.
Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple.
On-device
processing
allows Apple Intelligence to be aware of your data without collecting your data.
On-device processing
The cornerstone of Apple Intelligence is on‑device processing, which gives Apple Intelligence the ability to fulfill many of your requests without leaving your device.
Deeply integrated into your iPhone, iPad, and Mac
Powered by Apple silicon
Designed to protect your privacy at every step
Private Cloud Compute
extends the privacy of Apple devices for more complex requests.
Private Cloud Compute
Some requests require more computational power than what fits in your pocket. For these more complex requests, Apple Intelligence can draw on Private Cloud Compute and extend the privacy of your Apple devices to Apple silicon servers.
Your data is only used for your requests
Your data is never stored or made accessible to anyone
Independent experts can verify its privacy promise
Available now
*
Learn more about Apple Intelligence
Discover everyday privacy protections.
Locked and Hidden Apps.
Choose
what’s
visible.
Locked and Hidden Apps
Locked apps allow you to show your screen to someone while protecting sensitive areas of your phone. For additional privacy, you can hide a locked app. This removes the hidden app’s name and icon from the Home Screen and search results, and pauses its notifications. You can access locked or hidden apps with Face ID, Touch ID, or a passcode.
Private Browsing.
Powerfully
private.
Private Browsing
When you turn on Private Browsing, Safari won’t save the sites you visit, your searches, or any information from forms you fill out. Advanced tracking and fingerprinting protections help prevent websites from tracking or identifying your device. And your private browsing windows automatically lock when you’re not using them.
Passkeys.
Simple.
Secure.
So not a
password
.
Passkeys
A passkey eliminates the need for a password by using a unique digital key that only works from the site or app it was created for, so you don’t have to worry about website leaks or phishing. Passkeys are securely synced across Apple devices. Just use Touch ID or Face ID to authenticate and you’re done.
Lock Hidden Albums.
Keep Hidden
and Recently
Deleted
photos
private.
Lock Hidden Albums
Your Hidden and Recently Deleted albums in Photos are locked by default and can be unlocked using your device’s authentication method — Face ID, Touch ID, or your passcode.
Safety Check.
Take
control
in times of crisis.
Safety Check
Safety Check is a section in Settings that helps people in domestic or intimate partner violence situations quickly reset the access they’ve granted to others. It also helps you manage which people and apps you’ve given access to.
Learn more about personal safety with Apple devices
App Tracking Transparency.
Decide which
apps are
allowed to
track
track
track
track
you.
App Tracking Transparency
Make more informed choices about the apps you use and the permissions you grant them. Apps are required to ask your permission when they want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. And you can change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for permission entirely in Settings.
Mail Privacy Protection.
Read
Read
,
delete
,
and
reply
with peace
of mind.
Mail Privacy Protection
Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email.
Our apps mind their business. Not yours.
Safari throws trackers off your trail.
Safari
Some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch you, build a profile of you, and serve you ads as you browse the web. Intelligent Tracking Prevention in Safari uses on-device machine learning to help block those trackers. And you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site trackers Safari is blocking by visiting your Privacy Report in the Safari toolbar.
When you use Private Browsing, the details of your browsing aren’t saved, and the websites you visit aren’t shared with your other Apple devices. And starting with iOS 17, iPadOS 17, and macOS Sonoma, Private Browsing locks your private browsing windows when you’re not using them, completely blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to URLs as you browse.
View all privacy features
Health keeps your records under wraps.
Health
From your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health can give you insight into some of your most personal details. With the Health app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to, and who has access to it.
When you do want to securely share your health data from the Health app with your doctors, they’ll see the data you shared in a dashboard in the provider’s health records system.
All of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, Touch ID, or Face ID. So however you use the Health app, you’re always in control of your data.
Wallet and Apple Pay help hide what you buy.
Wallet and Apple Pay
When you make a purchase, Apple Pay uses a device-specific number and unique transaction code. So your card number is never stored on your device or on Apple servers. And when you pay, your card numbers are never shared by Apple with merchants.
When you pay with a debit or credit card, Apple Pay doesn’t keep transaction information that can be tied back to you. And when you use Apple Cash, information is stored only for troubleshooting, fraud prevention, and regulatory purposes.
Maps makes your location history, history.
Maps
Where you go says a lot about you. Maps delivers a great experience without Apple knowing which stores, neighborhoods, or clinics you visit. And because Maps doesn’t include a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your Apple Account at all.
Personalized features, like locating your parked car, are created right on your device. Data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms, is not associated with your identity. Instead, that information is based on random identifiers that are constantly changing.
Photos lets you choose who has the full picture.
Photos
Your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends, and your favorite things. Apple devices are designed to give you control over those memories.
Photos is also designed so that the face recognition and scene and object detection — which power features like For You, Memories, Sharing Suggestions, and the People album — happen on device instead of in the cloud. In fact, the A13 Bionic and later chips perform over 100 billion operations per photo to recognize faces and places without ever leaving your device. And when apps request access to your photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library.
Messages are only seen by who you send them to.
Messages
From inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video chats. Every blue-bubble message, picture, Animoji, and video is encrypted while being sent between devices.
Smart suggestions in Messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who you’re messaging, are all done on your device.
Siri learns what you need. Not who you are.
Siri
Siri was designed from the beginning to learn your preferences without sharing your identity with Apple or anyone else. You don’t sign in with your Apple Account to use Siri, and the audio of your requests is processed entirely on your device thanks to the power of the Apple Neural Engine.
When Apple does process or store data on our servers, it’s associated with a random identifier — a long string of letters and numbers. That data is used only to improve Siri, and we never share or sell it. Apple doesn’t retain audio of your requests unless you choose to share it with us to improve Siri.
Apple News leaves what you read off the record.
Apple News
Many news sources keep track of your identity and create a profile of you. Apple News delivers personalized content without knowing who you are. The content you read is associated with a random identifier, not your Apple Account.
You get editor-curated content and a personalized newsfeed so you can stay up to date with the latest news and stories. And because Apple News uses machine learning, the more you use it, the better your app gets to know what you like — without Apple ever knowing what you’re into.
App Store shows you what’s in store for your data.
App Store
Every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the App Store is required to follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. And every app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at Apple.
When you’re checking out an app, you’ll see its Privacy Nutrition Label to help you decide if it works for you. Apps you choose to download need your permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can always change your mind about what you share. iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5 or later require developers to get your permission before tracking your activity across other companies’ apps and websites for ads or data brokers.
Get the latest on privacy.
Your other browser may be watching you.
Safari actually protects your privacy.
Watch the film
Drop by the Apple Store to learn more about privacy.
Join a 30-minute session and learn how to control your privacy on iPhone.
Join a free session
Discover how Apple Vision Pro protects your data.
Like every Apple product and service, Apple Vision Pro is designed to protect your privacy and keep you in control of your data.
View (PDF)
Protect your data from malware.
Apple’s layers of security and App Store protections help shield you from malware.
View (PDF)
Take charge of how apps use your data.
Every day, people go about their lives unaware that their personal information is being harvested.
View (PDF)
Learn more about privacy at Apple.
Review privacy features
Control what you share
See how apps from Apple
handle your data
Our values lead the way.
Accessibility
Our built-in accessibility features are designed to work the way you do.
Learn more
Environment
We’re committed to bringing our net emissions to zero across our entire carbon footprint by 2030.
Learn more
Racial Equity
and Justice Initiative
We’re addressing systemic racism by expanding opportunities for communities of color globally.
Learn more
Education
We empower students and educators to learn, create, and define their own success.
Learn more
Supply Chain Innovation
We prioritize providing safe, respectful, and supportive workplaces for everyone.
Learn more
Inclusion and Diversity
We’re holding ourselves accountable for creating a culture where everyone belongs.
Learn more
Sub-policy 11
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 12
https://fastspring.com/privacy/:
Get more than a payment gateway, right out of the gate. Go farther faster with FastSpring.
Schedule Demo
or
Try Now
FastSpring® Privacy Statement
Please note:
This is the FastSpring Privacy Policy. There is also a separate privacy policy for FastSpring Interactive Quotes (formerly SalesRight) which
you can access here
.
California residents and individuals located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) and Switzerland can exercise their privacy rights, including the right to request access to or deletion of their personal information, subject to the exceptions under applicable law, by clicking
here
and then completing the form to submit their request.
You may find a copy of this Privacy Policy in PDF format
here
.  For individuals with disabilities, alternative methods of viewing or receiving this Privacy Policy can be found
here
.
BY USING THIS WEBSITE OR ANY FASTSPRING OPERATED ECOMMERCE SOLUTION OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO FASTSPRING THROUGH THIS WEBSITE OR ANY FASTSPRING POWERED ECOMMERCE SOLUTION, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE COLLECTION, USE, TRANSFER, AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ABIDE BY THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF ANY CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH CHANGES.
1. Scope and Purpose of This Privacy Statement.
Introduction.
This Bright Market, LLC d/b/a FastSpring (“
FastSpring
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”) Privacy Statement (“
Privacy Statement
”) applies to each ecommerce solution, which may be but is not limited to, a website, portion of a website or a software application branded with the look and feel of a software publisher or entity operated by FastSpring for the purpose of buying or selling such software publisher’s products and/or services (“
Ecommerce Engine
” or “
Website
”) where this Privacy Statement can be accessed from a hyperlink on, or otherwise appears on, that Ecommerce Engine.  If you are purchasing products through a software Seller (“
Vendor
”), a FastSpring subsidiary and not FastSpring directly, please note that this Ecommerce Engine is hosted and/or operated by FastSpring under an agreement with the Vendor or subsidiary of FastSpring who is listed as the seller of products in the terms of sale on this Ecommerce Engine.
Controller Responsible for Your Information.
Depending upon your relationship to us, FastSpring operates as either a joint controller or processor of the Personal Information we maintain about you.  For additional information on the distinction between the two roles, please see our
Data Processing Agreement
.  Any Personal Information collected by visiting this Website is controlled by Bright Market, LLC d/b/a FastSpring, 801 Garden Street, #201, Santa Barbara, CA 93101, United States of America.
Purpose.
FastSpring respects the privacy of its customers, partners and suppliers of products or services. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to provide you with information concerning how FastSpring collects, uses, maintains, and shares your Personal Information in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
2. Information We Collect and Process.
FastSpring collects the Personal Information of our purchasers, Vendors, and other individuals who visit our Website for specified, explicit purposes only and will not process this Personal Information in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes.  Personal Information will be processed only if such processing is based on any of the legal grounds listed in section 6(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR) (unless an exemption applies) as outlined below:
Performance of a Contract with You
. We will process your Personal Information if it is necessary in order to enter into or perform a contract with you. For example, we will process your payment information in order to complete your purchase/sales transaction.
Legitimate Interest
.  We will process your Personal Information if it is necessary for the purposes of FastSpring’s legitimate interests, except where FastSpring’s interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of your Personal Information. FastSpring’s legitimate interests in processing your Personal Information include:  FastSpring’s prevention of fraud or misuse of services, IT and network security, marketing and advertising of products sold by FastSpring, enforcement of legal claims including debt collection via out-of-court procedures, processing for marketing research purposes.
Consent
. If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, by using this Ecommerce Engine you consent by ticking the specific consent box to the processing of your Personal Information FastSpring’s servers in the United States and the storage of your Personal Information in the United States for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement, and acknowledge that your Personal Information may be transmitted by us to other FastSpring companies for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement and for company group administration purposes. You may withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future, but you will then not be able to use our services and in particular order products on our Websites. Where consent to the collection of Personal Information is revoked, we will stop processing that Personal Information. For further information or if you wish to withdraw your consent, please email us at
privacy@fastspring.com
.
Legal Obligation
. We will process your Personal Information where we are under a legal obligation to do so, including tax compliance obligations.
When you visit, buy, or sell via our Website, we may capture the following information about you:
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Identifiers
Specific Personal Information
Name (First/Last), Signature/E-Signature, Mailing Address, Email Address, Telephone Number(s), IP Address, Driver’s License Number/Other Government Number (GST/VAT), Tax Exemption Status, Bank Account Numbers, Debit/Credit Card Number & Information, Customer Identification.
Source of Personal Information
Purchase/Sale Information, Account/Mailing List Registration, Cookie, Web Beacon, Other Technologies, Transaction Details You Provide to Our Customer Service Teams, Information We Receive from Vendors.
Purpose of Collection
Complete Purchase/Sales Transactions, Customer Service Issues, Marketing, Legal and Regulatory Obligations
Legal Grounds for Collection
Consent, Necessary for Performance of Contract, Compliance with Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interest.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Internet or Other Similar Network Activity
Specific Personal Information
Browsing History, Search History, Other Information Related to Our Consumer’s Interactions with Our Website, Application, and/or Advertisements, including (1) Buyer Usage Activities (adding/removing products from checkout; currency used for purchase) and Analytics, (2) Vendor Platform Usage Activities (submissions, clicks on navigation links, video usage and duration, page views, search requests, time spent on page, cursor movement, clicks on any “get support” or “sign up” buttons) and Analytics.
Source of Personal Information
Purchase/Sale Information, Cookie, Web Beacon, Other Technologies, Third Party Sources.
Purpose of Collection
Complete Purchase/Sale Transactions, Marketing, Understand Our Customers, Improve Our Products/Usage and Data Analytics.
Legal Grounds for Collection
Consent, Necessary for Performance of Contract, Compliance with Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interest.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Commercial Information
Specific Personal Information
Records of Products or Services Purchased, Obtained, or Considered.
Source of Personal Information
Purchase/Sale Information.
Purpose of Collection
Complete Purchase/Sale Transactions.
Legal Grounds for Collection
Consent, Necessary for Performance of Contract, Compliance with Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interest.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Geolocation Data
Specific Personal Information
Location of the Individual and Device Used to Access Our Website.
Source of Personal Information
Purchase/Sale Information, Account/Mailing List Registration, Cookie, Web Beacon, Other Technologies.
Purpose of Collection
Complete Purchase/Sale Transactions, Marketing, Legal and Regulatory Obligations.
Legal Grounds for Collection
Consent, Necessary for Performance of Contract, Compliance with Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interest.
Marketing Communications
.  We may send you email marketing communication about FastSpring products and services, invite you to participate in our events or surveys, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, provided that we do so in accordance with the consent requirements that are imposed by applicable law. You may opt out of receiving marketing communication at any time.
Our Use of Anonymous Information.
We may use anonymous information (i.e. information that does not allow direct or indirect identification of the individual to whom such information relates) collected by us:
to personalize and support your use of this Ecommerce Engine, our services, and/or the services of our partners;
to improve this Ecommerce Engine, the customer experience, our advertising systems, and our products and services;
for fraud prevention purposes, such as device fingerprinting;
to identify actions or transactions as originating through an affiliate marketing or referral program;
to deliver targeted advertisements on this Ecommerce Engine and other Websites and/or ecommerce solutions;
to provide reporting to our current and prospective partners and service providers; and
for statistical or research and analysis purposes.
In addition, we may anonymize Personal Information by removing any information that identifies you specifically, and use the rest for the purposes set forth above.
3. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
A cookie is a commonly used automated data collection tool. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or device by websites that you visit or HTML-formatted emails you open, in order to make websites work, or to work more efficiently. We may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags or other similar technologies on our Websites or emails to, among other things:
Tailor information presented to you based on your browsing preferences, such as language and geographical region;
Collect statistics regarding your Website usage;
Provide us with information to support technical functionality of service, improve the Website experience and measure marketing effectiveness; and
In some cases, to enable a third party to deliver future advertising for our products and services to you when you visit certain Websites owned by such third parties.
There are several different kinds of cookies, and should we be deploying cookies we (or a third party provider be deploying them in connection with our ecommerce activities) would be using one of the following common types of cookies, which may be persistent cookies or session cookies:
Essential cookies
are necessary to provide you with services and features available through our Websites. Without these cookies, services you may need, such as shopping carts or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Analytics or customization cookies
collect information that is either used in aggregate form to help us understand how the Website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize the Website for you.
Advertising cookies and tracking scripts
are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly delivered and, in some cases, featuring ads based on your interests.
If the Website includes a cookie management tool, you will typically find a hover button at the bottom of your screen. If in the future you do not wish to receive cookies, you may be able to refuse them by adjusting your browser settings to reject cookies. If you do so, we may be unable to offer you some of our functionalities, services or support. If you have previously visited our Websites, you may also have to delete any existing cookies from your browser.
Do-Not-Track.
There are different ways you can prevent tracking of your online activity. One of them is setting a preference in your browser that alerts websites you visit that you do not want them to collect certain information about you. This is referred to as a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) signal. Please note that our Websites may not recognize or take action in response to DNT signals from web browsers. At this time, there is no universally accepted standard for what a company should do when a DNT signal is detected. In the event a final standard is established, we will assess how to appropriately respond to these signals. For more detailed information about cookies, Do-Not-Track and other tracking technologies, please visit
http://www.youronlinechoices.com
.
Third Party Data Collection.
This may also include cookies placed by third parties, to deliver tailored information and content which may be of interest to you, such as promotions or offerings, when you visit third party websites after you have left our Websites. We do not permit these third parties to collect Personal Information about you (such as email address) on our Website, nor do we share with them any Personal Information about you.
Social Media Features and Widgets
.  Our Websites may include social media features, such as Facebook’s “Like” button, and widgets, such as the “Share This” button. These features are usually recognizable by their third-party brand or logo and may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and set a cookie to enable the feature to work properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Currently, we use the features and widgets (“
Plugins
”) of Facebook, Google, Twitter, and LinkedIn offered by the companies Facebook Inc., Google Inc., Twitter Inc. and LinkedIn Corporation (“
Providers
”).
Facebook is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“
Facebook
”). You will find an overview on Facebook’s Plugins and what they look like here:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins
Google+ is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“
Google
”). You will find an overview on Google’s Plugins and what they look like here:
https://developers.google.com/+/web/
Twitter is operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (“
Twitter
”). You will find an overview on Twitter’s Plugins and what they look like here:
https://twitter.com/about/resources/buttons
LinkedIn is operated by LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale CA 94085, USA (“
LinkedIn
”). You will find an overview on LinkedIn’s Plugin and what they look like here:
https://developer.linkedin.com/plugins
When you access one of our Websites, which contains a Plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection with the servers of Facebook, Google, Twitter, and LinkedIn. The content of the Plugin is transferred by the respective Provider directly to your browser, which then integrates it into the Website. Integration of the Plugin allows the Provider to receive the information that you have accessed the respective Website even if you do not maintain a profile with that Provider or if you are not logged in at the moment. This information (including your IP address) will be transferred by your browser directly to the Provider in the U.S. and stored there. If you are logged in with one of the Providers’ services, they will be able to assign your visit on our Website to your profile with the respective Provider. If you interact with any of the Plugins, e.g. by pressing the ‟Like” or the ‟+1” button, this information will also be sent directly to the server of the Provider and stored there. The information will also be published in the social network on your respective account, e.g. Twitter, and displayed to your contacts there.
For more information on the purpose and extent of the data acquisition and how data are processed and used by the respective Provider as well as regarding your rights and optional settings to protect your privacy, please refer to the privacy policies of the respective Provider:
Privacy Policy of Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Privacy Policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Privacy Policy of Twitter:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Privacy Policy of LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
If you do not want Google, Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn to allocate data collected on our Websites to your profile in their service, you must log out of the respective service before visiting our Website. You can prevent the loading of the Plugins completely by using Add-Ons for your browser, e.g. the script-blocker ‟NoScript” (
http://noscript.net/
).
If you accept a session or persistent cookie, you can delete it at any time through your web browser (e.g., as soon as you leave our Ecommerce Engine).  If you do not wish to receive cookies or wish to manage when you accept cookies in general, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. Although you are not required to accept our cookies, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features and functionality of this Ecommerce Engine.
We and our partners use third party service providers in connection with this Ecommerce Engine and our business to gather user metrics and usage data. These service providers may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Ecommerce Engine or to a Website, your interaction with our Ecommerce Engine or that Website, and the products and services offered by us, our partners and our suppliers through the use of cookies, pixel tags, JavaScript code or other web technologies. This information may be transferred to servers in the U.S. and stored there. We and our partners may use this anonymous information to provide targeted advertisements to you for goods and services, for marketing analysis, and for quality improvement purposes. Currently, we use the following web tracking services:
Google Analytics
: Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website will normally be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will shorten the IP address in EU Member States or other countries of the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. On behalf of the Website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity for Website operators and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage to the Website provider. Google will not associate the IP address transmitted by your browser with any other data stored by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website. Furthermore, you can prevent the acquisition of data collected by cookies and relating to your use of the Website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. Please note that on this Website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp”. This allows to process IP addresses in a shortened form to exclude direct reference to a specific person. For more information provided by Google:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
.
In any case, if you want to manage, deactivate or authorize the cookies, you can use the below links:
Internet Explorer :
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Chrome :
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=en
Safari :
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265
Mozilla :
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Opera :
http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.html
4. Sharing Your Personal Information.
We may share your Personal Information in a limited number of circumstances, including with:
Our Partners.
When we make products available for sale through an Ecommerce Engine, we are doing so as an independent ecommerce reSeller of, or service provider for, the partner whose name and/or logo appears as part of the particular Ecommerce Engine. In connection with your purchase of a product or service through an online store we operate that is co-branded with our partner’s branding, we will provide certain of the Personal Information and/or anonymous information you provide in connection with your purchase to that partner for reporting purposes, to allow our partner or its service provider to register your purchase, to enable your access to products or services provided by our partner or its suppliers, to facilitate warranty, technical support or after-sales service, to allow our partner or its subcontractor to send communications to you if you have previously consented to receive them, to allow our partner or its service provider to provide services in connection with this Ecommerce Engine such as customer support or single sign-on functionality on this Ecommerce Engine and our partner’s Website, or for similar purposes in order to fulfill obligations to you. We may also provide certain of the Personal Information you provide in connection with your purchase to the publisher or manufacturer of a product you purchase, or operator of a service for which you purchase a service use right from us, if different than the partner whose name and/or logo appears on this Ecommerce Engine.  The privacy policy of our partner, and of the publisher, manufacturer or operator of the product or service you purchase, will govern how that party uses and protects any of your Personal Information that we provide to them.
Our Service Providers
. We use other companies, which may include but are not limited to present or future corporate affiliates, to provide joint services or certain services to us or on our behalf and help us to operate our business. We may share your information with our service providers in connection with their provision of services to us. We may also allow these companies to use anonymous information, and to use aggregated Personal Information on an anonymous basis (i.e., where the aggregated data cannot identify you personally), for their business purposes.  We will not share your Personal Information with our affiliates or unrelated third parties to use for their own marketing purposes without your consent. We select our partners and service providers on the basis of their security and confidentiality commitments and their compliance with data protection laws.
To Comply With Legal Requirements, Cooperate With Law Enforcement, Prevent Fraud and Other Crimes, and Protect Legal Rights, Ecommerce Engine, You and Others
. To the extent not expressly prohibited by applicable law, we may disclose Personal Information we collect on this Ecommerce Engine without notifying you when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate: (a)  to comply with the law or a regulatory requirement; (b) to comply with governmental, administrative or judicial process, requirement or order, such as a subpoena or court order; (c) to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations (without necessarily requiring the law enforcement or government agency requesting the information to formally serve us with a subpoena); (d) to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; (e) to enforce a contract; to protect the legal rights, property or safety of FastSpring, its corporate affiliates, and their respective employees, clients and partners and agents, other users or the public in general; or (f) to protect your vital interests if determined necessary by us. In addition, we may review our server logs for security purposes, such as detecting intrusions into our network. If we suspect criminal activity, we may share our server logs – which contain visitors’ IP addresses – with the appropriate investigative authorities who may use that information to trace and identify individuals. We also reserve the right to report to appropriate law enforcement or government agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe are or may be in violation of applicable laws, rules or regulations without providing notice to you. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). We may be required to disclose Personal Information that we handle under the Privacy Shield in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In Connection With Corporate Events/Transitions
. If one of our corporate affiliates or a third party has acquired our business, specific assets or the business of one of our operating divisions through which you have provided information to us, for example, as the result of a sale, merger, reorganization, insolvency, dissolution or liquidation, your Personal Information may become owned by that company in compliance with applicable data protection laws. In that event, the acquiring company’s use of your Personal Information will still be subject to this Privacy Statement, any applicable Supplemental Privacy Notices, and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.
We do not sell your Personal Information.
5. Security of Your Personal Information
We are committed to keeping your Personal Information secure. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative safeguards reasonably designed to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access and disclosure. When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a financial account number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information. We encrypt Personal Information whenever possible and otherwise restrict access to Personal Information to those employees and individuals with a need to know that information.  It is important that you understand, however, that no Ecommerce Engine, Website, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse, for example, by protecting your password. Different countries have different privacy laws and requirements. Please know, however, that no matter where your Personal Information is collected, used, transferred or stored, if it was collected through this Ecommerce Engine, it will be protected by us in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement, any Supplemental Privacy Notices that apply to you, and applicable data protection laws.
Cross-Border Transfers of Your Data.
As we operate internationally, and provide you with relevant services through our resources and servers around the globe, sharing your Personal Information across borders is essential. Your Personal Information will be processed on the computer servers (currently Amazon Web Services) in the United States of America on which our Ecommerce Engine is hosted.  In some cases, we may transmit your Personal Information to (i) third party data processors or (ii) product manufacturers, licensors and/or suppliers for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement. To the extent required by applicable data protection laws, we have executed standard contractual clauses to effect the lawful cross-border transfer of personal information.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) Compliance.
FastSpring complies with the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. FastSpring has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF program Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, FastSpring commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. European Union individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact FastSpring at
privacy@fastspring.com
.
FastSpring has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
As explained here we sometimes provide Personal Information to third parties to perform services on our behalf. If we transfer Personal Information received under the EU-U.S. DPF to a third party, the third party’s access, use, and disclosure of the Personal Information must also be in compliance with our EU-U.S. DPF obligations. Therefore, third parties that use our products explicitly agree to abide by the EU-U.S. DPF or otherwise agree to execute the Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission for the purposes of transferring Personal Information from the EU to non-adequate countries outside the EU.
Where the EU-U.S. DPF is not applicable, including when there are transfers from the United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland, FastSpring executes the Standard Contractual Clauses for the purposes of lawful transfer of personal data as set out in European Commission Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021, as well as the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as issued by the UK Information Commissioner under S119A(1) Data Protection Act 2018 (as applicable to any transfers from the UK to non-adequate third countries).
Data Retention Policies
.
We will retain your Personal Information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information in accordance with applicable laws.
6. Your Rights & Choices with Respect to Your Personal Information
Your Rights.
Based upon where you reside, certain choices and rights with regards to your Personal Information may be available to you or your authorized agent under applicable data protection laws, such as the GDPR or California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
Access Request Rights
You have the right to request that we provide to you the following information about our collection and use of your personal information :
1. The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you.
2. The categories of sources for the Personal Information we have collected about you (e.g., use of cookies, third party, etc.).
3. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that Personal Information.
4. The categories of third parties with whom we share or have shared that Personal Information.
5. The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you (also called a data portability request), and
6. Information regarding any disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion, Rectification and Restriction Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete, restrict or, if you believe that our processing of your Personal Information is incorrect or inaccurate, change any of the Personal Information collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.  Once your verifiable consumer request is confirmed, we will delete, restrict or change, as the case may be, and direct our service providers to delete, restrict or change your Personal Information.  Your request to delete the Personal Information collected may be denied if it is necessary for us to retain your information under one or more of the exceptions listed in the GDPR or CCPA.
Data Portability Rights
In some cases, you may receive your Personal Information provided by yourself in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Right to Object
Where we process your Personal Information based on a "legitimate interest", you may have the legal right to object to the processing of your Personal Information.
Right to Revoke Consent
Where we process Personal Information based on your consent, you have the right to revoke such consent at any given time.
Post-mortem Right to Privacy
If you are located in EEA, you have the right to set instructions regarding the storage, deletion or communication of your Personal Information after your death.
Right to Complain
You have the legal right to lodge a complaint with the competent authority.
If you contact us we may, for your protection, ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will provide the access you request, correct or delete any inaccurate Personal Information you discover, cease the processing of your Personal Information and implement your guidelines. We reserve the right, however, to limit or deny your request to the extent permitted by applicable law if the disclosure may lead to a breach of applicable law and regulation, e.g. in case of any legal obligation to retain certain data, or if you have failed to provide sufficient evidence to verify your identity.
Your Choices.
FastSpring respects your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose information about you. We generally ask you to indicate your choices at the time, and on the page, where you provide your Personal Information. When you provide Personal Information, we may offer you a choice as to whether you would like to receive further communications from us and/or from our partners via a box to tick for example, such as communications related to updates, upgrades, special offers and pricing. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you decide you no longer want to receive promotional messages from us, you may let us know by e-mailing us at
remove@fastspring.com
or by following any unsubscribe link in our e-mails; please specify which consent you are revoking in your e-mail to us. Please note, however, if you give us permission to add your contact information to our partner’s mailing list and later withdraw your permission, you will have to contact our partner (or use the “opt-out” provided in the e-mails our partner sends you) to have your name removed from our partner’s mailing lists.
7. Links to Third Party Websites
FastSpring’s Website provides links to third-party web sites, which are not under the control of FastSpring. FastSpring makes no representations about third-party web sites. When you access a non-FastSpring website, you do so at your own risk. FastSpring is not responsible for the reliability of any data, opinions, advice, or statements made on third-party sites. FastSpring provides these links merely as a convenience. The inclusion of such links does not imply that FastSpring endorses, recommends, or accepts any responsibility for the content of such sites.
8. Children’s Privacy
This Ecommerce Engine and our services are not directed at nor targeted to children under the age of 13. If you have not reached the age of majority or are not able to enter into legally binding agreements in your country, you may not use this Ecommerce Engine unless supervised by an adult.  Our goal is to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to collection and use of information from children as such term is defined by applicable laws. If you believe that we have received information from a child or other person protected under such laws, please notify us immediately by postal mail addressed to FastSpring’s Privacy Department, 801 Garden Street #201, Santa Barbara, CA 93101, United States of America or by e-mail at
privacy@fastspring.com
, and we will take reasonable steps to remove that information from our databases.
9. Changes to This Privacy Statement
We may occasionally update this Privacy Statement.  These updates may reflect, among other things, changes in applicable laws, rules or regulations, changes in our data collection practices, and/or changes to our business or services.  If revisions to the Privacy Statement materially affect how we may use Personal Information collected from you prior to the date of the revised statement, then we will request that you opt-in to the revised Privacy Statement via a checkbox for each new order/purchase. We will post an updated version of this Privacy Statement on the Ecommerce Engine with a revised effective date, to let you know that we updated the Privacy Statement.
10. How to Contact Us.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices, have privacy-related questions not answered online, or if you would like to exercise any of your rights outlined in this Privacy Statement you may contact us by any of the following means:
Online Requests:
You may contact us via our online form located
here
.
By Mail:
You may contact us by postal mail addressed to Bright Market, LLC d/b/a FastSpring, ATTN: Privacy Department, 801 Garden Street, #201, Santa Barbara, CA 93101, United States of America.
By Email:
You may contact us by e-mail at
privacy@fastspring.com
.  Please specify “Global Privacy Question” in the subject line to help us to expedite our review of your e-mail.
You may write to us in your own language.
Have any questions about FastSpring? We’re here to help!
I'd like to talk to sales.
I need to contact support.
I have a question about a charge.
Hi there! 👋 Have any questions about FastSpring? We’re here to help!
1
Loading video...
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. You may click "Allow & Continue", or modify your cookie preferences by clicking "Settings" below. Please read our policies regarding
Privacy
and
Cookies
GDPR
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Media Partners
Performance & Analytics
Settings
Save Choices
Allow & Continue
Our Use of Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Media Partners
Performance & Analytics
Our Use of Cookies
When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, secure our website from bots, ensure balanced server loads, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please refer to our
Privacy
and
Cookies
policies.
Always Active
Strictly necessary cookies are required for our website to function properly and to provide users with a functional and elegant experience. As a result, you may not opt-out of this category of cookie. Information about how to block all cookies from loading in your browser can be found here:
https://www.cookiesandyou.com/disable-cookies/
, however this is not recommended as it will break many web experiences.
For a full list of the Strictly Necessary cookies we use, visit
our Cookie Policy
.
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies support the features and user interface that you, the user, experience while browsing our website. For example, these cookies may be used when displaying our online chat feature, or anonymously analyzing site usage with metrics such as what pages get the most visits or which navigation links are clicked on most frequently. Depending on your geographic region you may be able to opt out of Functional Cookies, but some elements of our website may not function properly.
For a full list of the Functional cookies we use, visit
our Cookie Policy
.
Media Partners
These cookies are used to track the performance of FastSpring’s advertising efforts, and to improve the accuracy of ads that we place on external websites. For example, if you visit fastspring.com and then leave, a cookie may be used to show you an ad promoting FastSpring’s services on external websites. You may opt-out of these cookies by disabling the Media Partner cookie category with the toggle switch in the Cookie Preference center.
For a full list of the Media Partner cookies we use, visit
our Cookie Policy
Performance & Analytics
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 13
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf:
Education Foundation
Consumer Federation of California
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
—updated July 29, 2015
The first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy, the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) went into effect in 2004. It was amended in 2013 to require new privacy disclosures regarding tracking of online visits.
CalOPPA applies to any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) whose website collects personally identifiable information from California consumers. CalOPPA requires the website to feature a conspicuous privacy policy stating exactly what information is collected and with whom it is shared; it also requires the operator of the website or online service to comply with the site’s privacy policy. Those who fail to do so are at risk of civil litigation under the state’s Unfair Competition Law.
Who does CalOPPA apply to?
CalOPPA applies to any person or entity that owns or operates a commercial website or online service that “collects and maintains personally identifiable information from a consumer residing in California who uses or visits” said website or online service. CalOPPA does not apply to Internet service providers or similar entities that transmit or store personally identifiable information for a third party.
In 2012, the California Attorney General’s Office specifically applied CalOPPA to mobile applications for smartphones and tablets that collect personally identifiable information. Hundreds of apps providers were notified that they were in violation of CalOPPA, and they were given 30 days to submit compliance plans or face fines of up to $2,500 for each time their app was downloaded.
What is “personally identifiable information”?
As legally defined, “personally identifiable information” refers to details collected on the Internet about an individual consumer, including an individual’s first and last name, a physical street address, an email address, a telephone number, a Social Security number, or any other information that permits a specific individual to be contacted physically or online. The term extends to details such as a person’s birthday, height, weight or hair color that are collected online and stored by an operator in personally identifiable form.
What is required under CalOPPA?
The operator of a commercial website or online service must conspicuously post a privacy policy on its website. According to CalOPPA, conspicuously posting a privacy policy means:
The privacy policy is shown on the website’s homepage; or
A link – via an icon that contains the word “privacy” – appears on the homepage and directly takes consumers to the privacy policy. In this instance, the icon must be in a color different from the homepage’s background; or
The privacy policy is linked to the homepage via a hypertext link that contains the word “privacy,” is written in capital letters equal to or greater in size than the surrounding text; is displayed in a type, font or color that contrasts with the surrounding text of the same size; or is otherwise distinguishable from surrounding text on the homepage.
CalOPPA also requires website operators to adhere to their stated privacy policy. As May 2014 guidance from the California Attorney General’s Office says, “It requires them to say what they do and do what they say – to conspicuously post a privacy policy and to comply with it.”
To be considered in compliance with CalOPPA, the website’s privacy policy must contain the following:
A list of the categories of personally identifiable information the operator collects;
A list of the categories of third parties with whom the operator may share such personally identifiable information;
A description of the process (if any) by which the consumer can review and request changes to his or her personally identifiable information as collected by the operator;
A description of the process by which the operator notifies consumers of material changes to the operator’s privacy policy; and
The effective date of the privacy policy.
An operator will be considered in violation of CalOPPA if it fails to post a privacy policy within 30 days after being notified of noncompliance. An operator who fails to comply with CalOPPA or with the terms of its privacy policy will be found to be in violation of CalOPPA only if its noncompliance is either knowing and willful or negligent and material. This means that a non-material (i.e., minor) but deliberate breach can give rise to liability. As a result, minor technical defects in the posting or the contents of a privacy policy could be a basis for liability.
AB 370 Requires New Privacy Disclosures
Assembly Bill 370 (Muratsuchi), signed into law in 2013, amended CalOPPA to require new privacy policy disclosures for websites and online services’ tracking of visitors, defined in the legislative analysis of the bill as “the monitoring of an individual across multiple websites to build a profile of behavior and interests.”
AB 370 was in part driven by the advent of “Do Not Track” computer coding, which can signal websites when visitors indicate they prefer not to be monitored. AB 370 is intended to bring greater transparency and consumer scrutiny to website practices, but it does not limit tracking.
As the bill’s author, Assembly Member Al Muratsuchi (D-Torrance) explained, “This bill would increase consumer awareness of the practice of online tracking by websites and online services, such as mobile apps. AB 370 will allow consumers to learn from a website’s privacy policy whether or not that website honors a Do Not Track signal. This will allow the consumer to make an informed decision about their use of the website or service.”
Under AB 370, privacy policies for websites or online services used by California residents (includes mobile apps for smartphones and tablets) are required to:
Disclose how a business’s website or online service responds to Do Not Track signals from Web browsers.
Disclose whether third parties may collect visitors’ personally identifiable information on a business’s website or online service.
Provide “a clear and conspicuous hyperlink in the operator’s privacy policy to an online location containing a description, including the effects, of any program or protocol the operator follows that offers the consumer that choice.”
What are the consequences of noncompliance?
CalOPPA does not contain enforcement provisions. It is expected, however, that CalOPPA will be enforced through California’s Unfair Competition Law (UCL), which is located at Business and Professions Code §§ 17200-17209. Under the UCL the California Attorney General’s Office, district attorneys, and some city and county attorneys can file suit against businesses for acts of “unfair competition,” which are considered to be any act involving business that violates California law. As a result, violations of CalOPPA may be considered violations of the UCL. Government officials bringing suit for violations of CalOPPA may seek civil penalties and equitable relief under the UCL. In addition, the UCL provides that private plaintiffs may assert private claims for violations of CalOPPA under the UCL.
Operators who violate CalOPPA may also be susceptible to actions by the Federal Trade Commission, which may bring enforcement action against businesses whose posted privacy policy is deceptive – that is, where a business fails to comply with its posted privacy policy.
____________________
Read more:
Online Privacy Protection
California Online Privacy Laws
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Recent Online Privacy Legislation in California
Protecting Your Child’s Online Privacy
Teens’ Online Privacy
Tips for Safe Internet Use
Is Your Computer Secure?
Frequently Asked Questions About Online Privacy
R
F
T
© 2025 Consumer Federation of California
About Us
CFC in the News
Privacy Policy
Cy Pres Awards
CFC Education Foundation
Employment
Contact Us