Free Click & Collect and pick up in 1 hour!
Free Click & Collect and pick up in 1 hour!
Free Click & Collect and pick up in 1 hour!
Your Store :
Select
Delivering to
Join to unlock exclusive pet perks
Incredible pet care That’s affordable too
Get them feeling like a million doggy-dollars
Natural food great value prices
Dog & Puppy
Dog Food
Tinned Dog Food
Adult Dog Food
Senior Dog Food
Dry Dog Food
Wet Dog Food
Raw & Frozen Dog Food
Weight Control
Natural Food
Grain Free Dog Food
Renal Dog Food
Pouch Dog Food
Dog Treats
Soft Treats
Natural Dog Treats
Chew Sticks
Rawhide Treats
Rawhide Alternative Treats
Dog Biscuits
Vegan & Vegetarian Treats
3 for 2 Dog Treats
Dog Toys
Toys for Dental Health
Toys For Tugging
Toys for Chewing
Toys For Fetching
Toys For Comfort
Activity & Stimulating Dog Toys
Puppy Essentials
Puppy Calming Products
Puppy Milk
Puppy Food
Puppy Bowls & Feeding
Puppy Beds & Blankets
Puppy Treats
Puppy Toys
Puppy Training
Puppy Coats
Puppy Leads, Collars & Harnesses
Puppy Pens, Cages & Gates
Puppy Healthcare
Puppy Grooming
Dog Leads, Collars & Harnesses
Dog Leads
Training Leads
Fixed & Slip Leads
Retractable Leads
Dog Collar & Lead Sets
Dog Collars
Dog Harnesses
I.D Tags
Dog Seat Belts
Dog Reflective Collars & Lights
Dog Beds & Blankets
Beds & Mattresses
Dog Blankets
Dog Mats
Dog Cooling Mats
Dog Bowls & Feeding
Dog Bowls
Raised Dog Bowls
Double Dog Bowls
Scoops, Mats & Accessories
Dog Food Containers
Dog Kennels, Crates & Flaps
Dog Carriers
Dog Kennels
Dog Crates
Dog Crate Mats
Kennel & Crate Accessories
Dog Flaps
Travel Crates & Accessories
Dog Health & Treatments
Flea & Tick Treatment
Worm Treatment
Dental Care
Skin & Coat Health
Ear & Eye Health
Digestive Health
Dog Joint Care Supplements
First Aid
Dog Anxiety Medication & Relief
Puppy Flea, Tick & Worm Treatments
Dog Health Supplements
Dog Grooming
Dog Shampoos, Conditioners & Sprays
Dog Brushes & Combs
Clippers & Scissors
Wipes & Towels
Dog Training
Training Collars & Leads
Toilet Training
Whistles & Clickers
Training Treats
Dog Anti-Chew Sprays
Barking Solutions
Dog Muzzles
Dog Coats & Clothing
Coats, Fleeces & Jumpers
Waterproofs
Cooling
Reflective
Poo Bags & Household Cleaning
Air Fresheners
Stain Removers
Carpet Cleaning
Poo Bags & Dispensers
Disinfectant
Scented Sprays
Wipes
Cat & Kitten
Kitten
Kitten Food
Kitten Milk
Kitten Bowls
Kitten Beds
Kitten Toys
Kitten Scratchers
Kitten Collars & Tags
Kitten Grooming
Kitten Health
Kitten Litter
Cat Food
Tinned Cat Food
Indoor Cat Food
Hypoallergenic Cat Food
Senior Cat Food
Wet Cat Food
Dry Cat Food
Frozen Cat Food
Grain Free Cat Food
Renal Cat Food
Pouch Cat Food
Cat Litter & Accessories
Cat Litter Boxes
Cat Litter
Litter Trays, Scoops & Sprays
Cat Litter Sifter
Cat Toys
Cat Laser Toys
Cat Chase Toys
Interactive Cat Toys
Cat Soft Toys
Catnip Toys
Cat Treats
Cat Bowls & Feeding
Cat Bowls
Cat Water Fountains
Cat Placemats and Cat Food Measuring Scoops
Automatic Cat Feeders
Cat Scratchers
Cat Beds & Blankets
Cat Beds
Cat Blankets
Cat Flaps
Cat Flaps for Glass Doors
Cat Collars & Tags
Cat Collars
Cat I.D Tags
Cat Health
Cat Flea Treatment
Cat Worming Treatments
Cat Dental Care
Cat First Aid
Ear & Eye Health
Digestive & Urinary Health
Cat Stress & Anxiety Treatments
Cat Supplements
Cat Grooming
Cat Brushes & Combs
Cat Claw Clippers
Cat Shampoo
Cat Carrier
Household Cleaning
Air Fresheners
Stain Removers
Carpet Cleaning
Disinfectant
Scented Sprays
Wipes
Small Pet
Small Pet Food
Rabbit Food
Guinea Pig Food
Hamster Food
Gerbil Food
Rat & Mouse Food
Ferret Food
Chipmunk, Chinchilla, Degu Food
Small Pet Treats
Cages & Hutches
Small Pet Cages
Small Pet Hutches
Small Pet Carriers
Small Pet Accessories
Bedding, Hay & Straw
Hay & Straw
Wood Shaving Bedding
Paper Bedding
Small Pet Supplies
Hamster & Gerbil Accessories
Cleaning & Maintenance
Feeding & Drinking
Grooming
Health
Small Pet Toys
Rabbit
Rabbit Accessories
Rabbit Cages
Rabbit Food & Treats
Rabbit Chews & Toys
Rabbit Hutches & Runs
Rabbit Bowls & Feeding Accessories
Rabbit Bedding
Guinea Pig
Guinea Pig Accessories
Guinea Pig Chews & Toys
Guinea Pig Hutches, Cages & Runs
Guinea Pig Straw & Bedding
Guinea Pig Bowls & Feeders
Hamster
Hamster Food & Treats
Hamster Chews & Toys
Hamster Cages & Accessories
Hamster Bedding
Gerbil
Gerbil Food & Treats
Gerbil Chews & Toys
Gerbil Bedding
Rat & Mouse
Rat & Mouse Food & Treats
Rat & Mouse Cages & Accessories
Toys for Rats & Mice
Ferret
Ferret Food & Treats
Ferret Cages & Accessories
Ferret Bedding
Ferrert Accessories
Ferret Bowls & Feeders
Ferret Toys
Chipmunk, Chinchilla & Degu
Chinchilla & Degu Accessories
Chinchilla & Degu Toys
Food & Treats
Cages & Accessories
Chinchilla Bowls & Feeders
Chinchilla & Degu Litter & Bedding
Bird & Wildlife
Bird Supplies & Accessories
Pet Bird
Pet Bird Food
Pet Bird Toys
Pet Bird Cages
Pet Bird Feeders
Pet Bird Health & Treatments
Chicken
Chicken Food
Chicken Feeding Accessories
Chicken Health & Treatments
Wild Bird
Bird Food
Bird Feeders
Bird Tables
Wild Bird Accessories
Pigeon Food
Duck & Swan Food
Fish
Cold Water Fish
Fish Food
Fish Tanks
Tank Decorations
Water Treatment
Filters & Filtrations
Fish Health
Cleaning Accessories
Tank Lighting
Tank Aeration
Tank Gravel
Tropical Fish
Fish Food
Fish Tanks
Fish Tank Decorations
Water Treatment
Filters & Filtrations
Cleaning Accessories
Tank Heating
Tank Lighting
Tank Aeration
Tank Gravel
Pond Fish
Pond Fish Food
Pond Maintenance
Fish Treatments
Reptile
Reptile Food
Live Food
Dry Food
Reptile Tanks & Vivariums
Tanks & Vivariums
Heating
Lighting
Decorations
Cleaning
Sand & Substrates
Reptile Health & Treatments
Offers
Dog
Dog Food
Dog Treats
Dog Toys
Dog Beds & Bedding
Dog Coats & Clothing
Dog Flaps & Gates
Dog Grooming
Dog Health & Treatments
Dog Kennels, Crates & Pens
Dog Leads, Collars & Harnesses
Dog Training
Dog Transport
Puppy
Cat
Cat Food
Cat Litter & Accessories
Cat Beds
Cat Books
Cat Bowls & Feeding
Cat Carriers
Cat Collars & Leads
Cat Flaps
Cat Grooming
Cat Health & Treatments
Cat Scratchers
Cat Toys
Cat Treats
Kitten
Small Pet
Bedding
Chipmunk, Chinchilla & Degu
Ferret
Gerbil
Guinea Pig
Hamster
Hutches
Indoor Cages
Rabbit
Rat & Mouse
Bird & Wildlife
Chicken
Pet Bird
Pigeon
Wild Animals
Wild Bird
Fish
Cold Water Fish
Pond Fish
Tropical & Marine Fish
Reptile
Reptile Cleaning
Reptile Feeding Accessories
Reptile Food
Reptile Health & Treatments
Reptile Tanks & Vivariums
Winter Wellness
Wild Bird
Christmas Gifts for Birds
Dog
Dog 50% Off
Dog 25% Off
Cat
Cat 50% Off
Cat 25% Off
Small Pet
Small Animal 75% Off
Small Animal 50% Off
Small Animal 25% Off
Fish
Fish 75% Off
Fish 50% Off
Reptile
Reptile 75% Off
Reptile 50% Off
Reptile 25% Off
Cooling
Cooling Mats, Pools & Fountains
Cooling Toys & Treats
Cooling Vests & Collars
Frozen Dog Treats
Clothing & Accessories
Travel Essentials
Health & Wellness
Toys
Small Pet
Wild & Pet Bird
Christmas Gifts For Dogs & Puppies
Dog Stocking Fillers
Christmas Dog Advent Calendars
Christmas Dog Jumpers & Accessories
Christmas Dog Stockings
Christmas Dog Toys
Christmas Dog Treats
Christmas Dog Coats
New In
Christmas Gifts for Cats & Kittens
Cat Stocking Fillers
Christmas Cat Advent Calendars
Christmas Cat Jumpers
Christmas Cat Toys
Christmas Cat Treats
Christmas Cat Beds
Christmas Gifts for Small Pets
Treats for Rabbits
Treats for Hamsters
Treats for Guinea Pigs
Treats for Birds
Wild Bird
Small Pet
Wildbird
Bird Feeders
Bird Food and Seeds
Dog
Grooming and Bath Time
Beds and Blankets
Harnesses, Collars and Leads
Toys
Flea and Worm Treatments
Cat
Grooming
Beds
Toys
Flea and Worm Treatments
Small Pets
Hutches, Cages and Runs
Food and Treats
Household Cleaning
Christmas Offers
Christmas Essentials
Bird & Wildlife PETCLUB Prices
Small Pet PETCLUB Prices
Cat PETCLUB Prices
Dog PETCLUB Prices
Pet Advent Calendars
Small Pet
Cat
Dog
Christmas Dining Essentials
Dog Christmas Dining
Cat Christmas Dining Essentials
Dog
Dog Beds & Blankets
Dog Coats & Jumpers
Dog Reflective Collars, Leads & Harnesses
Dog Safety Lights & Reflective
Dog Health & Treatments
Dog Toys
Cat
Cat Beds & Blankets
Cat Health & Treatments
Cat Scratchers
Cat Stimulating Toys
Cat Reflective Collars
Dog Carriers
Dog Crates
Other Travel Accessories
Dog Flaps
Dog Gates
Bird 75% Off
Bird 25% Off
Jollyes – The Pet People Privacy and Cookies Policy
Last Updated: December 2023
Introduction
Here at Jollyes, our customers are always our number one priority. In order for us to provide our customers with the best products and services. Making sure we take the utmost care of the data you share with us is extremely important to us. Your confidence that this data remains secure with us is of the highest priority. As part of this we want you to understand how we use this data to offer you the best possible shopping experience.
Our contact details
Name: Leonard F Jollye (Brookmans Park) Limited (trading as Jollyes – The Pet People)
Address: Jollyes - The Pet People, BW House, 1 Lea Road, Waltham Abbey, EN9 1AS
Phone number: 01992703010
E-mail: help@jollyes.co.uk
The type of personal information we collect and why we collect it
During your interactions with Jollyes – The Pet People, we will collect and create different types of data. The types of data we collect include:
Identity and contact information
This is your name, title, postal address, email address, telephone number and PETCLUB number/log in details.
We use this information to identify who you are and to get in touch with you.
Financial and transactional data
We collect your payment card details should you choose to pay by card as well as information about products you have purchase from Jollyes, where you purchased the product from (either a specific store or online), when you made this purchase, what you purchased and how you made your purchase. For deliveries, this will also include where we sent the products you purchased. We will keep a record of your PETCLUB points, or other benefits you might have collected as part of the transaction.
Information on how you interact with us in-store or online
We will collect information about you when you interact with us, either in-store or online. This is any feedback, reviews or surveys you choose to take part in, as well images captured by CCTV that we have in operation at any of our store locations. It is also information relating to your involvement in any accident or incident either in-store or in relation to our products or services.
Marketing data
When you interact with Jollyes online marketing, we collect information on how, when and what you have interacted with. For example, we are able to see when you open emails from Jollyes (you have the option to opt out of marketing emails from Jollyes by clicking on the link included at the bottom of all Jollyes marketing emails.
We also monitor how you interact with adverts from Jollyes while you browse the internet and third-party websites.
Location data
We may ask for your location data when you are using our website or the app. You are able to opt out of location tracking within our app.
Device data
We collect information about the device you use to access the Jollyes website and app. This information identifies your type of device, the operating system and platform it uses, internet protocol (IP) address, sign in data, browser, location, where you came to the Jollyes site from and where you go when you leave, how often you visit the site or app. This tracking is done through the use of cookies. For more information about cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.
Information about your pets
This is information about your pets, which is their name, date of birth, weight, microchip number, health details and images of your pet.
Further Information
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Device Data to calculate the percentage of customers accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you. In this case, we may have to amend the contract (or delay or cancel provision of the affected product or service), but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
How does Jollyes – The Pet People collect your personal data?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your identity and contact information, financial data, location data, information about your pets or other information on how you interact with us by filling in forms, placing orders or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
order or request our products or services;
subscribe to our PETCLUB;
request information to be sent to you;
complete a survey; or
give us feedback or contact us.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect marketing data and device data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. We may also receive marketing data or device data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our
Cookies Policy
for further details.
Third parties
We will receive personal data about you from third parties such as marketing data from analytics providers such as Google. Please see our
Cookies Policy
for further details.
Why does Jollyes – The Pet People process your personal data?
We process your personal data for the purposes set out in this section.
Legal basis for using your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
where we need to perform a contract that we have or are about to enter with you.
where it is necessary for our legitimate interest and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent where the law requires us to. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by
contacting us
.
Processing your orders and administering PETCLUB
We use your identity and contact information, financial and transactional data and information about your pets so that we can provide you with any goods or services you are after and process any orders or refunds you may have requested.
We carry out this processing in order to perform our contract with you.
Helping improve Jollyes and administering our business
We use your identity and contract information, financial and transactional data, information on how you interact with us, device data and information about your pets to help improve the way Jollyes operates and how we provide our stores, products and services, and to get in touch with you in the most appropriate way. We will also use these categories of personal data in order to administer our IT systems, for troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data.
This processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (to run and improve our business, for the provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud, to bring or defend legal claims, and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise. In some cases this processing may be necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
Marketing, and personalising your experience with Jollyes – The Pet People
We use your identity and contact information, financial and transactional data, marketing data, location data, device data and information about your pets to helps us build a better picture of you, as a customer, allowing us to offer you appropriate information, products or services we think would be relevant to you and your pets.
We also use this information to provide you information about your local Jollyes stores and services.
If you ever take part in a promotion or competition with Jollyes, we will use your identity and contact information and information on how you interact with us to manage these promotions or competitions that you choose to take part in.
From time to time Jollyes might manage or invite you to take part in customer research, this can include surveys and product or service reviews. Participation in customer research is optional.
This processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (to understand how our customers use our products and services, to develop them and grow our business).
Managing our relationship with you
We will use your identity and contact information to get in touch with you about products and services that you have purchased. We may get in touch with you by phone, email, post or by responding to interactions with you on social media.
Please note that if you choose to communicate your personal data to us via third-party websites or social media, do remember that we do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, or interact with us on social media, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of each website or forum that you visit or use.
Our communications with you will either be necessary in order for us to perform our contract with you or for our legitimate interests (to ensure that you are informed of matters that are relevant to our relationship with you).
Using CCTV and footfall counters
Please note that we use CCTV in our stores and car parks and we may use images collected by these systems to identify you or your vehicle when there is an accident or incident at our premises. This is necessary for our legitimate interests (to assist our investigations into any such incident or associated legal claims).
Our stores also have footfall counters, which allow us to monitor traffic in our stores. Footfall information does not identify you, is aggregated and is not therefore personal data. We use this information for statistical analysis only.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please
contact us
.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, but otherwise in compliance with this privacy policy, where this is required or permitted by law
Jollyes – The Pet People and Marketing
Promotional information from us
You will receive communications from us or about our products and services if you subscribed to our PETCLUB, have requested such information from us and you have not opted out of receiving that information. This marketing is necessary for our legitimate interests (to grow our business).
Third-party marketing
We do not share your personal data with third parties for marketing purposes unless you have consented to this when participating in a competition, survey or in another interaction with us, and do not otherwise send third party marketing on behalf of any other business.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
How we store your personal data and who we share it with
How we look after your personal data
At Jollyes we understand how important it is to make sure all personal data is handled appropriately. We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Transferring data outside of the UK
Some of our trusted third-party suppliers who process your data are based outside of the UK. When this is the case, your data is subject to protection. We ensure any third parties we engage with outside of the UK are based in countries that have appropriate privacy laws. We put contracts in place which mean they must protect personal data to the same standards as we expect in the UK.
Sharing your data with third parties
We share your personal data with external third parties which are service providers acting as processors based in and outside the UK, who provide services such as IT and marketing services.
We will only provide external third parties with your data for their own purposes (such as their marketing purposes) if we have your specific consent to do so (for example, if you enter a competition and tick a box agreeing that a particular third party can contact you directly).
Your personal data may be shared with law enforcement bodies if we detect fraudulent or potentially fraudulent activity on our premises or systems.
In the event that we choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets your personal data may be shared with affected third parties and advisers. Any new owner of our business may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
Your data protection rights
Under data protection law, you have rights including:
Your right of access
- You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
Your right to rectification
- You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure
- You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing
- You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing
- You have the the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to data portability
- You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Please email us at help@jollyes.co.uk or call us on 01992703010 if you wish to make a request.
How to complain
If you have any concerns about our use of your personal information, you can contact us at help@jollyes.co.uk
You can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data.
The ICO’s address is: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
ICO website:
www.ico.org.uk
You are offline. Some features might not be available.
Privacy policy
|
Jollyes uses cookies
We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. You can manage your preferences should you wish. By clicking on Okay you are agreeing to our cookie policy.
Okay
Manage Preferences