Policy summary
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
MixPanel
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data
Infrastructure monitoring
Sentry
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Supratude Limited
9 Luttrell Place
Cookridge
Leeds
Owner contact email:
privacy@supratude.co
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
Supratude Limited
9 Luttrell Place
Cookridge
Leeds
Owner contact email:
privacy@supratude.co
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      Tracker; Usage Data.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Infrastructure monitoring and Analytics.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
MixPanel (MixPanel)
MixPanel is an analytics service provided by Mixpanel Inc.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.
Sentry (Functional Software, Inc. )
Sentry is a monitoring service provided by Functional Software, Inc. .
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/:

Sub-policy 1
https://sentry.io/privacy/:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Back to all legal docs
Business Associate Amendment
Data Processing Addendum
Privacy Policy
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Version
/legal/privacy/3.3.1/
of This Agreement was created on
May 31, 2024
.
Read what has changed
This Privacy Policy sets out how Sentry collects, discloses, and uses personal information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect when you visit our website at sentry.io (“
Site
”), use our products and services (“
Service
”), or otherwise interact with us (e.g., by attending an event or communicating with us). If you do not agree with this policy, please do not access or use our Site or Service or interact with any other aspect of our business.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to data submitted to the Service (“
Service Data
”). A separate agreement (“
Customer Agreement
”) governs delivery, access, and use of the Service, including the processing of Service Data. With respect to any personal information included in Service Data, the organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (“
Customer
”) controls its instance of the Service and any associated Service Data. If you have any questions about a Customer’s instance of the Service and any associated Service Data, please contact the Customer.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.  However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Policy, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
Table of contents
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
What does Sentry do?
Sentry offers an application monitoring solution designed to identify, monitor, and alert developers to errors, bugs, and other performance issues that are occurring in their applications.
For more information about Sentry, please see the “About Us” section of our Site at
https://sentry.io/about/
.
Return to top
What personal information does Sentry collect?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide
We collect information about you when you input it into our Site or the Service or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and profile creation
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, and set preferences for the Service. For example, you may provide your contact information, including your first and last name, email address, and password when you register for the Service. You may also have the option of adding an avatar to your profile to be displayed in the Service. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Service, including marketing and notification settings.
Sign in via other platforms
Instead of creating a user account, you can log in via your account with other platforms (currently Google, Github, or Azure Devops). We will not collect the password that you use for the relevant platform, but we may collect details from your account with the platform, such as username and email address.
Requests and inquiries
You may choose to provide us with information when you contact us about our Service or otherwise interact with us. For example, you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with our Service and send us screenshots to help in resolving the problem. You may submit your contact information to register for our events, to subscribe to receive marketing communications from us, or to make an inquiry through our Site. You may also provide content to us when you participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstake, activity, or event, including via social media and other content platforms.
Purchases
If you register for a paid Service, we will collect purchase information, such as the Service plan that you purchase and information related to refunds, credits, and cancellations, and your billing address and payment information. Please note that any payment information you provide is sent directly to a third-party payment processor. We have no access to and do not store your payment information.
Information that we collect from your device and usage
We collect certain information about your device and how you and your device interact with us and our Site or Service. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (together, ”
Europe
”), this information may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect will include information such as your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, operating system, software installed on your device, product keys, general location information (such as inferred from an IP address), and referring URL.  We also collect information about how you and your device have interacted with our Site or Service or with us via email, including the pages you accessed, features you used, Service you purchased, links you clicked, and when you accessed and for how long.
Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading
“Cookies and similar tracking technology”
below.
Information that we obtain from third-party sources
From time to time, we receive personal information about you from third-party sources (including social media and other content platforms, public databases, and from our business and channel partners and service providers).
The types of information we collect from third parties include name, email addresses, job titles, and social media profiles. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above. This helps us to maintain and improve the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, deliver personalized communications, and suggest services that may be of interest to you.
Return to top
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
We use your information for business and commercial purposes, such as to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Site and Service, including system administration, system security, and adding new features or capabilities;
Manage your account and send you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer care and support services;
Communicate with you about the Service, products, offers, surveys, events, content, and other news and information we think may be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Site and Service and our communications to you;
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, protect the rights and property of Sentry and others, and comply with legal requirements;
Personalize and improve the Site and Service and provide advertisements, content, and features that match your profile and interests, and remember information about your preferences for the Site and Service;
Administer surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, and other activities; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We may aggregate or de-identify information collected through the Service. We may use aggregated or de-identified data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any third parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and others.
Return to top
Legal basis for processing personal information
If you are based in Europe, we collect and process information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable European laws. This means we collect and process your information only where:
We need it to provide the Site or Service, including to register you as a new user, operate the Site or Service, provide technical support, and to protect the safety and security of the Site or Service;
It satisfies our legitimate interests, such as to market and promote the Service and to protect our legal rights and interests, which are not overridden by your own interests, rights, and freedoms;
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a legal claim, such as to respond to judicial orders or subpoenas; or
You provide consent for a specific purpose, such as for marketing communications (where consent is required under applicable marketing laws).
The legal bases depend on the type of information and the purpose for our processing. In some contexts, more than one legal basis applies. When we process your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before it is withdrawn. To exercise your rights, see
“Your data protection rights”
below. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g., your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Service.
Return to top
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
We disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Affiliate companies
who help operate and improve our Site and Service (including to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site and Service), offer other Sentry affiliated services to you, or who otherwise process personal information for the purposes described in this policy. The protections of this policy apply to the information we disclose in these circumstances.
Third-party services providers
who provide hosting, storage, support, payment processing, billing, communication, analysis, and other services to us, which may require them to access or use information about you. If a service provider needs to access or use information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under appropriate security and confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information.
Third-party go-to-market partners
who provide referral, sale, resale, or similar go-to-market services. We may disclose your information, like your name, email address, and job title, in connection with their services. We may also disclose information to these third parties where you have agreed to that disclosure.
Third-party analytics partners
to provide analytics services. These entities may use Cookies in the same way we do, to among other things, track and analyze data, and better understand your online activity.
Third-party platforms
when you, your administrator or other Service users choose to install or enable third-party apps, add-ons or other platforms for use with the Service. Doing so may give the providers of those platforms access to your account and information about you, like your name and email address, and any content you choose to connect with those platforms. Please note that when you use third-party platforms, your use will be governed by their own terms and privacy policies.
Any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
An
actual or potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger, or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this policy.
Any
other person with your consent
to the disclosure.
Return to top
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to understand and save your preferences, and to compile aggregate data about Site and Service interaction.
We may also allow certain third parties (e.g., service providers such as Stripe) to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Site or Service. Cookies may be associated with de-identified data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider in hashed, non-human-readable form.
You may refuse to accept Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of Cookies. You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your Cookie preferences at the browser provider’s websites. You can choose to disable Cookies, but if you do, your ability to use or access certain parts of our Site and Service may be affected.
We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals.
Return to top
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. However, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet, or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others. In particular, email sent to or from Sentry may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
Return to top
International data transfers
In some cases your personal information is transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Site and Service are hosted in the United States and Germany, and our affiliate companies and third-party service providers operate around the world, including in the United States, Canada and Europe. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of Europe and Switzerland, which have been formally recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” from the European Commission and Swiss Federal Administration, and “adequacy regulations” from the Secretary of State in the United Kingdom.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision or regulations, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this policy. The safeguards we use are the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses, the UK International Data Transfer Agreement, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. This is how transfers of personal information between our group companies and with our third-party service providers will be safeguarded.
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Functional Software, Inc. (our registered company name) participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the
“Data Privacy Framework”
) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information about you that is transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the U.S.  We have self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles for all information about you that is received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. We have also self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the
“Data Privacy Framework Principles”
) for all information about you that is received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles will govern.
As required under the Data Privacy Framework, when we receive information under the Data Privacy Framework and then transfer it to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Data Privacy Framework if the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose information about you under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view Sentry’s certification, please see the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have a Data Privacy Framework-related (or general privacy-related) complaint and we commit to resolve any such complaint. We have further committed to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to JAMS, a U.S.-based alternative dispute resolution provider.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint from us, or if you are not satisfied with our response to your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
Data Privacy Framework website
, including when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke binding arbitration.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Return to top
Data retention
We retain the personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).  In certain circumstances, we will need to keep your information for legal reasons after our relationship has ended. For example, we may retain your data for longer than the usual retention period when we have a legal obligation to do such, to deal with and resolve requests and complaints, to protect an individual’s rights and property, and for litigation and regulatory matters. The specific retention periods depend on the nature of the information and why it is collected and processed and the nature of any legal requirement. The criteria we use to determine the retention period include:
How long is the personal information needed to provide the Service or operate our business?
This includes such things as maintaining and improving the performance of the Service, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. This is the general rule that establishes the baseline for most data retention periods.
Is there an automated control, such as in your Sentry dashboard, that enables you to access and delete the personal information at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal information of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be appropriate.
Has consent been provided for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain the data in accordance with your consent.
Is Sentry subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need or legal reason to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Return to top
Your data protection rights
Depending on your location, you may have the following data protection rights.  To exercise any of them see specific instructions below or contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
You may
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing
communications we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you or otherwise following the directions in the emails.  You can also make choices about your receipt of marketing communications through the subscription settings in your account.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a supervisory authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. (Contact details for supervisory authorities in Europe are available
here
.) Certain supervisory authorities may require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Return to top
Children’s privacy
Sentry’s Site and Service are not directed to children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
If you are 16 or older, but have not reached your jurisdiction’s age of majority (such that you are able to enter a contract), you should only use the Service with permission from your parent or guardian.
Return to top
Third-party websites
The Site and Service may link to third-party websites or platforms from companies other than Sentry, such as to relevant online resources, social media platforms, our partners’ websites, payment processors, and other third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Return to top
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory, technical, or business developments. When we update this policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material changes to this policy if, and where, required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this policy was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this policy.
Return to top
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact by sending us an email at
compliance@sentry.io
.
The data controller of your personal information is Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry. Our address is Functional Software, Inc., 45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105.
Return to top
Supplemental notice for California residents
The Supplemental notice for California residents can be found
here
.
Return to top
A peek at your privacy
Here’s a quick look at how Sentry handles your personal information (PII).
×
Who we collect PII from
We collect PII about people browsing our website, users of the Sentry service, prospective customers, and people who otherwise interact with us.
What if my PII is included in data sent to Sentry by a Sentry customer (e.g., someone using Sentry to monitor their app)? In this case you have to contact the Sentry customer (e.g., the maker of the app). We do not control the data that is sent to us through the Sentry service for the purposes of application monitoring.
Am I included?
PII we may collect about you
PII provided by you and related to your
Account, profile, and login
Requests and inquiries
Purchases
PII collected from your device and usage
PII collected from third parties (e.g., social media)
Tell me more
How we use your PII
To operate our site and service
To protect and improve our site and service
To provide customer care and support
To communicate with you
For other purposes (that we inform you of at collection)
How exactly?
Third parties who receive your PII
We may disclose your PII to the following type of recipients:
Subsidiaries and other affiliates
Service providers
Partners (go-to-market, analytics)
Third-party platforms (when you connect them to our service)
Governmental authorities (where necessary)
An actual or potential buyer
What do they do?
We use cookies (but not for advertising)
We do not use advertising or targeting cookies
We use necessary cookies to run and improve our site and service
You can disable cookies but this can impact your use or access to certain parts of our site and service
How can I choose?
Know your rights
You may have the following rights related to your PII:
Access, correct, and update
Object to or restrict processing
Port over
Opt-out of marketing
Be forgotten by Sentry
Withdraw your consent
Complain about us
What can I do?
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy at Sentry, please email us at
compliance@sentry.io
.
If you are a California resident, see our
Supplemental notice
.
Read the full policy
Sub-policy 2
https://www.iubenda.com/en/privacy-and-cookie-policy-generator:
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the
cookie policy
.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept
×
The easiest way to
get Google Consent Mode
. Start measuring Google Analytics traffic and Google Ads conversions even when the consent banner is rejected.
Set up Google Consent Mode
Set up Google Consent Mode
×
IUBENDA PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY GENERATOR
The solution to draft, update and maintain your Privacy and Cookie Policy
for GDPR
FOR CPRA
for LGPD
for FADP
Easily generate and manage a Privacy and Cookie Policy that is professional, self-updating and customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages, drafted by an international legal team and up to date with the main international legislations.
Features
Legal overview
Pricing
Not sure what you need?
Getting started guide
Start generating
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
Watch our video overview
It's a requirement
Most countries have privacy laws that require you to include a
privacy policy
. iubenda makes it easy to comply with legal requirements across multiple countries' legislations (including the GDPR).
Policies are invalid if they're missing the right information
In order to be compliant, your policy must describe the personal data collected and the purposes of their collection and list all the third parties the data is shared with.
"Is my legislation covered?"
We make every effort to cover every country’s laws by adopting the strictest data privacy guidelines implemented in each country. We also regularly monitor all major global privacy laws (including the GDPR, the US's CPRA (CCPA amendment) & CalOPPA, the ePrivacy and Australia's APPs) to ensure that our solutions continue to meet necessary requirements.
Full legal overview
How it works
1. Customize
Create your Privacy and Cookie Policy by customizing from 2000+ clauses or by adding your own custom legal text. Our solution will guide you through.
Some popular clauses:
Google Analytics
Google AdSense
Facebook conversion tracking
Newsletter
2. Integrate easily
Integrate with your site or app by using one of our widgets or by integrating straight into the body via JS or API. The policy is hosted on our servers so that both you and our international legal team can keep it updated.
5 reasons why we host your policy
3. Manage and auto-update
Need to add a new analytics service or advertising network to your policy? Launching a newsletter or expanding to a new language? Use our dashboard to make changes in one click, while relying on our legal team pushing updates when the law changes.
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator for the GDPR, ePrivacy and CPRA
We help you meet complex legislation-specific requirements at the click of a button.
For the GDPR and ePrivacy (EU Cookie Law)
More on 360° GDPR Compliance
The GDPR can apply to you whether or not you reside in the EU or have EU users and consequences of non-compliance can be quite serious. Our
generator
takes the guesswork out of compliance and allows you to create GDPR and
ePrivacy
compliant Privacy and Cookie Policies in minutes!
Displaying GDPR related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Readily accessible from every page of your site (as legally required)
Seamless integration with the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution for IAB integrated Cookie consent management once activated within the generator + more
For the CPRA
More on 360° US Compliance
The often compared to the EU's GDPR, the Californian Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA/CPRA) grants additional rights to Californian consumers and places several new requirements on businesses, including disclosure and
opt-out requirements
. Our solution makes it easy for you to create CPRA (
CCPA amendments
) Compliant Privacy Policies by:
Displaying CPRA (CCPA amendment) related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Indicating services active on your site which might constitute a sale under the CPRA (CCPA amendment) definition (as legally required)
Automatically updating your embedded privacy policy with the CPRA (CCPA amendment) text once activated within the generator — no need to re-integrate the code on your site
Features and benefits
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customize from 2000+ clauses
The quality of an international legal team at the convenience of an online software solution
Updated when the law changes
Generate in up to 27 languages
White label
A dashboard to manage and make changes
App developer? We're optimized for the mobile store specific requirements
Redesigned legal documents for increased transparency, understanding, and clarity
Site scanner to auto-detect services in use on your website
Explore all features and benefits
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
“If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.”
Start generating
TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION
3114997 self-updating documents already generated
FAQ
Should my email newsletters contain a privacy policy?
Yes. Email newsletters should contain a reference to your
privacy policy
. You must also show a link to your privacy policy when users subscribe to your newsletter in order to inform the user about your data use/collection practices.
More on newsletter legal requirements
Can I just copy and paste the generated legal text?
From time to time laws and third-party requirements are amended and updated; it's important to ensure that your policies meet these latest requirements. For this reason, we use embedding and NOT copy & paste. With this method, you can rest assured that your policy is up to date and being maintained remotely by our legal team.
More on why we host your documents
Documentation and Guides
Getting Started Guide
How to Generate a Policy
Mobile Guide
Email/Newsletter Guide
See all Guides
Not sure what you need?
Read our
Getting Started Guide
Chat with us live
or
contact support
Or join us at
our next webinar
to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions
All our products are
WCAG Level AAA Compliant
Part of a 360° compliance solution
A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations
Overview
Pricing
For websites/apps
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator
Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes.
Customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution
Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework.
Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
iubenda is a Google certified CMP with TCF and Google Consent Mode support
For websites/apps
Terms and Conditions Generator
Create your terms and conditions in minutes.
Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in up to 15 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For organizations
Whistleblowing Management Tool
Provide an easy-to-use internal reporting channel as required by the EU Whistleblower Directive for organizations with 50+ employees. Instantly generate your forms to embed or print.
Collect and manage whistleblower reports from employees and other individuals connected to your organization while safeguarding their identities and ensuring confidentiality. Tailored for EU businesses and global organizations dedicated to ethical transparency.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Consent Database
Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and
CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs
via your web forms.
Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Register of Data Processing Activities
Document all the data processing activity within your organization.
To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
Enterprise
Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations.
Get in touch
Looking for custom documents?
Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review.
Get in touch
Become a Certified Partner
iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law.
More on the partner program →
;
Content is blocked
You denied the use of cookies or similar technologies for the purpose of functionality. To view this content, please update your consent preferences.