BLOG
INGREDIENTS
MEAL PLANS
SIGN UP
Privacy Policy
(Effective May 13, 2023)
Prospre develops applications to help people improve their nutrition, fitness, and wellbeing. “Prospre,” “we,” and “us” refers to Prospre Nutrition Inc. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to everyone that accesses any of Prospre’s web mobile applications, products, or other services.
This Privacy Policy describes:
what information we collect, how we collect it, and why
how we use that information and with whom we share it
how you can access, update and delete that information
how we protect your information
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may not use any of Prospre’s products and services.
Information we Collect
The “Information we Collect” includes the following:
Information that you give us directly, including:
Any information that you enter into any of Prospre’s applications. This includes, but is not limited to: your name, email, and profile picture when you sign in; your height, weight and age when you enter your personal statistics; your food consumption and food preferences when you track your diet; any recipes, meals, or other nutritional information that you provide; your fitness statistics and information when you provide us information on your progress.
Any information which you provide to us in correspondence. This includes, but is not limited to, any information you provide to us over email, phone, or other messaging services. This typically consists of any inquiries and/or complaints which you file with us.
Information that is collected automatically, including:
Analytics information from the applications. This includes usage statistics, IP addresses, language preferences, geographical location, device type and version, and crash reports.
Information from other sources:
Information we receive from third parties. This includes information from the third-party account which you use to sign in to our application, information on application analytics which Prospre receives from third parties, and any other information shared with Prospre via a third-party.
Use of the Information we Collect
Prospre uses the information we collect to:
Provide our services to you
Personalize your experience when using our applications
Analyze application usage to improve the user experience
Notify you about important updates to Prospre’s applications
Share with third parties for analytics and advertising purposes
To notify you about promotional offers and events
Evaluate the effectiveness of Prospre’s promotional campaigns
Notify you of any security breach
Comply with our legal obligations
Any use of your information which we collected that is used for purposes not outlined above will require your express consent.
Protection of Information we Collect
We are committed to protecting any of the information we collect, and we will implement technical and business security measures to protect it. However, in the event of a security breach which we are made aware of, we will notify you so that you can take the appropriate protective steps.
Children Under 13
Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to use our applications and we do not want to collect their data. We will not knowingly collect information on children under the age of 13.
Business Transfers, Acquisitions, Mergers, and Related Activities
In the development of our business, we may sell, buy, restructure, or otherwise reorganize our business and assets. In the event of a sale, merger, restructuring, dissolution, reorganization, or any such similar event, the information that we have collected as outlined in this Policy may be included in the transferred assets.
Dispute Resolution
If you have a privacy or data use concern which we have not satisfactorily addressed, please first contact us at
legal@prospre.io
to resolve the issue. Should we not reach a satisfactory resolution, we will then provide you with a contact for our third-party dispute resolution provider.
Deletion of User Data
Should you wish to have your information deleted from our servers, you may contact us at
legal@prospre.io
and we will have the data removed. The removal of this data may take up to 14 days.
Future Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may need to change this Policy in the future. When this happens, we will post the new Policy online, with the date on which it will come into effect provided with it. In the case of major privacy Policy changes, we will notify you at least 30 days in advance of the new Policy coming into effect. Your continued use of our applications, products, and/or services constitutes your acceptance of any changes to the Privacy Policy.
Contact Us:
Prospre Nutrition Inc.
Attn: Prospre - Privacy Policy
33 Greenwood Crescent
Mount Pearl, NL, Canada, A1N 3J1
‍
legal@prospre.io
Prospre
About
Partnerships
Support
Blog
Food
Recipes
Common Foods
Free Meal Plans
Meal Plan Generator
Info
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Cookie Preferences
Macro Calculator
Affiliate Disclosure: As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases from Amazon.com.
Copyright © 2025 Prospre Nutrition Inc.
We use cookies and similar technologies to improve your experience, personalize ads, and analyze traffic.
                  This includes sharing data with our partners like Meta (Facebook), Google (Analytics, Ads), and others. 
                  By clicking “Accept,” you consent to these technologies. You can manage your preferences anytime.
Reject All
Customize
Accept All Cookies
Select which types of cookies you want to allow:
Ad Storage
Allows the storage of cookies related to advertising and tracking for ad purposes.
Ad User Data
Enables sending user data for ads, such as user identifiers used in targeted advertising.
Ad Personalization
Allows the use of cookies for personalized ads tailored to user behavior.
Analytics Storage
Enables the use of cookies for analytics, such as tracking website traffic and usage patterns.
Personalization Storage
Stores information to provide personalized content, such as video recommendations.
Functionality Storage (Required)
Required cookies that allow the website to function, such as remembering user preferences.
Security Storage (Required)
Required cookies for website security, fraud prevention, and user authentication.