Privacy Statement
General information
The protection of your privacy is the utmost importance to us and we follow the latest privacy regulations through the European Communities (Electronic Communications Networks and Services) in terms of collection, handling and utilisation of data.
This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we process your personal data.
Mitchell McDermott Construction Consultants is registered under the company number 555699 with an address at 72 Leeson Street Upper, Dublin 4, Ireland
.
We act as the
Data Controller
when processing your data. For any data privacy matters please contact us at
privacy@mitchellmcdermott.com
.
The personal data that we collect is:
Name
Business Email
Business Telephone Number
Mobile Telephone Number
We collect information in the below ways:
When you make an enquiry with us
When you request information and advice
Through electronic correspondence
Online Forms
Employment CV’s
Utilisation of website
If you are using our website we do not require any personal data. However, in cases where we need your e-mail address, name and address as well as other information in order to deliver the desired service; for example, establishing contacts with us though our various forms. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than as specified in this notice.
General data transfer and data logging
We appreciate the trust of our visitors on our website. Therefore we deal with your data at the utmost accurateness. For the use of our website, you will not be required to enter personal data. Entering personal data will only be necessary when completing contact forms details. However, in special cases we will ask you to enter your name and address as well as other information in order to deliver the desired service, e.g. in terms of establishing contacts with us. We will advise you if it is necessary.
Furthermore we only save and work with data, which you provide on your own choice. We will never sell, market, disclose or share your data without your consent to any third party marketers; unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as is necessary and for the purpose(s) specified in this notice. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time.
Your Rights
You have several rights under data-protection law in relation to how we use your personal information. You have the right, free of charge, to:
Request a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Rectify any inaccurate personal information we hold about you.
Withdraw your consent where we have relied upon your consent to process your information.
Erase the personal information we hold about you subject to certain exceptions.
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source
Lodge a complaint with the appropriate data-protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal data.
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to do so as quickly as possible; unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
Cookies
To utilise the functionality of our website to the most productive level we use “cookies”, in order to recognise you during your next visit. Your browser saves the cookie on the hard drive on your computer. To protect your privacy our cookies do not contain any personal information. This ensures that the data does not give any information about your person and that it is anonymous. Most of the browsers accept cookies automatically.
However, you can certainly visit our website without cookies. If you do not wish the saving of cookies on your hard drive, you can select “no acceptance of cookies” in your browser. Please note browser setting vary from application to application. Please refer to your help notes within your browser settings.
About Cookies
Cookies are small files which are stored on a user’s computer. They are designed to hold a modest amount of data specific to a particular client and website, and can be accessed either by the web server or the client computer. This allows the server to deliver a page tailored to a particular user, or the page itself can contain some script which is aware of the data in the cookie and so is able to carry information from one visit to the website (or related site) to the next.
Are Cookies Enabled in my Browser?
To check whether your browser is configured to allow cookies, visit the
Cookie checker
. This page will attempt to create a cookie and report on whether or not it succeeded.
For information on how to enable or disable cookies, see
Enabling cookies
.
For information on how to delete cookies, see
Deleting cookies
.
Managing cookies in your browser
Most modern browsers will allow you to:
See what cookies you’ve got and delete them on an individual basis.
Block third party cookies.
Block cookies from particular sites.
Block all cookies from being set.
Delete all cookies when you close your browser.
You should be aware that any preferences will be lost if you delete cookies. This also includes where you have opted out from cookies, as this requires an opt-out cookie to be set. Also, if you block cookies completely many websites will not work properly and some functionality on these websites will not work at all.
Embedded content from other websites.
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the external website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Data collection and handling
If your web-browser automatically sends data like time and datum of access, URL of the referring site, recalled data, amount of data sent, type and version of the browser, system software as well as your IP-address, the data will be analysed for statistical purposes in order to improve the website. Any additional data will only be collected if the information is optional, for example during an enquiry or registration.
Marketing
Mitchell McDermott will occasionally send you relevant industry content by email that have been identified as being beneficial to our customers and in our interests. Such information will be relevant to you as a customer and is non-intrusive and you will always have the option to opt-out/unsubscribe at any time.
We will hold your personal information on our client management systems and use this to provide you with marketing information which we feel you might find useful from time to time.  We use Mailchimp a third party email platform, to share insights. Mailchimp has its own security and
privacy policy
.
Mailchimp uses email tracking. Email tracking tells us when you opened an email and what links you clicked on. We use this information to improve our communications, and include general information such as open and click-through rates to inform communications planning and reporting.
You have the right to modify or withdraw your consent at any time by using the opt-out/unsubscribe options or by contacting us at privacy@mitchellmcdermott.com directly.
Lodging a complaint
Mitchell McDermott only processes your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Mitchell McDermott only processes your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Data Protection Commission
21 Fitzwilliam Square South
Dublin 2
D02 RD28
Ireland
+353 578 684 800
+353 1 644 9650
https://www.dataprotection.ie/
info@dataprotection.ie
Contact us