Privacy -
Please enable JavaScript to view the full PDF
Privacy Policy This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Services. If you choose to use our Services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at www.projectalphabeta.com, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use We do not collect any data directly, since our Services do not have any type of authentication. We are not interested in collecting any private or sensitive data. For a better experience while using our Services, we may use analytics data indirectly given to us by our service providers. Service Providers We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: • To facilitate our Services; • To provide the Services on our behalf; • To assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. We want to inform our Services users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Log Data We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, our providers might collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics. Cookies Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive. Our website or apps doesn’t use any of these “cookies”. Security We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Links to Other Sites Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third- party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. Children’s Privacy Our Services might be used by children under the age of 13. But we do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. Our Services do not require authentication, thus we cannot identify, if a child is using our Services. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are eﬀective immediately, after they are posted on this page. Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Thumbnails
Document Outline
Attachments
Previous
Next
Highlight all
Match case
Presentation Mode
Open
Print
Download
Current View
Go to First Page
Go to Last Page
Rotate Clockwise
Rotate Counterclockwise
Text Selection Tool
Hand Tool
Document Properties…
Toggle Sidebar
Find
Previous
Next
of 2
Presentation Mode
Open
Print
Download
Current View
Tools
Zoom Out
Zoom In
Automatic Zoom
Actual Size
Page Fit
Page Width
50%
75%
100%
125%
150%
200%
300%
400%
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies
with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if
anyone decided to use our Services.
If you choose to use our Services, then you agree to the collection and
use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information
that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We
will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
www.projectalphabeta.com, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy
Policy.
Information Collection and Use
We do not collect any data directly, since our Services do not have
any type of authentication. We are not interested in collecting any
private or sensitive data.
For a better experience while using our Services, we may use analytics
data indirectly given to us by our service providers.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the
following reasons:
•
To facilitate our Services;
•
To provide the Services on our behalf;
•
To assist us in analyzing how our Services are used.
We want to inform our Services users that these third parties have
access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks
assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, our
providers might collect information that your browser sends to us that is
called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your
computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of
our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent
on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used
an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from
the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website or apps doesn’t use any of these “cookies”.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus
we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or
method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we
cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-
party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites
are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the
Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume
no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any
third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services might be used by children under the age of 13. But
we do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from
children under 13. Our Services do not require authentication, thus we
cannot identify, if a child is using our Services. If you are a parent or
guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with
personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do
necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we
advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will
notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this
page. These changes are e
ff
ective immediately, after they are posted on
this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy,
do not hesitate to contact us.
More Information
Less Information
Close
Enter the password to open this PDF file:
Cancel
OK
File name:
-
File size:
-
Title:
-
Author:
-
Subject:
-
Keywords:
-
Creation Date:
-
Modification Date:
-
Creator:
-
PDF Producer:
-
PDF Version:
-
Page Count:
-
Close
Preparing document for printing…
0%
Cancel