This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications developed by Pixel Box SRL (“Application”) for mobile devices.
Provided Information & Usage
The application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. The application may automatically record information created by your use of it. Aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application. This data may include information such as your ip address, operating system, mobile carrier, device and application IDs, advertising IDs, and cookie information. Application may also collect gameplay information (for example how you play a game) in an aggregated anonymized way that can’t be tracked back to you.
This data is used to measure, customize, and improve the application.
We may share your information with third parties but only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
Third Party Advertisers
We use a third party company, Purple Brain SAS (t/a Adincube / Ogury Ltd), to display advertisements that you may see inside our application. This company may use information about your usage of our application in connection with such advertising activities, including to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. In the course of such advertising activities, we may, on their behalf, or the third-party advertiser itself may place or recognize a unique ‘cookie’ on your computer or mobile device. You have the ability to manage tracking and ad preferences on your mobile device from your devices settings as well as from within the application when seeing ads or when prompted to give consent. Additional Privacy information for Adincube can be found
here
and
here .
Some of our advertisers enable you to purchase content such as ringtones, while others may allow you to earn virtual currency by watching their ads or filling out surveys. Our advertisers and their partners may collect additional information in the process of fulfilling these requests. Please note that this information may be used in accordance with the advertiser’s privacy policy.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Includes collecting, storing, using, sharing and performing any other action on your Personal Information, even for advertising purposes, according to this Privacy Policy. Information may be transferred, and stored in servers located outside of your country of residence, to third party countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) to be processed. Whenever we transfer your Information to another jurisdiction, we make sure that the international transfer of data is done in accordance with applicable law. Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize us to store and/or use the Information according to this Privacy Policy.
Request user data deletion
When you install and use Pixel Box mobile applications, we can collect and process some of your data for different legitimate purposes.
You will find below explanations regarding the reasons why we may collect data.
Why is data collected?
Pixel Box and its third-party partners collect data:
To provide you with the services you asked for
To run analytics and understand how users interact with our product and services to improve them continuously
The third-party partners that Pixel Box  will share the data with are:
GameAnalytics
Facebook Analytics
Adjust
Voodoo
Data deletion requests
To delete user data collected by Pixel Box , please reach out to using http://pixelbox.games/contact-us
.
If you also want to request the deletion of the data that may have been collected about you or your device by our third-party partners that are acting as independent data controllers, you will find below the contact for each partner and the link to the relevant section of their privacy policies:
GameAnalytics:
email:
privacy@gameanalytics.com
privacy policy:
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/#6-changing-or-deleting-your-information
Facebook Analytics:
email: none, please refer to the privacy policy
privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Adjust:
email:
privacy@adjust.com
privacy policy:
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
Voodoo:
Voodoo does not collect any of your personal data and only provides an SDK package to retrieve the data collected by the above-mentioned partners. You can still contact them to request the deletion of their access to the partners’ interfaces.
email:
dpo@voodoo.io
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us http://pixelbox.games/contact-us
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/#6-changing-or-deleting-your-information:
404: Out of Bounds!
Looks like you've wandered off the (site)map.
Teleport home
×
Our website uses cookies
GameAnalytics would like to use our own and 10 selected third party cookies or similar technologies for necessary, analytical, and marketing purposes. You can set your preferences by selecting the options below, and withdraw your consent anytime via the shield icon.
Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all
Sub-policy 1
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/:
English
日本語
Deutsch
Privacy policy
CCPA
Privacy policy
Last modified: October 2024
Adjust GmbH including all of its affiliates (collectively, "Adjust" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. With this privacy policy, we would like to inform you how we process your personal data.
The data controller according to art. 4 European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, managing directors are Andrey Kazakov and Egor Lukomsky.
Responsible for data processing in contracts with your respective contractual partner:
●      Adjust GmbH, Germany
●      Adjust Software Ltd, United Kingdom
●      Adjust Inc., United States
●      Adjust K.K., Japan
●      Adjust Beijing, China
●      Adjust Brasil Licenciamento de Software Ltda., Brazil
If one of our subsidiaries is the data controller and the registered office is outside the EU, its EU Representative is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany
If the data processing is subject to the UK GDPR and a UK Representative is required this is Adjust Software Ltd, 90 High Holborn, Holborn, London, WC1V 6LJ, United Kingdom
In case of any questions relating to data protection, please get in touch with us at
privacy@adjust.com
.
Our external Data Protection Officer is ePrivacy GmbH, represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer, Burchardstrasse 14, 20095 Hamburg. If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please send your request to them by post. Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company Adjust GmbH.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy). If you are a California resident, please also review our California Resident Privacy Notice ("CCPA").
1. Collection and Use of Data
Term
Personal data is all information relating to personal and objective circumstances through which a person may be personally identified. This may for example entail information such as your name, address or other contact details such as phone number or e-mail address.
Intended Use
We base the processing of your data on the following legal bases:
●      Your consent, if you have given us such consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR),
●      The initiation or execution of a contract with you (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR),
●      The fulfilment of legal obligations (art. 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR),
●      The implementation of our legitimate interests (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR)
When processing your data on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR, we pursue the following legitimate interests:
●      To present and improve our website
●      To estimate the size of our target group and their user pattern
●      To save information about your preferences so that we may adapt our website to your individual interests
●      To speed up your search
●      To recognize you when you return to our website
Furthermore, with this information we will be able to ensure the stability and security of our website.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
●      To present our Website and its contents to you
●      To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us
●      For marketing and advertising purposes
●      To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
●      To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it and to help us understand how the Website is being used (website analysis)
●      for other purposes that we specifically explain to you prior to collecting your information.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you may elect to unsubscribe and we will cease using your information in that manner.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, Germany, via email at
privacy@adjust.com
.
This privacy policy and the CARU icon shown on our websites and online services, confirm that Adjust, Inc. is a valid licensee and participating member in the CARU Safe Harbor Program (“CARU Safe Harbor”).  To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative.  CARU has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all Adjust’s websites and online services where this privacy policy is posted.
As part of the CARU Safe Harbor, we are subject to audits and frequent monitoring of our websites and online services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by CARU.
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact CARU at:
CARU Safe Harbor
Attn: Director
1676 International Drive #550
McLean, Virginia 22102
InfoCaru@bbbnp.org
PLEASE NOTE: CARU is not a data controller or a data processor for Adjust, Inc. and cannot process personal data requests made pursuant to CCPA. Please direct your personal data request directly to Adjust, Inc, through the link in our privacy policy under “Your California Privacy Rights”.
From whom we receive your information
We receive the information from you (including about the devices you use). In addition, if we do not collect the personal data directly from you, we will also tell you the source of the personal data and, if applicable, whether it comes from publicly available sources.
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about users who visit our Website via internet connection or through your device which you use to access our Website, including certain user details. Such information includes:
●      Traffic data
●      Location
●      Server logs
●      Resources on our website which you access and use
●      IP address, operating system and browser type
and information which is collected through cookies, web-beacons and other tracking technologies.
Furthermore, we are processing data with which you may be personally identified such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number and any other identifier with which you may be contacted online or offline ('personal data') insofar as you provide us with this data in our online form. Keep in mind that we also handle correspondence and process data to that respect.
Technologies, which we use on this website
The technologies we use for this data processing may include:
●      Cookies (or browser cookies). We, and businesses we work with, require cookies for some features of our website. Cookies are small files that your browser places on your device in a designated directory. These cookies can be used to determine, for example, whether you have visited a website before. They are deleted after the end of your visit. Other cookies ("persistent cookies") are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser and object to the use of cookies through your browser settings. Please note that disabling cookies may result in restrictions when using our website.
●      Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Adjust, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
●      Log files. Every time you access our Internet pages, your usage data is transmitted through the respective internet browser and stored in log files, the so-called server log files. The records stored in this case contain the following data: domain and location from which the user is accessing the website.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
●      Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletter, subscribing to our service, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or the Adjust technology,
●      Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us,
●      Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website,
●      Details of Website searches and button clicks are also recorded.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
Automated decision making (including profiling)
Automated decision-making - including profiling - does not take place.
Requirement or Obligation to Provide Data
Unless this is expressly stated, the provision of your data is not required or obligatory.
Duration of Retention of Data
We store your data:
●      If you have consented to the processing, at the latest until you withdraw your consent,
●      If we need the data to carry out a contract, at most as long as the contractual relationship with you or statutory retention periods are running,
●       if we process the data for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, at most for as long as the legal obligation exists,
●      If we use the data on the basis of a legitimate interest, at most as long as your interest in deletion or anonymization does not prevail.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
●      To our subsidiaries and affiliates for the sole purpose of providing our services.
●      To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business:
●      Provider of web analysis tools,
●      Web hosting and web development providers,
●      Marketing and advertising service providers,
●      E-mail and newsletter provider,
●      Service provider for editing and translations,
●      CRM system service provider,
●      Cloud services,
●      Payment service provider,
●      Conference and Webinar Software,
●      Service provider for online surveys,
●      Service provider for chat software,
●      Social media platforms.
●      To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Adjust's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Adjust about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
●      To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
●      For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
●      With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
●      To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request,
●      To enforce or apply our
terms of use
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes,
●      If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Adjust, our customers or others.
Unless otherwise stated herein, your personal data will be processed on our servers. If we have commissioned technical service providers, they will only process the data after having received express instructions and they are contractually obliged to guarantee adequate technical and organizational measures for data protection. Insofar as we refer to integrated services of other providers in this privacy policy, it can be assumed that personal data will be transmitted to the specified headquarters of these providers. These providers may be based in a so-called third country outside the European Economic Area.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
●      Changing the browser settings. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
●      Consent Banners (“CMP”). You can grant and manage your cookie and consent preferences via the consent banner provided. Please note that we base the setting or processing of personal data using cookies on your consent in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR, sec. 25 para. 1 TTDSG. In the case of cookies, which are absolutely necessary to make the website available properly, we base the setting of cookies on sec 25 para. 2 No. 2 TTDSG or the processing of personal data on our legitimate interest in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR to make our website available and to ensure this and its functionality and user-friendly design.
●      Opt-out. You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations
●      We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from, for example, members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's
website
.
How we protect Your Data
●      We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. All transactions, regardless of their nature, are encrypted using SSL technology.
●      The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
●      Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
●      Transfer between subsidiaries: We may transfer user and customer information to our affiliates and to third party providers for the sole purpose of providing our services.
Newsletter
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will process your e-mail address and data to verify your subscription. You can cancel your subscription at any time by sending a message to us or by clicking the 'unsubscribe' button in every email.
Your rights according to the GDPR
As the data subject, you have the right of access (art 15 GDPR), the right to rectification (art 16 GDPR), the right to erasure of your personal data (art 17 GDPR), the right to restriction of and object to the processing of your personal data (art 18 GDPR and art. 21 GDPR) as well as the right to data portability (art 20 GDPR). Furthermore, you have the option to file a complaint against the processing of your personal data with  a supervisory authority (for example, the data protection authority responsible for us, which is the Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit at
https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de/
, Art. 77 GDPR).
If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw the given consent at any time (art.7 para.3 GDPR) by sending us an email to
privacy@adjust.com
.  The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You can object to the processing of your personal data insofar as we base the processing of your personal data on our legitimate interests. This is the case in particular if the processing is not necessary for the fulfilment of a contractual obligation to you, which we in each case present in the description of the functions which follow. In case of such objection, we kindly ask for an explanation of the reasons for the objection against the processing of your personal data. In the case of your justified objection, we will examine the situation and will either discontinue or adapt the data processing or point out to you our compelling legitimate reasons based on which we continue the processing your personal data.
Of course, you can object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time.
In this case, please send an e-mail to
privacy@adjust.com
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, please review our
California Resident Privacy Notice
("CCPA") for information regarding your California privacy rights.
Transfer to Third Countries
If personal data is being transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area, we only transfer it to third countries where the EU Commission has confirmed an adequate level of protection or where we can ensure the careful handling of personal data by means of contractual agreements (Standard Contract Clauses) or other suitable guarantees, such as certifications or proven compliance with international security standards. Information on this is available from us upon request.
Data Privacy Framework
Adjust Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Adjust Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Adjust Inc. at:
privacy@adjust.com
If you are an EU individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see below) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Choice: If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Policy, Adjust will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of Personal Data should be sent to us at
privacy@adjust.com
2. Tracking Technologies on our Website
Google Analytics
We use the Google Analytics service of the provider Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland on our website.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service that allows us to collect and analyze data about the behavior of visitors to our website. Google Analytics uses cookies for this purpose, which enable an analysis of the use of our website. This involves processing of personal data in the form of online identifiers (including cookie identifiers), IP addresses, device identifiers and information about interaction with our website.
Some of this data is information that is stored in the terminal device you are using. In addition, further information is also stored on your end device via the cookies used. Such storage of information by Google Analytics or access to information that is already stored in your terminal device only takes place with your consent.
Google Ireland will process the data collected in this way on our behalf in order to evaluate the use of our website by the users, to compile reports on the activities within our website and to provide us with further services associated with the use of our website and the use of the internet. In doing so, pseudonymous usage profiles of the users can be created from the processed data.
The personal data processed on our behalf to provide Google Analytics may be transferred to any country in which Google Ireland or Google Ireland's sub-processors maintain facilities. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries".
In addition to the option to reject Google Analytics in our Consent Banner, you can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization enabled. This means that the IP address of the user is shortened by Google Ireland within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the IP address be transferred to Google on a server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by the user's browser is not merged with other data. You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
We use the Google Analytics 4 variant, which allows us to track interaction data from different devices and from different sessions. This allows us to put individual user actions in context and analyze long-term relationships.
The data about user actions are stored for a period of 14 months and then automatically deleted. All other event data is stored for 2 months and are then automatically deleted. Thereby, the deletion of the data whose storage period has expired takes place automatically once a month.
Google Ads
We use the online advertising program Google Ads of Google Ireland, Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”) on our website, through which we place advertisements on the Google search engine. When you access our website via a Google ad, Google sets a cookie on your terminal device ("conversion cookie"). In the process, a different conversion cookie is assigned to each Google Ads customer, so that the cookies are not tracked across the websites of different Ads customers. The information obtained with the help of the cookie is used to create conversion statistics. This tells us the total number of users who clicked on one of our Google ads. However, we do not receive any information with which users can be personally identified. When using the service, a transfer of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries". You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
Google Remarketing
We also use the Google Analytics advertising features (remarketing) from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. This function enables us, in conjunction with the cross-device functions of Google, to display advertisements in a more targeted manner and to present users with ads that are tailored to their interests. Via the remarketing, users are shown ads and products for which interest has been identified on other websites in the Google network. The function allows us to link advertising target groups created via Google Analytics Remarketing with the cross-device functions of Google Ads. In this way, interest-based, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to a user depending on previous usage and surfing behavior on an end device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another end device of the user (e.g. tablet or PC).
If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browsing history with your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be placed on every end device on which you log in with your Google account. The aggregation of the collected data in your Google account is based solely on your consent, which you can give or withdraw at Google. For these linked services, data is then collected via Google Analytics for advertising purposes. To support the remarketing function, Google Analytics collects users' Google-authenticated IDs, which are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data. This is used to define and create target groups for cross-device ad advertising.
Privacy policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Further information and setting options for personalized advertising at Google can be found here:
https://support.google.com/My-Ad-Center-Help/answer/12155451?hl=en&sjid=174251308182856932-EU
.
Google Signals
We use the Signals feature of Google Analytics, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google Signals recognises individual users using different devices (so-called cross-device tracking). We only receive anonymous data in the form of a report that shows patterns in user behaviour. Google Signals helps us to better understand how visitors interact with our website and to show more meaningful and personalized ads to these visitors after leaving our website.
For this, session data is being processed and linked with website visitors that
• have a Google account;
• are logged in to their Google account when they access the corresponding website; and
• have turned on the “Ads personalization” feature in their Google account.
If you do not wish to be subject to the Signals feature, you can deactivate the “Ads personalization” feature in your Google account.
The privacy policy of Google can be found here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Meta Pixel (formerly known as Facebook Pixel)
We use the "visitor action pixels" from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Meta") on our website. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to our website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Meta, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Meta may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with
Facebook's Data Usage Policy
. You can allow Meta and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. You can object to the collection of your data by Meta pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads in your account-settings. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://de-de.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that we have added to our websites to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to help us unlock valuable insights about our website visitors. The LinkedIn Insight Tag is offered by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions, retarget website visitors, and unlock additional insights about members interacting with our LinkedIn adverts. The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events such as page views. All data is encrypted. The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a visitor's browser until they delete the cookie or the cookie expires. You can opt out of cookies from LinkedIn on your
LinkedIn settings page
and recommend you read their
Cookie Policy
for more information. ​​You can find LinkedIn's privacy policy here:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (formerly Salesforce Pardot)
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement is a B2B marketing automation tool by Salesforce, which we use to keep customers informed about upcoming events, product updates/ new features, etc. This marketing tool is embedded in our website for general marketing purposes, including e-mail, social media, digital ads, web management and analytics. For this marketing tool, we use cookies to identify you when you visit and re-visit our website. With this tool we track different data points when you are using our website in order to improve the website content we provide to you as well as to improve our marketing campaigns and make their content more relevant for you. For more information on Salesforce's privacy policy, you can find their privacy policy here:
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
.
Hotjar
Hotjar Ltd. Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian’s STJ 3141, Malta, provides a service which analyses the online behavior of website users by combining analytics and feedback tools.
Hotjar will collect and process your IP address when you navigate through and interact with the contents of our website and to evaluate the use of Adjust Dashboard. The sole purpose for passively collecting this information is by means of the website analysis to improve your experience when using our website and Adjust Dashboard. Hotjar offers information on how users can stop the analysis:
https://www.hotjar.com/policies/do-not-track/
. You can find Hotjar's privacy policy here:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
Drift
Drift Inc., 222 Berkeley Street, Suite 600, Boston, MA 02116, USA, is providing a conversation-driven marketing platform. We have implemented Drift’s chatbot tool on our website in order to engage and communicate with website visitors interested in our services. For this, Drift records conversation data, IP address and contact information. Drift's privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy/
.
Microsoft Advertising
We use Universal Event Tracking (UET) on our website via the Microsoft Advertising service of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Via UET, Microsoft stores a cookie in the user's browser to enable an analysis of the use of our online offer. The prerequisite for this is that the user has reached our website via an advertisement from Microsoft Advertising. In this way, we and Microsoft can recognise that someone has clicked on an ad, has been redirected to our online offer and has reached a previously determined target page (conversion measurement). No IP addresses are stored in this process. No further personal information about the identity of the user is communicated either.
For more information on data protection at Microsoft, please refer to Microsoft's privacy statement at
http://privacy.microsoft.com/en/privacystatement
. Microsoft offers the opportunity to opt out under
https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/signedout?lang=en-US
.
6sense
We use 6sense, a marketing automation software on our website. The service is provided by 6sense Insights, Inc., 450 Mission Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States. 6sense enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with 6sense includes cookie and other online identifiers, names, email addresses, phone numbers, social media contact information, company names, customer status, industry and job descriptions, websites visited, location information, and commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by 6sense in their privacy policy at
https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/
.
G2
We use G2 Track Your Prospects, a marketing analytics service on our website. The service is provided by
G2.com
, Inc., 100 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606, United States. G2 allows us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with G2 includes the data collected by Google Analytics as well as data about your activity on our website as well as on the G2 website, namely cookie and other online identifiers, information stored in your G2 profile, information about your industry, customer status, websites visited and website usage information, location information, and likely commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by G2 in their privacy policy at
https://legal.g2.com/privacy-policy
.
Appzi
We use Appzi, a website visitor feedback collection tool on our website. The service is provided by Appzi, Inc., 2035 Sunset Lake Road, Newark, DE 19702, United States. Appzi allows us to collect feedback from website visitors. The data collected by Appzi includes the feedback provided by website visitors as well as information about your system (non-precise location, device type, operating system, browser type, screen resolution, URL visited). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Appzi in their privacy policy at
https://www.appzi.com/privacy
.
Demandbase
We use Demandbase, an account-based marketing service, on our website. The service is provided by Demandbase, Inc., 222 2nd St., 24th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. Demandbase enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with Demandbase includes contact details of our clients and prospects (first and last name, company name, title, email. address(es), phone number(s), business address.) and website traffic data collected via Demandbase Tag (IP address, cookie ID, HTTP header, website engagement information). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Demandbase in their privacy policy at
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy/.
3. Other Recipients
Cookiebot
We use the consent technology of Usercentrics A/S, Havnegade 39, 1058 Copenhagen, Denmark (hereinafter "Cookiebot") to obtain consent for the storage of certain cookies on your terminal device or for other actions requiring consent and to document and manage these in accordance with data protection laws. The purpose of the data processing is the analysis, management and proof of the consents granted, in order to comply with our obligation of a GDPR-compliant consent management.
When you access our websites, a connection is established to the servers of Cookiebot in order to obtain your consent and other declarations regarding the use of cookies. Cookiebot then stores a cookie in your browser in order to be able to assign the consents granted to you or their withdrawal. The data collected in this way is stored until you request us to delete it, delete the Cookiebot cookie yourself or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies. Mandatory legal storage obligations remain unaffected.
Among other things, your IP address (in anonymized form, the last 3 digits are set to 0), the date and time of your consent, our website URL, technical browser data, an encrypted anonymous key and the cookies you have allowed (as proof of consent) are processed.
The privacy policy of Cookiebot can be found here:
https://www.cookiebot.com/en/privacy-policy/
Gong
In our sales activities, we use the "Gong" service of Gong.io Inc., 265 Cambridge Ave, Suite 60717, Palo Alto, CA 94306, USA. We use Gong to record, transcribe and analyse video conferences between our sales staff and you. The service is used exclusively with your consent for the purpose of employee training. You will find Gong's Privacy Policy at
https://www.gong.io/privacy-policy
.
Facebook Lead Ads
We use Facebook Lead Ads from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. Users may submit their contact information to us through certain advertisements, which we then process for promotional and advertising purposes. For more information visit:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
LinkedIn Lead Gen Forms
LinkedIn, meaning LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Irland, offers Ads that allow people to submit their contact and other information to us ("Lead Gen Forms").  We process the data transmitted to us for advertising purposes. You entered data will also be processed by LinkedIn. For more information visit:
https://linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Amplitude
Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 7 or the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3). In addition, Amplitude tracks location data (e.g. country) and internal data (e.g. language, server upload time, session ID) that occur when using our Adjust Dashboard. Such events may, for example, be how long you were logged into our Dashboard and from which country. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use our Dashboard so we can improve the experience. You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
Rollbar
To better understand any possible errors in the source code of our dashboard, we share some data from our dashboard users with Rollbar, Inc., 665 3rd St Ste 150, San Francisco, California, 94107, USA. These data include the dashboard user's name, email address, and device information, such as a description of the error or bug the dashboard user experienced while using the dashboard. For further information please refer to Rollbar's privacy policy at
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/privacy-policy
.
Pendo
Pendo is an analysis service of Pendo.io Inc. 301 Hillsborough Street, Suite 1900, Raleigh, NC 27603, USA that we use to evaluate the use of our Adjust Dashboard, generate reports on activities, analyze behavioral metrics and improve the experience. The tool collects the Adjust Dashboard user name, email-address, country and region as well as usage data when using our Adjust Dashboard. You can find more information in Pendo's privacy policy at
www.pendo.io/legal/privacy-policy/
.
Facebook Page
We operate a Facebook page (so-called "Fanpage") on Facebook, a service of Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2,
Meta collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights," to site operators to help them gain insight into how people interact with their sites and the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices users use, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. for the collection and processing of data of visitors to our Fanpage. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our Fanpage, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities., art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. We have therefore concluded a joint controller agreement with Meta regarding the processing of your data pursuant to Art. 26 DSGVO. The agreement with Meta also regulates in particular which security measures Meta must observe and that Meta must fulfill the data subject rights.
You can find more information about page insights as well as information on how to assert your data subject rights in the "
Information on page insights
". You can view the terms and conditions of the contract concluded with Meta
here
. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
LinkedIn Page
We operate a LinkedIn page on LinkedIn, a service of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland.
LinkedIn collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights", to site operators to help them understand how people interact with their pages and with the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content that users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices used by users, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company for the collection and processing of information about visitors to our page. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our LinkedIn Page, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities, art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. We have therefore concluded an agreement with LinkedIn on joint responsibility with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with art. 26 GDPR. In particular, the agreement with LinkedIn also regulates which security measures LinkedIn must observe and that LinkedIn must comply with the rights of data subjects.
You can find further information on the Page-Insights as well as instructions on how to assert your data subject rights in the privacy policy of LinkedIn (
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
). The terms of the agreement concluded with LinkedIn can be viewed here (
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
).
4. Processing of data through the Adjust technology
We provide mobile analytics and attribution services to mobile app providers (our "Customers"). In connection with these services, we may process certain data from the users of these mobile apps (collectively the "End User" or "You"), as further described hereafter. We process the data upon instructions from our Customers and do not have any kind of direct relationship with the You as the End User.
Our SDK and APIs (collectively the "Adjust Technology") may process some of the following data from You as the End User:
●        IP address
●        Mobile identifiers such as the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), Google Advertising ID or similar mobile identifiers
●        User Agent
●        Installation and first opening of an app on Your mobile device
●        Your interactions within an app (e.g. in-app purchases, registration)
●        Information regarding which advertisements You have seen or clicked on
●        For the Fraud product additionally: sensory data including touch events, counting text changes, accelerometer, gyroscope, battery, light sensor, device hardware specifications and operating system version
We use the aforementioned data for providing mobile analytics and attribution services to our Customers, and thereby allow our customers to measure their marketing performance, to match You to their campaigns and to understand how You engage with our Customers’ apps. Furthermore, we enable our Customers to measure Your interactions in their apps in real time in order to see how You engage over their full lifetime. The aforementioned data is therefore processed in order to analyze the performance of marketing campaigns and to provide performance reports to our Customers. We do not combine the data with any other data that would enable us to personally identify You. Any information processed via the Adjust Technology is owned and controlled by our Customer who has implemented the Adjust Technology into their mobile app.
We do not share or disclose the user data with anyone else except with our server providers and in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement requirements. We store the data as long as our Customers are using the Adjust Technology because we need it to provide our services to our Customers, if not requested otherwise by our Customers. In some cases, there is a transfer of data to third countries outside the European Union. This is done on the basis of statutory provisions that are intended to ensure an adequate level of protection for Your personal data. For more information, please contact us.
Customers who have
child-directed apps
must choose the appropriate product settings and must not share any personal data with Partners or any third parties. Customers must agree to the section in our
Terms and Conditions
accordingly.
5. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.