menu
locations
contact
MATTO app
franchise
information we collect
In connection with the Services, we may collect the following types of information from you: Personally Identifiable Information (user-provided information) Personally identifiable information (“personal information”) is any information that may be used to identify or contact you personally, such as your name, email address, profile picture, gender, phone number, postal or other physical address. We collect any information you provide when you use the Services. For example, in order to provide the Services, we need to collect basic information about you such as your name, username, password, email address and other personal and business demographic, billing or contact information. Location-based services require us to collect and use your GPS data. We use the information you provide to provide you with the Services; to communicate with you; to operate, maintain, and enhance the Services; and to fulfill your specific requests and the requests of others. For example, information in your public profile may be visible to anyone. Information in your non-public profile may be visible to those on your Introduction contact list. We may also make certain personal information available as a function of providing the Services. For example, if User A wants to make an introduction between User B and User C, User A has to provide contact information for Users B and C so that we can contact them to make the introduction. By using the Services, you consent to your personal information being used and disclosed in this manner. Your personal information is not used for purposes other than providing the Services, unless we obtain your permission, or unless otherwise required or permitted by law or professional standards. Intromedia only collects 'sensitive' personal information when the relevant individuals voluntarily provide us with this information. Sensitive information includes personal information regarding a person's race, ethnicity, political beliefs, trade union membership, religious or similar beliefs, physical or mental health, sexual life or criminal record. Please use your discretion when providing sensitive information to Intromedia, and do not provide sensitive information to Intromedia, unless you thereby consent to Intromedia’s use of that information for its legitimate business purposes (including providing the Services) and consent to the transfer and storage of such information to and in Intromedia databases, and the disclosure of such information in connection with the provision of the Services. If you have any questions about whether the provision of sensitive information to Intromedia is, or may be, necessary or appropriate for particular purposes, please contact marketing@MATTO.com Non-Personal Information (automatically collected information which doesn’t identify the user). Non-personally identifiable information, such as IP address, unique identifier number, operating system, browser, search queries, and browsing history, is collected during normal use of the Services. We use browser cookies, storage data, JavaScript, web beacons, pixels, flash cookies, and other tracking technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information from users of the Services. The tracking technologies collect and pass the collected information with an anonymous unique identifier. Below is a more detained discussion on some of the technologies used to collect non-personally identifiable information. Cookies: When you use our website, we may send one or more 'cookies' (small data files) to your computer to uniquely identify your browser and enable us to help you log in faster and generally enhance your navigation through the website. Cookies save you time, for example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within the website, a cookie recalls your specific information on subsequent visits. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the website uses to track the pages you’ve visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A persistent cookie remains on your computer after you close your browser so that it can be used by your browser on subsequent visits to use the website. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser's directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. In addition to enhancing the user experience, we may use cookies to track traffic user traffic patterns. We do this to determine the usefulness and efficiency of our Services and its various pages, and to analyze traffic patterns, in order to constantly improve the Services and better serve our customers. Web Beacons: When you use our website, we may employ web beacons (small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously. No personally identifiable information from your account is collected using these web beacons. In addition, we may also use web beacons in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. The information is used to analyze the traffic patterns on the website, such as the frequency with which our user visit various pages of our website, which ultimately leads to improvements and better content in connection with the Services. Log Files: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you use our website, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit the website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
how we use your information
We may use the information that we collect from you to: Provide, operate, maintain and improve the Services; Enable you to access and use the Services, including uploading, downloading, collaborating on and sharing content and sending emails and text messages on your behalf; Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages; Provide and deliver the services and features you request, process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices; Respond to your comments, questions, and requests and provide customer service and support; Communicate with you about services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests and events, and provide other news or information about us and our select partners; Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Services and for marketing or advertising purposes; Investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities; Personalize and improve the Services, and provide content, features, and/or advertisements that match your interests and preferences or otherwise customize your experience on the Services; Link or combine with other information we receive from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; Enable you to communicate, collaborate, and share files with users you designate; and For other purposes about which we notify you. CHOICES If you opt-in for particular services or communications, such as an e-newsletter, you will be able to unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions included in each communication. If you decide to unsubscribe from a service or communication, we will try to remove your information promptly, although we may require additional information before we can process your request. As described in 'Cookies' section above, if you wish to prevent cookies from tracking you as you navigate our site, you may be able to do so by changing your browser settings. Note, however, that some portions of the Services may not work properly if you elect to refuse cookies. For this reason, we do not comply with “Do Not Track” and similar browser settings. ACCESS If you have submitted personal information to Intromedia, under most circumstances you have the right to reasonable access to that data to correct any inaccuracies. You can also make a request to update or remove information about you and we will make all reasonable and practical efforts to comply with your request, so long as it is consistent with applicable law and professional standards. To request access to or correction, updating, or removal of your personal information please contact us at marketing@MATTO.com.
information sharing and disclosure
Your privacy is very important to us. We do not sell or disclose your personal information to third parties except as provided in this Privacy Policy. Your information may be disclosed to third parties only in the following circumstances: We may disclose your information in connection with providing the Services. We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or subpoena. We may disclose your information if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) protect and defend our rights and property, our Services and/or users of our Services; (b) enforce the terms of use with respect to our Services (including investigation of potential violations thereof); (c) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or (d) protect the safety of users of the Services, us or third parties. These third parties may have access to your personal information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy. We may share non-personally identifiable with third parties with whom we work who help us deliver promotions, offers and ads, and to improve the relevancy such promotions, offers and ads. We may use certain trusted third party companies and individuals to help us provide, beta test, analyze, and improve the Services. These third parties may have access to your personal information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy.
cross border transfer
MATTO is a US corporation and may transfer certain personal information across geographical borders to other MATTO facilities. Intromedia may also store personal information in a jurisdiction other than where you are based and such jurisdiction may not provide the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country. By providing your information to Intromedia, you are consenting to this transfer and/or storage of your information across borders. Each Intromedia location is required to safeguard personal data in accordance with its contractual obligations and data protection legislation applicable to its provision of services. Your personal information will only be transferred if appropriate or suitable safeguards are in place. If you are located in the EU you may have additional rights. You can find more information below.
reorganization or sale of business
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal. We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
security
Your personal information is protected for your privacy and security. We safeguard the security and confidentiality of the data you send us with physical, technical, and managerial procedures. Please be aware that, despite out best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us.
third party websites
Our website may contain links to other websites owned by third parties. Your use of such websites is at your own risk and is subject to the terms of those websites. We have no control over websites that are not ours, and we are not responsible for any changes to or content on them. We assume no responsibility for the content of or services offered by linked third party websites, and make no representations regarding the accuracy of the materials on such websites. Statements made on third party websites linked to or from our websites reflect only the views of their authors and not of us Inclusion on our websites of any third party content or a link to a third party website is not an endorsement of that content or third party website, or any products or services offered thereon.
age restriction
In order to use the Services you must be at least 18 years of age. Persons under the age of 18 are not permitted to use the Services, so this Privacy Policy makes no provision for their use. In the event that a user identifies himself or herself as an individual under the age of 18 within the Services, we will not collect, store or use any personal information of such user. Further, in the event that we receive personal information that we conclude was provided by a person under the age of 18, we will promptly delete such personal information
public forms
We may offer chat rooms, message boards, blogs, bulletin boards, or similar public forums where you and other users of our Services can communicate. The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information (including personal information) in connection with your use of these public forums. We may use personally identifiable and non- personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum. Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone, including third parties that do not adhere to this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Services.
changes to privacy policy
We reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we modify this Privacy Policy, we will post the modification on the website and/or provide you with notice of the modification. We will also update the date at the top of this Privacy Policy. By continuing to access or use the Services after we have posted such a modification or have provided you with notice of a modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If the modified Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Services.
contact us if you have any privacy questions or concerns
For additional inquiries about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please feel free to email us at marketing@MATTO.com, or by following the instructions on our website.
join our newsletter
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
website by Chefly
©2024 MATTO. all rights reserved.
Privacy Policy