To main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how we use and protect any information that you give us. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If you provide us with personal information, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What information do we collect?
If you make in-App purchases or buy a subscription, our third-party billing service provider (Apple) will collect information such as your full name, credit card number, and billing address.
If you email us, we may use your email address to reply to your email.
Information Sent by Your Mobile Device. We collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use our App, like a device identifier, user settings and the operating system of your device, as well as information about your use of our Services.
Location Information. When you use our App, we may collect and store information about your location by converting your IP address into a rough geo-location. We may use location information to improve and personalize our Services for you.
Analytics Information
We may use third-party Service Provider to monitor and analyze the use of our Service. We may use third party data collection tools such as Google Firebase to provide us with analytics data about your interactions with our Services and improve a quality of your experience with our Services. For more information about Google Firebase, the information it collects, and how you can manage the information collected from you, please visit
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/
Where do we store your information?
Your information may be stored in our own servers or in servers owned by third-party cloud storage providers.
Third-party storage providers may not use your information except as provided in this Privacy Policy.
How do we use your information?
Information we collect from you might be used:
To communicate with you or third parties
To process your requests and transactions
To provide you with the Service
To improve our App and the Service
To perform marketing activities
To respond to your messages and comments
For other purposes related to our business
How long do we store your information?
We intend to store some of your information indefinitely.
The security of Your information
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Not Intended for Children
Our App and Service are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly or specifically collect information from or about children under the age of 13.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. We may also, but are not required to, send you an email notice. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
Contact Us
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@500stories.app.