OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU
At Vplus, your privacy is a top priority. Your privacy is at the core of the way we design and build the services and products your know and love, so that you can fully trust them and focus on building meaningful connections.
We appreciate that you put your trust in Us when you provide us with your information and we do not take this lightly.
We have teams dedicated to keeping your data safe and secure. We constantly update our security practice and invest our security efforts to enhance the safety of your information.
Vplus PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to Vplus’s Privacy Policy. Thank you taking the time to read it.
By accessing the website at https://www.VPlusBBWDating.com ("Vplus Site"), the Vplus mobile application, you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data (defined below) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. As described more fully below, the Vplus App is a social networking application that may utilize your location information and other sensitive information such as sexual orientation. You also consent to Vplus's cookie policies, as described herein.
Types Of Data We Collect.
We collect personal data and non-personal data about you. “Personal Data” means any data that allows someone to identify or contact you.
The following provides examples of the types of data that we collect, and how we collect them. Note that not all of the Vplus Services collect all of the data listed below:
Account Credentials. We may require you to provide an email address and password to use the Vplus App or other Vplus Services. We may also ask you to provide your phone number for account authentication purposes.
Device Information. We may collect certain software and hardware information about your Device. For example, we may collect an ID that is unique to the device or browser on which you install and/or access the Vplus Services (“Device ID” and “Device,” respectively).
Location and Distance Information. When you use the Vplus App, we will collect your location to determine your distance from other users (“Distance Information”) through the GPS, Wi-Fi, and/or cellular technology in your Device. Your last known location may be stored for the purpose of calculating Distance Information between you and other users.
Log Files. We may collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit. We also use cookies and URL information to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the information for which you searched and which you viewed. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer's hard drive while you are viewing a web site. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your Device until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on the Vplus Services and to improve our marketing efforts, including through the use of targeted advertising. Persistent cookies we place may be removed by following instructions provided by your browser. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas or features of the Vplus Services may not work properly.
Messages. When you send a message (which may include photos, location, audio, or video) to other users of the Vplus Services, we may retain the message for archival purposes or as otherwise allowed by law.
Profile Information. We may collect Personal Data from you. For example, in the Vplus App, we may collect your photo, display name, relationship status, ethnicity, age or date of birth, geo-location data, email address, password for the Vplus Services, height, weight, social network link, "Looking For," "About Me," "Favorites," "Blocks," "Tribes" and any other information that you voluntarily add to your profile on the Vplus App or that is generated through your use of the Vplus Services. You may also have the option to provide information concerning health characteristics, such as your HIV status or Last Tested Date. Remember that if you choose to include information in your profile, and make your profile public, that information will also become public. As a result, you should carefully consider what information to include in your profile.
Purchases. We collect information necessary to complete purchases. This may include, among other things, your name, credit card information, billing information, address, telephone number, and email address.
Feedback/Support. If you provide us feedback or contact us for support we will collect your name and e-mail address and possibly other Personal Data, as well as any other content that you send to us in order to reply and address any issue. If you contact us for support, we may also collect and retain certain technical diagnostic data, such as your phone model.
Mailing List. When you sign up for the Vplus Services, we may collect your email address to send you Vplus news, Vplus Services updates, the latest information on products and services, and third party offers.
Surveys. When you participate in a survey, we may collect additional information that you provide through the survey. If the survey is provided by a third party service provider, the third party's privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.
Partner Promotion. We may collect information that you provide as part of a Partner Promotion (defined below).
Third Party Platforms. If you use or connect to the Vplus Site or download the Vplus Services through a third party platform, such as Facebook, you allow us to access and/or collect certain information from your third party platform profile/account. We may also access information contained in cookies placed on your Device by the third party platform. Note that we may share this information with the third party platform for their use.
Third Party Tracking. Our advertisers and partners may also use their own cookies or other tracking technology which may collect information about you within the Grindr Services. We do not control use of these tracking technologies.
Use And Processing Of Your Personal Data.
In addition to the specific situations discussed above, we disclose Personal Data in the following situations:
User Profiles. The Vplus App is a social networking platform that is designed to allow users to share information. When you use the Vplus App, your Profile Information is public, and other users of the Vplus App can see your Profile Information and other Personal Data (including sensitive personal data) posted by you. For example, other users can search for you, search for your profile characteristics, or see you listed as being in their vicinity. Do not include information in your profile that you want to keep private. While the Vplus App may permit you to make certain items (e.g., Profile Information, preferences, opinions of other users, or other information) non-public, sophisticated users who use the Vplus App in an unauthorized manner may nevertheless be able to obtain this information and may be able to determine your identity.
Provide Products and Services. To provide the products and services you request, including the Vplus Services.
Communicate with you. To respond to your inquiries related to support or other requests.
Administration. For internal administrative purposes, as well as to administer or manage our relationship with you, including to communicate with you regarding your use of Vplus Services.
Sharing Of Personal Data.
In addition to the specific situations discussed above, we disclose Personal Data in the following situations:
User Profiles. The Vplus App is a social networking platform that is designed to allow users to share information. When you use the Vplus App, your Profile Information is public, and other users of the Vplus App can see your Profile Information and other Personal Data (including sensitive personal data) posted by you. For example, other users can search for you, search for your profile characteristics, or see you listed as being in their vicinity. Do not include information in your profile that you want to keep private. While the Vplus App may permit you to make certain items (e.g., Profile Information, preferences, opinions of other users, or other information) non-public, sophisticated users who use the Vplus App in an unauthorized manner may nevertheless be able to obtain this information and may be able to determine your identity.
Distance Information. The Vplus App is designed to allow users to share Distance Information. As a result, Distance Information is public, and other users of the Vplus App can see your Distance Information (including how many feet or meters you are from them). Vplus App users can use the search feature in the Vplus App to search for other users by distance or in a particular geographic vicinity. Your Distance Information will be used for these searches. Sophisticated users who use the Vplus App in an unauthorized manner, or other users who change their location while you remain in the same location, may use this information to determine your exact location and may be able to determine your identity. Please note: even if you choose to hide your Distance Information, the Vplus App will continue to sort and display your profile based on your relative distance from other users, so your Distance Information may still be approximated by other users. Thus, even if you choose to hide your Distance Information, others may nevertheless be able to determine your location.
Distance Information. The Vplus App is designed to allow users to share Distance Information. As a result, Distance Information is public, and other users of the Vplus App can see your Distance Information (including how many feet or meters you are from them). Vplus App users can use the search feature in the Vplus App to search for other users by distance or in a particular geographic vicinity. Your Distance Information will be used for these searches. Sophisticated users who use the Vplus App in an unauthorized manner, or other users who change their location while you remain in the same location, may use this information to determine your exact location and may be able to determine your identity. Please note: even if you choose to hide your Distance Information, the Vplus App will continue to sort and display your profile based on your relative distance from other users, so your Distance Information may still be approximated by other users. Thus, even if you choose to hide your Distance Information, others may nevertheless be able to determine your location.
Other Disclosures. Vplus may disclose Personal Data in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws; to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, violation of our policies, or as otherwise required by law.
YOUR RIGHTS
We want you to be in control of your information, so we have provided you with the following tools:
(a)Access / Update tools in the service. Tools and account settings that help you to access, rectify or delete information that you provided to us and that’s associated with your account directly within the service. If you have any question on those tools and settings, please contact our customer care team for help here.
(b)Device permissions. Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications, such as phone book and location services as well as push notifications. You can change your settings on your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.
(c)Deletion. You can delete your account by using the corresponding functionality directly on the service.
We want you to be aware of your privacy rights. Here are a few key points to remember:
(a)Reviewing your information. Applicable privacy laws may give you the right to review the personal information we keep about you (depending on the jurisdiction, this may be called right of access, right of portability or variations of those terms). You can request a copy of your personal information by putting in such a request here.
(b)Updating your information. If you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or that we are no longer entitled to use it and want to request its rectification, deletion or object to its processing, please contact us.
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy of another user. If you wish to receive information relating to another user, such as a copy of any messages you received from him or her through our service, the other user will have to contact our Privacy Officer to provide their written consent before the information is released.
Also, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore. For instance, we cannot provide our service if we do not have your date of birth.
(a)Uninstall. You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device. If you uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.
(b)Accountability. In certain countries, including in the European Union, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal information. The data protection authority you can lodge a complaint with notably may be that of your habitual residence, where you work or where we are established.
Children's Privacy
We require users to be at least 18 years of age. We do not intend for anyone under the age of 18 to use any of the features or services we offer from Vplus Services, and we certainly do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 18 years of age. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children's privacy online.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on Vplus Services and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Services. If any changes are made to this Privacy Policy we will reflect the "Last Revised" date above. It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
How We Protect Personal Information
All private information from our users will be treated as confidential at Vplus and we will never disclose any of them to a third party. The purpose we take advantage of your private information like email, photo or anything else, is to provide a better service for you. The key point is that we never use any of your private information before you permit that.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices related to the Vplus Services, or if you would like to have us remove your information from our database, where possible, please feel free to contact us at support@vegandr.net with subject line "Privacy Policy".