Privacy Policy
Respecting your data & privacy
Overview
This privacy policy sets out how Quoox Ltd. (“we”) use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website.
We are committed to abiding by this Privacy Policy throughout the operation of its business ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website and resulting telephone calls, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1988, the data controller may be contacted at Innovation Centre, Boundary Road, Colchester, CO4 3ZQ.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 23rd April 2019.

By use of this website, our contact details and/or our services, you consent to the collection and use of your personal or business information as set out in this privacy policy.
Data Retention
How long we retain your Personal Data depends on the type of data and the purpose for which we process the data. We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
In relation to the integration of third-party apps, such as Zoom, data originating from the third-party app is deleted within less than 48-hours of de-authorisation, unless a longer retention period is required by law.  Quoox complies with the data retention policies of all parties with whom it integrates.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name; Company; and Job Title
Contact information, including email address
Demographic information, such as postcode, preferences, geo-location and interests
Other information relevant to the provision of customer surveys and/or offers
Website visit information; Pages Visited; Duration of Visit; and other viewing information
Information required for the provision of service (for subscribing customers)
Telephone calls
We may monitor and record telephone calls to the number(s) listed on our website. These are used to provide a better service to you and improve our business practices. By calling the number(s) on this website, you consent to the recording of the telephone call.
Furthermore, during busy periods, we may employ a 3rd party answering services to ensure that all of our calls receive a timely and professional response. Your information will be forwarded to us, and the 3rd party does not retain any of your personal information.
What we do with your data
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Outbound links to other sites
Our website (including this Privacy Policy) may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
How we use cookies
We may use cookies for a number of purposes:
For use in Google Analytics and other services to track website traffic data, which is reported anonymously for analytical purposes. This allows us to understand how our website is used and to improve its efficiency.
For use with Zoho SalesIQ, to provide you with professional live chat.
For use with Google Recaptcha, to prevent abuse of our website forms and sign-up process.
To tailor our website to your specific needs.
For advertising, ad targeting and re-marketing purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
How you can control cookies
You can choose to accept or decline cookies through our cookie policy popup. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Find out more about controlling cookies at
AboutCookies.org
Your use of our website indicates that you consent to the cookies we have described within this Privacy Policy.
Advertising & re-marketing
We may use certain information to enable third party ad servers to show you ads based on information about you and your browsing behaviour.
Our re-marketing strategies may place banner ads on subsequent websites you visit. Clicking on these ads will direct you back to our website.
Our online advertising campaigns are hosted by third party vendors, including Google, who use cookies to base advertisements on information about you and your browsing behaviour, including your previous visits to our website(s).
You can chose to opt out of Google Cookie tracking. You can also opt out of Google’s and other third-party vendors’ use of cookies by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative
.
We may use the Dynamic Ad Serving feature which uses the Teracent cookie. You can opt out of
Dynamic Ad Serving cookies
.
We may also use Google’s DoubleClick’s re-marketing pixels. You can opt out of these on Google or opt out at the
Network Advertising Initiative
.
To find out more third party advertising and ad targeting, visit the
Internet Advertising Bureau UK
.
You can find a guide to behavioural advertising and find out how to avoid this by visiting
Your Online Choices
.
Google & YouTube
Quoox uses YouTube API Services for the import of video meta data during the XRcize exercise import process. By using this feature, you are agreeing to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service as found at
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
The Google privacy policy found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
applies to both the YouTube API Services and other Google services used by Quoox.
Controlling your data
By providing your personal information to our website you consent to being contacted for direct marketing purposes.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you have completed a form on our website, you can indicate to us that you do not want the information to be used by us for direct marketing purposes by emailing gdpr@quoox.com.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at gdpr@quoox.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us at Quoox Ltd., Unit B3, Knowledge Gateway, Nesfield Road, Colchester, CO4 3ZL.
If you are a member of a centre using the Quoox app or FItnessHub, please also refer to their Privacy Policy and GDPR statements.
View our other legal & business policies
OUR POLICIES
QUOOX
We provide services to an exclusive group of wellness facilities to help them achieve operational superiority and provide ongoing support to their profitable, scalable, expertly operated, premium well-being businesses.
BOOK A CALL
contact@quoox.com
Visit our Facebook
Visit our Instagram
Visit our Twitter
Visit our LinkedIn
©2024 Quoox Ltd.
Top
linkedin
facebook
pinterest
youtube
rss
twitter
instagram
facebook-blank
rss-blank
linkedin-blank
pinterest
youtube
twitter
instagram