Thank you for playing our games! This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect your personal data and why we do so
How we use your personal data
The choices you have about your personal
This Privacy Policy applies to CodeCube Brothers games, websites and related services, which we here collectively call the service. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on ccbrothers.com. If we make any changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the service prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any request for resolving issues with your personal
data, we encourage you to primaly contact us through of our website or support@ccbrothers.com.
THE DATA WE COLLECT
Data you provide us.
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Player name and password
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify your account)
Data we collect automatically.
Data about your account (account ID) and game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies
General location data
Precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent)
Data about your use of service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside service
Data we collect from our partners.
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the service (such as Facebook, Google or Apple)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse of your IP address)
Data to fight against frauds (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purpose, so we can provide you a better service
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
To make the service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and play our service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you service related communications
To make the service more suitable for our players
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the service and player experience
Manager our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the service
Customize your service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
To show personalized advertisement
To show you personalized advertisements in the service as well as in other websites and services
Track the content you access in connection with the service and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisement, see section OPTIONS.
To keep the service safe and fair.
Ensuring a level playing field in the service is a top priority for us. For more information on our acceptable use policy, see the CodeCube Brothers Terms of service
In order to keep the service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Analyze and monitor use of the serivce and its social features
Moderate chats either automatically or manually
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile and segment
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data
With your consent.
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your GPS location to show you local events.
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Apart from CodeCube Brothers, your data can be accessed by others following situtations:
OTHER PLAYERS AND USERS
When social features is used, other players and users may, for example see your profile data, in-game activities and read messages you have posted.
PARTNERS
CodeCube Brothers has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at the according to CodeCube Brothers insturctions to provide the service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention. View list of
partners
.
Other companies and public authorities
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful request.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of use, our players or others.
Advertising and Social Media partners
The service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. A list of these partners is available at ccbrothers.com/partners. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
OPTIONS
Opt-out of targeted advertising.
You may opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" or "opt-out of interest based ads".
Access the personal data we hold about you.
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, ohject how we use or share your data and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile settings.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online service, wwe and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide personalized service, analyze use, target advertisement and prevent frauds. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the service may then not function properly.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Data protection
CodeCube Brothers not keep and store directly your data anywhere and this done done by our third party partners. So data is handled and protected the ways our partners provided. You can see list of our partners here.
Data retention
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and reqularly review and de-identify unnecessary data. Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for legitimate business interest, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about you or direct target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our service. If you are under 13, please do no send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from under the age of 13, please contact us.