Fast shipping & easy returns
Weekly deals
300+ brands
4.1
/
5
Belgian
EUR €
Dutch
EUR €
English
EUR €
French
EUR €
German
EUR €
Italian
EUR €
Polish
PLN zł
Spanish
EUR €
English
Customer service
About us
Log in
Privacy and cookie statement
This privacy and cookie statement was last updated on 11 March 2025.
Otrium B.V. (hereinafter: Otrium) offers a shop-in-shop outlet platform via the website
www.otrium.com
. With an influx of online orders from customers on a daily basis, we constantly process personal data.
Our privacy and cookie statement at a glance
We treat your personal data securely and carefully, this means that we:
Record our purposes
before we process your personal data, as set out in this privacy and cookie statement.
Store as little personal data as possible
and only the data necessary for our purposes.
Ask for explicit consent
for the processing of your personal data where explicit consent is required.
Take the necessary security measures
to protect your personal data. We also impose these obligations on third parties who process personal data on our behalf.
Respect your rights
, such as the right of access, rectification or erasure of your personal data processed by us.
For what purposes do we process your personal data?
When you use our platform, via browser and via our application, we obtain various personal data from you. In this privacy and cookie statement we specify for each purpose what data we obtain from you, for what purpose we process this data and for how long it is stored. If you have any questions or would like to know exactly what information we store, please contact us through the contact details provided at the bottom of this privacy and cookie statement.
Downloading our app
You can also use our platform via our app. In order to do so, you need to download our app first. You can do this via the App Store or via Google Play. We have no influence on which personal data is processed by the provider (
Apple
and
Google
) and for what purpose they use your information. We recommend that you read the relevant privacy statement of the provider in question. All the purposes set out below reflect upon the data processing by us when using our platform through your web browser or our app.
Creating an account
You can create an account on our website or application, after which you can place an order. You can also choose to log in using your
Facebook
or
Google account
. If you want to know how these parties process your personal data, please read the privacy statement of the platform in question. Creating your account is where we conclude an agreement to provide this account, the execution thereof is therefore naturally the legal basis for processing.
We process the following personal data for this purpose:
Gender
Name
E-mail address
Login credentials
IP address
We store your personal information until you cancel your account or up to 2 years after you last logged in to your account. We then assume that you no longer wish to use our services. Some data is stored longer if we are legally obligated to do so (e.g. because of a tax retention obligation, which can be 7 years).
Managing an account
Once you have created an account or logged in with your Facebook or Google account, you can decide which information you add to the account (for which execution of the agreement is also the legal basis of processing). You can include your personal information in your account. The account also includes an overview of your orders, as well as the option to indicate your preferences and save your favorite brands.
We process the following personal data for this purpose:
Name
Address details
Contact details (e-mail address and telephone number)
Country
Date of birth
Gender
Login credentials
Personal (shopping) behaviour, interests and preferences
IP address
We store your personal information until you cancel your account or up to 2 years after you last logged in to your account. We then assume that you no longer wish to use our services. Some data is stored longer if we are legally obligated to do so (e.g. because of a tax retention obligation, which can be 7 years).
Contact
When you send us an email, use our contact form, contact us by telephone or in any other way, we will process the personal data necessary to support you, and to enable us to answer your query. The legal basis for this processing of personal data is the execution of the agreement with you.
We process the following personal data for this purpose:
Name
E-mail address
Any information you provide as part of the content of a message
We store your data for as long as this contact requires it or up to a maximum of 2 years after we last had contact with you; we want to make sure we have dealt with your query or complaint properly.
Placing and handling orders
When you place an order via our platform, you enter certain information. This data is necessary for the purchase agreement between you and Otrium (execution of the agreement) and the underlying order to be carried out by us.
We process the following personal data for this purpose:
Name
Address details
Contact details (e-mail address and telephone number)
Order confirmation
Billing address
Shipping address
Payment details
IP address
We store this information for up to 2 years after the purchase was made. Some data is stored longer if we are legally obligated to do so (e.g. because of a tax retention obligation, which can be 7 years).
Commercial messages
Otrium sends out commercial messages. This could be a digital newsletter, but also push notifications or text messages or direct mail. The messages contain promotions, tips, surveys and/or information about our products and services. We tailor our commercial messages on the basis of your personal (shopping) behaviour, interests and preferences of which you have made Otrium aware.
You can subscribe to our commercial messages via the website and our app. For example, to remind you of items you’ve left in your shopping cart. These messages we send out with your consent or because you made a purchase via Otrium.
We could also send out such messages with regard to similar products and/or services to the ones we’ve already provided you with (i.e. clothing items, including shoes and accessories). The legal basis for such use of your personal data is our legitimate interest in providing the best services to you.
We process the following personal data for this purpose:
Name
Contact details (e-mail address and telephone number)
Personal (shopping) behaviour, interests and preferences
Your personal data is stored until you unsubscribe from the commercial messages. You can unsubscribe from these messages at any time. Otrium offers the possibility to unsubscribe from electronic commercial messages at the moment that Otrium gathers your contact details. In addition, there is an unsubscribe link in every electronic commercial message (such as email newsletters). If you are residing in the Netherlands, you can unsubscribe from commercial messages sent by direct mail via post.otrium.nl. If you are residing in Germany, you can unsubscribe from commercial messages sent by direct mail via post.otrium.de. You can also send an email to Otrium or change the settings in your account in order to unsubscribe from receiving the commercial messages.
Third-party shop credit
You can share a personal link with your friends on our platform or a third party application, which allows your friends to share their email addresses with us. In exchange, both you and your friends will receive a discount code from us. We process the data on a legitimate interest basis, i.e. a commercial interest. In doing so, we have weighed the privacy interests of your friends. The email addresses of your friends are only used once to offer the shop credit. We then delete the data.
We process the following personal data for this purpose:
Name
E-mail addresses
We store their e-mail addresses for as long as is necessary to send the shop credit by e-mail.
Reviews
You have the option to review our services via our webpage, which sends you through to the review platform. We use third parties to host these reviews, such as Kiyoh, Trustpilot, Facebook and Google. The reviews can be read on the websites of these parties. The parties themselves are responsible for data processing. If you want to know what they do with your personal data, please review the relevant privacy policies on their websites.
We have a commercial interest in improving our services which we can do based on the input from reviews. Therefore, we process your personal data based on such legitimate interest. Our commercial interest takes precedence over your privacy interest, given that you have control over what (personal) information you leave behind in the customer review.
We process the following personal data for this purpose:
Name as stated in the customer review
Place of residence
Message content
We store your personal data for a maximum of 2 years after the review was posted.
Survey
We use information from surveys to improve our services. This allows us to learn more about your buying habits. We only do this with your consent.
We store your personal data collected through surveys for a maximum of 5 years after the survey has been completed.
Job applications
If you apply for one of our job openings or submit an open application, we process your personal data for the purpose of handling your application and in preparation for a possible employment contract.
We process the following personal data for this purpose:
Name
Address details
Contact details (e-mail address and telephone number)
Curriculum Vitae
Cover letter
Salary requirements
References
Any other information you provide in your application
Your application details are stored for a maximum of 4 weeks after the position has been filled. We store this information so that we can contact you should the position become vacant again within the probationary period. If we are unable to offer you a position at this time, we may – with your consent – keep the application data for 1 more year. You can revoke your consent at any time by sending us an email. We will store your application data in your personnel file should you decide to work for us. This file will be stored for as long as necessary, and the application data will be kept for a maximum of 1 year after entering into employment.
Social media and internet screening can be part of the application procedure. This is necessary for us to preserve our image when hiring new staff, which is why we have a legitimate interest to process this personal data. We will do a search of your name on Google and any profile you may have on various social media. This applies, of course, insofar as these profiles are public. We will not ask you to grant us access to a private social media page or to accept a request from us. The results of the screening will be discussed with you where appropriate. Should you have any objections to this, you can inform us by email at the time of your application.
Otrium Partner Platform
If you are working at one of the companies that Otrium has a partnership with, we might process your personal data in order for you to have access to the Otrium Partner Platform. On the Otrium Partner Platform we provide insights into the relevant metrics with respect to the sales of products through our platform.
Your employer might request us to provide an email address for you to gain access to the Otrium Partner Platform. In this case your employer is the controller of the personal data we process from you. They are in charge of the why and the how of the processing of your personal data and are also in charge of making and deleting your user profile.
Nevertheless, we would like you to know that we process the following personal data in the Otrium Partner Platform:
First name
Role in the company
Credentials for log-in
Metadata about the usage of the platform
After your employer deleted your account, we will not retain any personal data about you anymore. In order to ensure safe log-in and to avoid unauthorized access to the Otrium Partner Platform, we work with a third party who specializes in identity and access management.
When can we share your personal data with third parties?
Otrium will only share your information with third parties to the extent permitted by current legislation.
We may disclose your personal data to third parties in the following situations:
we have contracted them to process certain data;
it is necessary to fulfil the contract with you;
you consent to it;
we have a legitimate interest in doing so;
we are legally obligated to do so (e.g. if the police demand it in case of a suspicion of a crime).
Third parties processing personal data on our behalf or yours:
Mail-order companies
Distribution centre
Payment service providers
Cookie service providers
IT suppliers and service providers (a.o. software for processing applications and identity and access management)
Marketing companies
Review companies
Otrium may disclose your personal data to parties located outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to provide those services. Otrium will only do so if there is an appropriate level of protection for the processing of personal data. If there is no adequacy decision from the European Commission for that specific third country, Otrium will conclude the Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) with said third party.
Securing your personal data
Otrium takes appropriate technical and organisational measures for the processing of personal data to prevent loss or any form of unlawful processing (e.g., unauthorised access, tampering, modification, or disclosure of personal data).
Creating profiles
We compile and combine your personal data from various sources. This is done to provide you with the best online shopping experience. We do this by linking various data about you, such as your account details, order history, your preferences and favorite brands, but also your browsing behavior on our or external websites.
By combining your data, we can publish personalised promotions and content on the website or social media channels that match your interests and purchase history. It also allows us to personalise our newsletter for you. This will help us improve our targeted promotions, both on our website and through external advertisements.
We only create profiles with your consent or because you made a purchase via Otrium. We use cookies on the website to collect and combine your data. Cookies allow us to see, for example, which pages on our website you have visited, which advertisements on external websites have been shown to you and whether you have viewed them or not, whether you are interested in discounts, and which items you have clicked on. The cookie overview lists the cookies we use.
Social media buttons
We use social media buttons on our website that redirect you to the relevant social media platforms. This gives you the option to follow us and share content. You will also see advertisements on your social media page. The buttons operate through bits of code provided by the social media networks. If you want to know what the social media platforms do with your personal data, please read the relevant privacy statements of
Facebook
or
Instagram
.
These social media companies are located in the United States. Facebook and Instagram adhere to the Standard Contractual Clauses. For more information check out
Facebook’s page on the SCCs
and
Instagram’s page on the SCCs
.
Cookies
Our website uses first-party and third-party cookies. Cookies are small data files that can be automatically stored on or read from the visitor's device (such as PC, tablet or smartphone) when visiting a website. This is done via the web browser on the device.
These cookies collect the following data from you:
IP address
Cookie ID
Website and click behavior
Referrer URL
On your first visit to our website, we will display a message explaining how cookies are used. We will ask for your consent for the use of cookies to the extent we are required to do so.
Want to know more? The list of the cookies we use can be found in the overview shown when clicking
here
.
Cookie list
Google LLC, United States
Privacy statement
For more information about how Google uses information it receives from Otrium and processes your data, please refer to
Google's Privacy & Terms
site.
Google Ads
Google Ads uses cookies to measure the effectiveness of our advertising efforts. It tracks visitor interactions on our website, allowing us to deliver more relevant ads to users and optimize our ad campaigns.
Google Tag Manager
Google Tag Manager cookies enable scripts from other cookies to be loaded. Google Tag Manager is purely functional and is not used for the collection of personal data.
Google Analytics
Google Tag Manager cookies enable scripts from other cookies to be loaded. Google Tag Manager is purely functional and is not used for the collection of personal data.
GA Audiences
The GA Audiences cookies are used to get website visitors to return based on their online website behavior. This means that click behavior (among other things) is recorded for the purpose of measuring effectiveness and to show website visitors personalised content.
Google DoubleClick and DoubleClick Ad Exchange
These cookies are used to register the website visitor’s actions on the website after viewing or clicking on advertisements. The purpose of this is to measure the effectiveness and to show personalised advertisements.
Google Dynamic Remarketing
These cookies are placed so we can show relevant advertisements to people who have previously visited our website. They record click behavior and website visits.
Gstatic
Gstatic is Google’s content delivery service which caches all static or unchanging files, in order to reduce load times.
Facebook, United States
Privacy statement
Facebook Connect
These cookies are used to enable Facebook advert options. They record click behavior and website visits. These cookies record a unique ID to recognise recurring devices. The aim is to advertise in a targeted and personalised way.
Facebook Custom Audience
These cookies are used to enable Facebook advert options. They record click behavior and website visits. These cookies record a unique ID to recognise recurring devices. The aim is to advertise in a targeted and personalised way.
Facebook Pixel
These cookies are used to enable the Facebook advertising option. They collect click behavior and website visits. These cookies collect a unique ID to recognize returning devices. The purpose of this is to be able to advertise in a personalized and targeted way.
Cloudflare, United States
Privacy statement
Cloudflare
Cloudflare is a content delivery network that identifies familiar web traffic.
SolarWinds Worldwide LLC, United States
Privacy statement
Pingdom
Pingdom is a technological service that helps Otrium to improve and understand the experience of users, e.g., if the website is to be approached globally, does it work as it is supposed to, what is the upload speed and so on. The aim is to improve the website with the feedback of users. Pingdom uses cookies and other technologies to collect data of the behavior of the users and their devices.
Pinterest, Inc., United States
Privacy statement
Pinterest Conversion Tracker
Pinterest is a social media website and app that places cookies on our website to gain more insight into the way visitors use our website (what is searched for, how often an account is created, which pages are visited and how often, etc.). This enables us to improve our website with feedback from users. Pinterest uses cookies and other technologies to collect data about the behavior of our users and their devices (browser information, IP addresses, hardware/software type, etc.).
Pinterest
These cookies are used to display photos on Pinterest of the products we offer.
Criteo S.A., France
Privacy statement
Criteo
Criteo is a retargeting platform that allows to retarget users with relevant advertisements based on their website behavior.
Segment.io, Inc., United States
Privacy statement
Segment
Segment.Io, Inc. offers application programming interface solutions. The Company collects, clean, and control customer data with segment, as well as provides data integration, governance, and audience management services.
Hotjar Ltd., Malta
Privacy statement
Hotjar
Hotjar collects qualitative data which provides insights into user behavior on a website. These cookies are responsible for displaying the correct content to Otrium’s visitors. In this way, we track how users are engaging with our platform.
New Relic, United States
Privacy statement
New Relic
New Relic provides cookies  that enable Otrium to monitor the use of our website.
Fit Analytics GmbH, Germany
Privacy statement
Fit Analytics
FitAnalytics cookies ensure that we personalize our offering of products with the right size to our customers. Furthermore, by using the cookies they resolve sizing for shoppers by explaining different sizing measures per country.
TrustPilot A/S, Denmark
Privacy statement
TrustPilot
These cookies allow the display of TrustPilot score per country.
WooCommerce, United States
Privacy statement
WooCommerce
These cookies are used to monitor and store data about the adjustments of the shopping cart of the visitor.
LinkedIn, United States
Privacy statement
UserMatchHistory
LinkedIn sets this cookie to provide advertisements and retargeting on LinkedIn.
Lidc
LinkedIn sets the lidc cookie to store performed actions on the website and to facilitate data center selection.
Lang
LinkedIn sets this cookie to show the language that a user has selected in their settings.
Bcookie
LinkedIn sets this cookie with browser-ID with which devices for access are uniquely identified in order to detect misuse on the platform.
SalesFeed Nederland B.V., Netherlands
Privacy statement
Salesfeed
These cookies make it possible to adapt the content of our website to the website visitor on the basis of certain data, which are made known to us by means of these cookies. This could be information about the number of times you visit our website, and which pages you visited.
Partnerize, United Kingdom
Privacy statement
Partnerize
Partnerize is an affiliate partner, and this concerns first party cookies. These are used to recognize the origin of a customer proceeding with a transaction in order to provide fees.
Reddit, United States
Privacy statement
Token_v2 and several others
The use of these Reddit cookies is to enable to track if the visitor comes from the Reddit webpage and which actions are taken after being redirected. Also, they might retain the credentials.
Reddit Pixel.js
The Reddit pixel is used to enable advertising on their website and to track behavior of the visitor after selecting the advertisement.
Snap Inc., United States
Privacy statement
Snapchat
Snapchat uses cookies to improve their advertising service by measuring your behavior on our website to provide more relevant advertisements.
Algolia recommend, United States
Privacy statement
Algolia Insights
Algolia provides a first party cookie to us. These cookies communicate with Segment and provide product recommendations to visitors. It measures the behavior of visitor with regards to the products on the website.
Partnerize, United Kingdom
Privacy statement
Partnerize
Partnerize is an affiliate partner, and this concerns first party cookies. These are used to recognize the origin of a customer proceeding with a transaction in order to provide fees.
Carry Technologies Inc., United States
Privacy statement
Hightouch
Hightouch uses cookies to ensure that our content and recommendations are relevant and based on the latest user data.
DIXA ApS, Denmark
Privacy statement
Dixa
Dixa helps us optimize communication by using real-time data to connect visitors with the right resources and customer service agents, improving the overall support experience.
First-party cookies with strictly functional purposes
Miscellaneous
These cookies enable the necessary functionalities of the website, such as remembering the selected language and whether consent is given for cookies, displaying the cookie banner, etc.
Enabling and disabling cookies
You can set your web browser to only accept cookies with your consent. Consult your browser guide for more information. Please note that many websites will not function optimally when cookies are disabled.
Deleting cookies
Most cookies have an expiry date. When an expiry date is set, the cookie is automatically deleted once that date passes. You can also choose to delete the cookies manually before the expiry date. Please consult your browser guide for more information.
What are your rights if Otrium processes personal data about you?
If you have any questions or would like to know what personal data we have about you, you can always contact us using the contact details below.
You have the following rights:
Right of access
: you have the right of access to the personal data we process about you.
Right to rectification
: you have the right to correct or supplement the personal data we process about you, e.g., if they are incorrect or incomplete.
Right to object
: you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data and to direct marketing.
Right to erasure
: you may request us to erase your personal data.
Right to withdraw your consent
: if you have consented to us processing personal data, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to data portability
: if it is technologically possible, you have the right to have the personal data we process about you transferred to a third party.
Right to restrict processing
: in some cases, you can request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (temporarily or otherwise).
We may ask you for identification to fulfil your request. We need this information to ensure that the one requesting a certain data subject’s right with regard to the personal data concerning a specific person, is verifiably the person whom the personal data concerns.
We will generally reply to your request within one month. However, this period may be extended by two months depending on the specific privacy rights or the complexity of the request. If we extend this period, we will inform you in good time. Please ensure that your requests meet the exceptions and/or requirements for us to live up to these rights of data subjects (see chapter 3 of the GDPR).
If you wish to exercise any of your rights, you can do so by sending an email to
privacy@otrium.com
.
Changes to this privacy and cookie statement
When there is a change in our services, we may also need to change our privacy and cookie statement. Please consult this privacy and cookie statement regularly for the most up-to-date information.
Filing a complaint
Should you feel we have not been able to help you properly with any questions about your privacy, you have the right to file a complaint with the
Dutch Data Protection Authority
(Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens).
Contact details
For questions about our privacy and cookie statement or your rights, you can always contact us using the information below:
Otrium B.V.
Danzigerkade 15-C
1013AP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
E-mail address:
privacy@otrium.com
Phone number:
020-2217184
Chamber of Commerce no.: 63996901
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Get the newest discounts, brands, and drops.
Sign Up
4.1
/
5
0BAB7724-CC88-4EC8-BE8C-A263D118A28F
3FBC6BD0-1176-4799-B62E-BA2AE710C338
Delivery: 2-6 working days
Easy returns
Weekly deals
4.1
/
5
Otrium
About us
Blog
Careers
We're hiring
Partnership
Press room
Certified B Corporation™
Ethical Governance
Ethical impact
Otrium
About us
Blog
Careers
We're hiring
Partnership
Press room
Certified B Corporation™
Ethical Governance
Ethical impact
Customer service
Delivery
Returns
Payment information
Help centre
Customer service
Delivery
Returns
Payment information
Help centre
Download our app
Get social
Tiktok
© 2016-
2025
Otrium,
except certain content provided by third parties
Accessibility Statement
Privacy and Cookie Statement
Terms & Conditions
Belgian
EUR €
Dutch
EUR €
English
EUR €
French
EUR €
German
EUR €
Italian
EUR €
Polish
PLN zł
Spanish
EUR €
English
We, and third parties, use cookies on our website to ensure that our website operates properly, to save your preferences, to gain insight into visitor behavior, but also for marketing and social media purposes (showing personalized ads). By clicking ‘cookie settings’ you can read more about the cookies used on our website and save your preferences. By clicking ‘accept all cookies’, you agree to the use of all cookies in accordance with our
privacy and cookie statement
.
Accept all cookies
Reject all cookies
Cookie settings
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://business.safety.google/privacy/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Learn more about
how Google processes personal information
Google's use of information
Helps you understand how Google uses personal information it receives from sites or apps that use our advertising services.
Read more
Privacy Policy
Helps you understand what information Google collects and why, how we use it, and how you can review, manage, delete and update it.
Read more
Data use across Google services
Helps you understand how personal data is shared across Google services and how Google handles personal data received from our advertising partners.
Read more
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/:
Solutions
By topic
By need
By industry
Public interest
Global services
Connectivity cloud
Contact sales
Products
Our products
For your employees
For apps and infrastructure
For developers
Register domain name
Get 1.1.1.1
Need help choosing?
Latest product news
Contact sales
Pricing
Our plans & pricing
Enterprise plan
Compare all plans
Need help choosing?
View FAQs
Contact sales
Resources
Library
Documentation
Getting Started
Application Security
Application Services
Zero Trust Services
Developer Platform
Network Services
Insights
API
AI
Learning
Trust & compliance
Trends & insights
Blog
Cloudflare TV
Community forum
Get help
Contact sales
Partners
Partner network
Peering portal
Partner Network
Why Cloudflare
Why choose Cloudflare
Learn about Cloudflare
Comparisons
Why trust Cloudflare
Contact sales
Sign up
Sign up
Under attack?
Under attack?
Log in
Log in
Support
Community Support
Help Center
Contact Cloudflare
Lost account access?
Log in
Log in
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policy application
Information we collect
How we use information we collect
Data aggregation
Information sharing
Notice to UK and EU residents
International information transfers
Data subject rights and choices
Communication preferences
Data security, data integrity and access
Data retention
Notification of changes
Business transactions
English language controls
Dispute resolution
Notice to California residents
Contact information
Legal questions
Have Questions?
If you have questions about these terms or anything else about Cloudflare, please don't hesitate to contact us:
+1 (650) 319-8930
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St,
San Francisco, CA 94107
USA
Cloudflare Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 28, 2024.
We have updated our July 18, 2024 Privacy Policy to update the contact email of our Data Protection Officer.
This Cloudflare Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the personal information that Cloudflare, Inc. (“Cloudflare”, “we”, “us” or “our”) gathers, how we use that personal information, and the options you have to access, correct, or delete such personal information.
CLOUDFLARE’S PROMISE
Our mission to help build a better Internet is rooted in the importance we place on establishing trust with our Customers, users, and the Internet community globally. To earn and maintain that trust, we commit to communicating transparently, providing security, and protecting the privacy of data on our systems.
We keep your personal information personal and private. We will not sell or rent your personal information. We will only share or otherwise disclose your personal information as necessary to provide our Services or as otherwise described in this Policy, except in cases where we first provide you with notice and the opportunity to consent.
1. POLICY APPLICATION
This Policy applies to Cloudflare’s collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of the following categories of data subjects:
Attendees
: Those who visit our offices or provide their information to Cloudflare or Cloudflare representatives when they attend or register to attend Cloudflare-sponsored events or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, as well as those who participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Website Visitors
: Those who visit our Websites, including those who may opt to provide an email address or other contact information to receive communications from Cloudflare, fill out a survey, or provide feedback. For the purposes of this Policy, “Websites” refer collectively to
www.cloudflare.com
as well as any other websites Cloudflare operates for its own behalf and that link to this Policy. For clarity, “Websites” does not include any sites owned or operated by our Customers, including where we serve as Registrar.
Customers
: Individuals or entities who enter into a subscription agreement with Cloudflare (or its authorized partner) and to whom Cloudflare provides Services pursuant to such agreement. For purposes of this Policy, “Services” shall refer to all of the cloud-based solutions offered, marketed, or sold by Cloudflare or its authorized partners that are designed to increase the performance, security, and availability of Internet properties, applications, devices, and networks, along with any software, software development kits, and application programming interfaces ("APIs") made available in connection with the foregoing.
Administrative Users
: Those with login credentials for a Cloudflare account and/or those who administer any of the Services for a Customer. In some cases, an Administrative User and Customer may be the same individual. In other cases, an Administrative User may be an agent acting on behalf of a Customer.
Public DNS Resolver Users
: Those who use Cloudflare’s 1.1.1.1 public recursive Domain Name System (“DNS”) resolver service, including 1.1.1.1 for Families ("1.1.1.1 resolver"). Learn more about the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
End Users
: Those who (i) access or use our Customers’ domains, networks, websites, application programming interfaces, and applications, or (ii) Customers’ employees, agents, or contractors, who access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust end users.
Registrants:
Users of Cloudflare’s domain registrar services. Cloudflare is an
ICANN
-accredited registrar and complies with the
2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement
(“RAA”).
This Policy does not apply to “Application Users”—those individuals who use Cloudflare’s consumer-facing 1.1.1.1 Application. See the
1.1.1.1 Application Privacy Policy
for more information about the data collection and use practices for Cloudflare's 1.1.1.1 Application and the associated 1.1.1.1 Application Services.
This Policy also does not apply to our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, and networks, which may have their own terms and privacy policies. Our Customers are solely responsible for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to the collection of personal information, in connection with the use of our Services by End Users with whom our Customers interact.
Cloudflare’s Websites and Services are not intended for, nor designed to attract, individuals under the age of eighteen. Cloudflare does not knowingly collect or share personal information from any person under the age of eighteen. To the extent we become aware that we have the personal information of a person under the age of eighteen, we will delete that information.
When Cloudflare is a reverse proxy, our IP addresses may appear in WHOIS and DNS records for websites using our Services. We are a conduit for information controlled by others. It is our Customers and their users who are responsible for the content transmitted across our network (e.g., images, written content, graphics, etc.).
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT (Categories of Data Subjects)
Attendees
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We may ask for and collect personal information such as your name, address, phone number and email address when you visit our offices, register for or attend a sponsored event or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, or participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Image and voice
: When you participate in a Cloudflare study, we may ask for your permission to record your voice and/or image during your participation in the study.
Website Visitors
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We ask for and—at your option—collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Websites, including opportunities to sign up for and agree to receive email communications from us. We may ask you to submit such personal information if you choose to use interactive features of the Websites, including participation in surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or studies, requesting customer support, submitting feedback, or otherwise communicating with us. We will send such communications in accordance with applicable law.
Log files
: Just as when you visit and interact with most websites and services delivered via the Internet, when you visit our Websites, including the Cloudflare Community Forum, we gather certain information and store it in log files. This information may include but is not limited to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, system configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and locale and language preferences.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
: We may use cookies and other information-gathering technologies for a variety of purposes, such as providing us with information about how you interact with our Websites and assisting us in our marketing efforts. You may view a complete list of cookies and change your cookie preferences by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) in the footer of the Cloudflare homepage at cloudflare.com or in the banner displayed when you visit our Websites from certain countries (such as the European Economic Area and the UK). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Cloudflare’s Websites may not function properly. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to provide you advertising on third-party sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. In addition to exercising cookie choices through our “Cookie Preferences” or “Your Privacy Choices” links, if you do not want to have cookies and similar technologies used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking
here
(or if located in the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, click
here
). For more information about the cookies Cloudflare uses and your privacy choices, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Material contributed in Interactive Areas
: The Websites may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features (“Interactive Areas”). If you choose to participate in any of these Interactive Areas, please be aware that any information that you post in an Interactive Area might be read, collected, and used by others who access it. If you wish to remove your personal information from any of our Interactive Areas, please see the Section 8, below.
Customers and Administrative Users
Customer Account Information
: When you register for an account, we collect contact information. Depending on subscription level, this contact information may include your Customer name, the email address(es) of your account administrator(s), telephone number, and addresses necessary to process payment and delivery of Services. In addition, when you use the Services, we collect information about how you configure your account and the Services (e.g., firewall settings for the domains you administer). We refer to all of this information collectively as “Customer Account Information” for the purposes of this Policy. Customer Account Information is required to enable your access to your Cloudflare account and Services. By providing us with any personal information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal information or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us. We also maintain logs of Administrative Users’ activity (e.g., actions taken to configure settings in Customers’ account).
Payment information
: We do not require our Customers to have payment information on file with us unless they have a paid subscription to our Services. When you sign up for one of our paid Services, you must provide payment and billing information. The information you will need to submit depends on which payment method you choose. For example, if you pay with a credit card, we will collect your card information and billing address, although we do not store full credit card numbers or personal account numbers.
Crash Reports
: When our Services encounter an unexpected error, you may be asked to submit a crash report, which may contain personal information. You will have an opportunity to review the content of the report prior to submitting the report to us.
Public DNS Resolver Users
Limited DNS query data
: We will collect limited DNS query data that is sent to our 1.1.1.1 resolver. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not log personal information, and the bulk of the limited non-personally identifiable query data is only stored for 25 hours. You can learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Please note that our data handling practices for our 1.1.1.1 Application, which is not covered by this Policy, are somewhat different than our 1.1.1.1 resolver data handling practices and are described
here
.
End Users
Cloudflare processes End Users’ interactions with Customer’s Internet Properties and the Services. This information is processed when End Users access or use our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, devices, end points, and networks that use one or more of our Services, and when End Users access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust. The information processed may include but is not limited to IP addresses, traffic routing data, system configuration information, and other information about traffic to and from Customers’ websites, devices, applications, and/or networks.
The End User data that we make available to our Customers via the Service dashboard or other online interface are specifically defined as “Customer Logs”.
Registrants
Contact and domain information: We collect data such as domain name and status, contact information (such as name, organization, address, phone number and email address), name server, DNSSEC, and Form of Approval (i.e., full WHOIS capture at time of transfer into our system, including the IP address that initiated the transfer).
Network Data.
Cloudflare collects and stores Network Data, which are models, observations, reports, analyses, statistics, databases and other information created, compiled, analyzed, generated or derived by Cloudflare from server, network or traffic data generated by Cloudflare in the course of providing the Service, including information required to help Cloudflare identify, analyze, mitigate, prevent, and block malicious activities on Cloudflare’s network. Examples of Network Data include service uptime and service availability metrics, request volumes, error rates, cache rates, origin and nature of malware, and IP threat scores.
3. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Cloudflare only processes personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. As a general matter, for the categories of data described in Section 2 above, except 1.1.1.1 resolver user data as explained below, we may use your personal information to:
Provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Websites and Services for all users of the Websites and Services;
Enable you to access and use the Websites and Services;
Process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
Send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities;
For other purposes for which we obtain your consent.
In addition, we may use the information we collect from Attendees, Websites Visitors, and Registrants, as well as Customer Account Information for the following purposes:
Send commercial communications, in accordance with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners. See Section 9 below for information on managing your communication preferences.
Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Websites and Services and for marketing or advertising purposes;
Personalize the Websites and Services, including by providing features or content that match your interests and preferences;
To register visitors to our offices and to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access; and
Public DNS Resolver Users
. We use information we collect from 1.1.1.1 resolver users to operate and improve the 1.1.1.1 resolver, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts if an issue arises. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not store 1.1.1.1 resolver users’ personal information. We will not combine any information collected from DNS queries to our 1.1.1.1 resolver with any other Cloudflare or third party data in any way that can be used to identify individual end users. Cloudflare may store aggregated data, as outlined within our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitments to privacy, indefinitely in order to power Cloudflare Radar and assist Cloudflare in improving Cloudflare services, such as, enhancing the overall performance of the Cloudflare Resolver and identifying security threats. Learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Information from Third Party Services
. We may combine information we collect as described in Section 2 above with personal information we obtain from third parties. For example, we may combine information entered on a Cloudflare sales submission form with information we receive from a third-party sales intelligence platform vendor to enhance our ability to market our Services to Customers or potential Customers.
4. DATA AGGREGATION
Cloudflare may aggregate data we acquire about our Customers, Administrators, and End Users. For example, we may assemble data to determine how Web crawlers index the Internet and whether they are engaged in malicious activity or to compile web traffic reports and statistics. Non-personally identifiable, aggregated data may be shared with third parties.
5. INFORMATION SHARING
We work with other companies who provide us with services that help run our business and the Cloudflare Service (“Service Providers”). These companies provide services to help us deliver customer support, process credit card payments, manage and contact our existing Customers and Administrators as well as sales leads, provide marketing support, and otherwise operate and improve our Services. These Service Providers may only process personal information pursuant to our instructions and in compliance both with this Privacy Policy, the contracts we have in place with such Service Providers, and other applicable confidentiality, data protection, and security measures and regulations.
Specifically, we do not permit our Service Providers to sell any personal information we share with them or to use any personal information we share with them for their own marketing purposes or for any purpose other than in connection with the services they provide to us.
In addition to sharing with Service Providers as described above, we also may share your information with others in the following circumstances:
Within the Cloudflare Group (defined for the purposes of this Policy as Cloudflare, Inc. (United States) and its subsidiaries listed Section 15);
With our resellers and other sales partners who may help us distribute the Services to Customers;
With an app developer when you install an app from our App Marketplace;
In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business;
When we are required to disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. (Learn more about how we handle law enforcement requests
here
);
Where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our Website Terms of Use, Self-Serve Subscription Agreement, and/or Enterprise Subscription Terms of Service; or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; or
As you may otherwise consent from time to time.
Additional Information on Sharing
Public DNS Resolver Users.
Cloudflare does not share 1.1.1.1 resolver logs with any third parties except for anonymous logs shared with APNIC pursuant to a Research Cooperative Agreement. Learn more about information sharing specific to the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
Registrants.
If you purchase a domain name from Cloudflare’s registrar service, ICANN (The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) and the relevant registry operators overseeing the domain’s top-level domain require us to collect registrant data for the purposes of domain registration and via the WHOIS protocol. We may also be required to share this public data with ICANN, the relevant registry operators and other such providers with whom we contract in order to provide our domain name services, and additionally upon the legitimate request of third parties. Registrant data may include the domain name, registrant name and other contact information, and domain name server information. See our Domain Registration Agreement
here
.
Marketing & Advertising Partners.
Our marketing and advertising partners may collect or receive personal information about you and/or collect certain information about your interactions with our Websites, or your email communications with Cloudflare, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, in order to gain insights that may help us market and advertise our services to you.  You may opt out of such sharing using our “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) on the cloudflare.com homepage.
In addition, we may also provide these marketing and advertising partners with your email address or other limited account information. You may opt out of such sharing by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
These partners’ use of your information will be based on their own privacy policies. We share this personal information for our business purposes.
California residents can find additional information about data sharing for marketing and advertising purposes and their data subject rights in Section 16, below
6. NOTICE TO EU, UK, AND SWISS RESIDENTS
“Personal information” as referenced in this Privacy Policy means “personal data” as that term is defined under the European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) and its United Kingdom (“UK”) GDPR counterpart. Cloudflare is a data controller for the personal information collected from all categories of data subjects listed above, with the following exceptions: Cloudflare is a data processor of Customer Logs, Administrative User logs, and some account settings information. In addition, Cloudflare is a data processor for any of the content provided by Customers and End Users through the Services that transits, or in some cases, is stored on, the Cloudflare network. Where Cloudflare is a data processor, Cloudflare processes data on behalf of its Customers pursuant to their data processing instructions.
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the UK or Switzerland, please note that our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. We normally will collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Cloudflare Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our legitimate interests. Please note that in most cases, if you do not provide the requested information, Cloudflare will not be able to provide the requested service to you.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, you have the right to object by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
7. INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERS
Cloudflare is a U.S. based, global company. We primarily store your information in the United States and the European Economic Area. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Cloudflare Group has operations for the purposes described in this Policy.
Whenever a Cloudflare company transfers personal information originating from one country to another Cloudflare group company or a third party service provider or partner in a different country, we will implement appropriate safeguards, consistent with the laws of the territory from which the data is exported. We describe the safeguards we implement
here
. If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the safeguards Cloudflare has in place to protect your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
When Cloudflare transfers personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (UK) to the United States, we rely on our certifications under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Should these certifications lapse or become otherwise invalidated, Cloudflare relies on the standard contractual clauses, including supplementary measures as necessary for transfers to the United States. We also use standard contractual clauses for other international transfers from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom.
Self-certification to the Data Privacy Framework
Cloudflare complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Cloudflare has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Cloudflare has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF (together, the “DPFs”), Cloudflare commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPFs should first contact us by emailing sar@cloudflare.com or via mail to: Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: Data Protection Officer. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of receipt and verification of your identity.
In compliance with the DPFs, Cloudflare commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the DPFs to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe, LLC are provided at no cost to you. You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other mechanisms set out in this DPF Notice or our Privacy Notice.  For more information, please see Annex 1 of the DPF Principles, available
here
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Cloudflare’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). We may be required to disclose personal information we receive under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Cloudflare is liable for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Cloudflare shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Cloudflare proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
8. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Cloudflare  recognizes individuals’ data protection rights. You have the right to access, correct, update, port, or delete your personal information, and to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (each of these a “Rights Request”). You may email us at sar@cloudflare.com with any Rights Request, and we will respond within thirty (30) days. Customers and Administrative Users also can access, correct, export, or update their Account Information by editing their profile or organization record at Cloudflare.com.
Please note that before we can complete your Rights Request, we will need to verify that your identity matches that of the data in which you are requesting to exercise your rights. You can expect a verification email under separate cover, to the email address associated with your personal information on file. If you are making a Rights Request on behalf of another individual as an authorized agent, we require that either (a) the data subject must verify their identity and directly confirm with Cloudflare they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the Rights Request, (b) the authorized agent must be provided power of attorney by the data subject in accordance with the law of the data subject’s jurisdiction, or (c) the Rights Request must otherwise be submitted in accordance with applicable privacy law.
For any Rights Request, we will need to verify a requestor is inquiring about their own information before we can assist. Where a Rights Request may implicate the personal information of another individual, we must balance the request against the risk of violating another person’s privacy rights. We will comply with Rights Requests to the extent required by applicable law or the Swiss-U.S. or EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. In the event that your Rights Request is denied, residents of the U.S. states Virginia and Colorado may appeal our decision by responding to the email informing them of the denial or by submitting a Rights Request to appeal to sar@cloudflare.com, and we will respond within sixty (60) days. In the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Please note that we do not retain any personal information about 1.1.1.1 resolver users that would be subject to the Rights Requests described above. In addition, Cloudflare has no direct relationship with End Users. Even where “Cloudflare” may be indicated as the authoritative name server for a domain, unless Cloudflare is the owner of that domain, we have no control over a domain’s content. Accordingly, we rely upon our Customers to comply with the underlying legal requirements for Rights Requests in accordance with their obligations under applicable data protection laws. If an End User requests that we fulfill a Rights Request, we will direct that End User to contact the Customer website(s) with which they interacted directly. Our Customers are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their website users.
9. COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
Cloudflare will send you commercial communications based on the communication preferences in your account settings. Cloudflare also will send you service-related communications. You may manage your receipt of commercial communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of such emails, through your account settings if you have a Cloudflare account, or you may send a request to unsubscribe@cloudflare.com.
10. DATA SECURITY, DATA INTEGRITY AND ACCESS
We take all reasonable steps to protect information we receive from you from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We have put in place appropriate physical, technical and administrative measures to safeguard and secure your information, and we make use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
11. DATA RETENTION
We store your personal information for a period of time that is consistent with the business purposes set forth in Section 3 of this policy or as long as needed to fulfill and comply with legal obligations. The criteria we used to determine how long we store your personal information will vary depending on several different factors. We typically consider the following when determining data retention:
The purpose for collecting the personal information in the first place. For example, if you have an active account with us, we need to keep your contact information during the entirety of that time in order to provide you with support or contact you regarding your account;
The volume, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information we are processing;
The potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information;
Whether we can achieve the purposes for processing with less data or through other means
Legal requirements that may apply to the data, such as applicable statutes of limitation or contractual obligations.
When the data retention period expires for a given type of data, we will delete or destroy it. If, for technical reasons, we are unable to do so, we will implement appropriate security measures to prevent any further use of such data.
12. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we make changes to this Policy that we believe materially impact the privacy of your personal information, we will promptly provide notice of any such changes (and, where necessary, obtain consent), as well as post the updated Policy on this website noting the effective date of any changes.
13. BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS
We may assign or transfer this Policy, as well as information covered by this Policy, in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business.
14. ENGLISH LANGUAGE CONTROLS
Non-English translations of this Policy are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If you have an unresolved privacy or data-use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
16. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household as defined in the CCPA. It does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
How We Collect, Use, and Share Your Personal Information under the CCPA
We may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes, the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers for the categories of individuals/users defined in Section 1 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy (e.g., email address of Customers and Administrative Users, name and contact information of Attendees);
Payment and customer records information of our Customers;
Protected classification characteristics (e.g., age, ethnicity, race, languages spoken, or gender) to the extent these characteristics are voluntarily disclosed to us or contained in any  content transmitted across or stored on our network;
Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or usage histories);
Professional or employment information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information; and
Inferences (e.g., information about your interests or preferences).
The sources from which we collect information are described in Section 2 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect and use this information are described in Section 3 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” the information for a business purpose are described in Section 5 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Knowledge
. You can request information about what personal information we have collected about you, including:
the categories of personal information;
the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correction
. You can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal information and, taking into account the purpose of processing the personal information, ensure it is complete;
Opt-out of sales or sharing
. You can ask that we do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information as “sell” and “share” are explicitly defined under the CCPA. For more information, please refer to the section titled “Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information” below.
Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you the Services; increasing the price/rate of the Services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
In order to submit a request to exercise your right of information, access, or deletion pursuant to the CCPA, please follow the instructions for the submitting a Rights Request detailed in Section 8, above. Please note, we reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and may need to confirm your identity to process certain requests using the verification methods described in Section 8. For example, we take reasonable precautions to verify the identities of those California residents submitting requests to delete or access Personal Information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information
Cloudflare does not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Information to business partners for their use. Making Personal Information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information under the CCPA.
You can request to opt out of such “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information using the “
Your Privacy Choices”
link in the footer below
.
In addition, some internet browsers offer the option to enable opt-out signals such as Global Privacy Control that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. Cloudflare responds to these signals by processing them as a request to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information as discussed above.
Please note that you will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. We do not impose verification protocols for processing opt out requests unless we have reason to question the authenticity of a requester’s identity, in which case we may request evidence of identity and California residency.
17. CONTACT INFORMATION
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Canada) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
Suite 2600, Three Bentall Centre
595 Burrard Street, P.O. Box 49314
Vancouver, BC V7X 1L3
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare, Ltd.
County Hall/The Riverside Building
Belvedere Road
London, SE1 7PB
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Largo Rafael Bordalo Pinheiro 29
1200-369 Lisboa
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Germany GmbH
Rosental 7
80331 München
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare France SAS
6 place de la Madeleine
75008 Paris
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Netherlands B.V.
Keizersgracht 62,
1015CS Amsterdam
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Pte., Ltd.
182 Cecil Street, #35-01
Frasers Tower, Singapore 069547
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Australia Pty Ltd.
333 George St., 5th Floor
Sydney, NSW 2000
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
16 South Guangshun Street
Donghuang Building 17th Floor
Chaoyang District Beijing 100015
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Japan K.K.
Marunouchi Kitaguchi Building 9F
1-6-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo, 100-0005
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Middle East FZ-LLC
DIC 1 Internet City Road
Building 1, Ground Floor, Office 17
Jumeirah
Dubai UAE
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare India Private Limited
No. 215 Richmond Towers, 12 Richmond Road, Richmond Town
Banglore, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560025
Attention: Grievance Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Area 1 Security, LLC
838 Walker Road Suite 21-2,
Dover, DE, 19904
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Korea LLC
8-113 (Samseong-dong), Teheran-ro 507
Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea, 06168
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Mexico S. de R.L de C.V.
Bosque de Ciruelos No. 180 int. PP 101, Col. Bosque de las Lomas, Miguel Hidalgo
Ciudad de México, 11700, México
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
Level 21, Suite 21.01, The Gardens South Tower,
Mid Valley City,
Lingkaran Syed Putra,
Kuala Lumpur
Wilayah Persekutuan
59200
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Getting Started
Free plans
For enterprises
Compare plans
Domain name search
Get a recommendation
Request a demo
Contact sales
Resources
Learning center
Analyst reports
Cloudflare Radar
Cloudflare TV
Case studies
Webinars
White Papers
Developer docs
Architecture Center
theNET
Blog
Find an expert
Solutions
Connectivity cloud
SSE and SASE services
Application services
Network services
Developer services
Community
Community hub
Project Galileo
Athenian Project
Cloudflare for Campaigns
Critical Infrastructure Defense Project
Support
Help center
Cloudflare status
Trust-hub
Compliance
GDPR
Trust & safety
Company
About Cloudflare
Our team
Investor relations
Press
Careers
Diversity, equity, & inclusion
Impact/ESG
Network map
Logos & press kit
Become a partner
Sub-policy 4
https://www.solarwinds.com/legal/privacy:
___
SolarWinds Privacy Notice
Last updated 14 December 2023
Last updated 14 December 2023
Our Services
Scope of this Privacy Notice/Overview
Customer Data
Other Notices
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Use of Personal Data
How We Collect Personal Data
Disclosures of Personal Data
International Transfers of Personal Data
Children
Marketing
Security
Retention of Personal Data
Third Party Links
Privacy Rights and Choices
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Contact Information
Additional Information for Individuals in Certain Jurisdictions
Last updated 14 December 2023
SolarWinds Corporation US, SolarWinds Worldwide, LLC, SolarWinds Software Europe DAC and our affiliated companies and subsidiaries (“
SolarWinds
,” “
we
,” “
us
” or “
our
”) recognize the importance of privacy, security, and transparency. In this Privacy Notice, we explain how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Data as a “controller” or a “business” and the choices individuals have regarding their Personal Data. We also explain your rights as a data subject (or consumer) and how to get in touch with us regarding our processing of your Personal Data.
Further information about SolarWinds’ efforts and commitment to data privacy and security can be found in our
Security Statement
and on the SolarWinds
website
. For a list of our affiliated companies please refer to our
Sub-Processor List
.
Our Services
SolarWinds services include IT management and monitoring solutions, such as network, systems and database management, security solutions, applications and infrastructure monitoring (“
Services
”), which may be offered or purchased, directly and through distributors and resellers.
Scope of this Privacy Notice/Overview
SolarWinds collects Personal Data as part of its normal business operations and in the administration of customer relationships. “
Customers
” include our customers and visitors to the SolarWinds website(s), our business partners, and individuals who register to use our products and Services, or to attend corporate events. References to “
Personal Data
” in this Privacy Notice means information that identifies or relates to an identifiable individual or is linked or reasonably linkable to an individual.
This Privacy Notice applies to and describes the Personal Data that we collect as a “data controller” or a “business,” including the Personal Data that we collect about:
Visitors of the SolarWinds website(s);
Business partners;
Individuals who register to use our products and Services;
Individuals who register for or attend our webinars, conferences, and other events; or
Other individuals who communicate or interact with us about our products, Services, or business.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the Personal Data that we collect and process about employees, applicants and contractors; different privacy notices apply to those data sets. Further, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the Personal Data that we receive, process or store on behalf of our Customers (“
Customer Data
”), as further explained below.
Customer Data
We are a “processor” or “service provider” for Customer Data and process Customer Data on behalf of and in accordance with the instructions of our Customers, who are the “controllers” or “businesses” for their respective Customer Data. Customer Data is owned and controlled by our Customers. Customer Data may include information from the end points and other systems, tools, or devices that Customers manage or monitor using our Services, and end user data related to activities on the relevant networks and systems. It may also include event logs, end user information (such as IP address, email address and computer name), and other Personal Data, where relevant. Our Customers’ respective privacy policies apply to and govern the processing of Customer Data, not this Privacy Notice. For privacy information related to Customer Data, please reach out to the Customer directly. Our Customers’ privacy and security practices are their own and differ from those set forth in this Privacy Notice.
Other Notices
Additional disclosures or information about processing of Personal Data related to specific websites, mobile applications, products, services, or programs may be provided to you. These may supplement and/or clarify SolarWinds privacy practices in specific circumstances and provide you with additional choices as to how SolarWinds may process your Personal Data.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
The Personal Data we collect, and how we use it, varies depending upon the nature of our relationship and interactions with you. We collect the following types of Personal Data:
Identifiers
: includes direct identifiers, such as name, username, account name, address, phone number, email address, online identifiers, IP address, or other similar identifiers.
Customer records
: includes Personal Data, such as name, signature, contact information, and payment information that individuals provide us in order to purchase or obtain our products and Services. We may also collect billing address, financial accounts, credit card information, order details, subscription and license information, and usage details. In addition, we collect user credentials and profile data (name, contact, authorized users).
Customer Support and Service information
: when Customers contact us for support or other customer service requests, we maintain support tickets and other records related to the requests. We may also collect call recordings related to support and customer service-related calls.
Commercial information
: includes records, products, or Services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories.
Usage details
: we collect information about Customers’ usage of our Services, including IP address, Customer ID, email address, domain, date time and duration of visits to our websites, page visits, information about your computer or device including browser type, and other usage statistics, such as browsing history, clickstream data, search history, access logs, and other usage data and information regarding an individual’s interaction with our websites and Services, our marketing emails and online ads.
Geolocation data
: includes precise location information about a particular individual or device.
Audio, video and electronic data
: includes audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as CCTV footage (e.g., collected from visitors to our offices) and call recordings (e.g. of Customer support calls).
Professional information
: includes professional and employment-related information, such as current and former employer(s) and position(s) and business contact information.
Inferences
: includes inferences drawn from other personal information that we collect to create a profile reflecting an individual’s preferences, behavior, or other characteristics. For example, we may analyze Personal Data in order to identify the offers and information that may be most relevant to Customers, so that we can better reach them with relevant offers and ads.
Use of Personal Data
Certain laws, including the GDPR and UK GDPR, require that we inform you of the purposes for using your Personal Data and the legal bases for this processing. The following table explains why we process particular categories of Personal Data.
Purpose of use
Category of Personal Data used
Legal basis for use
Operating websites and Services and providing related support:
to provide and operate the Services, communicate with you about your use of the Services, provide troubleshooting and technical support, respond to your inquiries, fulfill your orders and requests, process your payments, communicate with you, and for similar service and support purposes.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
Performance of our contract with you
Responding to requests:
to respond to your inquiries and requests.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Customer Support and Service information
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Geolocation data
-Audio, video and electronic data
Performance of our contract with you
Analyzing and improving our websites, the Services, and our business:
to better understand how you access and use the Services, in order to administer, monitor, and improve our Services, for our internal purposes, and for other research and analytical purposes including machine learning, and artificial intelligence.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Customer Support and Service information
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Geolocation data
-Audio, video and electronic data
-Inferences
Our legitimate interests
Personalizing experiences:
to tailor content we may send or display on our websites, including to offer location customization and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Customer Support and Service information
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Geolocation data
-Audio, video and electronic data
-Inferences
Our legitimate interests
Advertising and marketing to Customers:
to promote our Services on third party websites, as well as for direct marketing purposes, including sending you newsletters, Customer alerts and information we think may interest you.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Customer Support and Service information
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Geolocation data
-Audio, video and electronic data
-Inferences
Our legitimate interests and/or with your consent, where required
Protecting our legal rights and preventing misuse:
to protect the Services and our business operations; to prevent, detect and investigate fraud, misuse, harassment or other types of unlawful activities; where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety or legal rights of any person or third party, or violations of this policy and our applicable agreements and terms of use.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Customer Support and Service information
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Geolocation data
Our legitimate interests and/or compliance with laws
Complying with legal obligations:
to comply with the law or legal proceedings. For example, we may disclose information in response to subpoenas, court orders, and other lawful requests by regulators and law enforcement, including responding to national security or law enforcement disclosure requirements.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Professional information
Our legitimate interests; and/or compliance with laws
Related to our general business operations:
to consider and implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, and other business transactions, and where necessary to the administration of our general business, accounting, recordkeeping and legal functions.
-Identifiers
-Customer records
-Customer Support and Service information
-Commercial information
-Usage details
-Professional information
Our legitimate interests; and/or compliance with laws
Legitimate Interests
.
In all cases where legitimate interests are relied upon as a lawful basis, we take steps to ensure that our legitimate interests are not outweighed by any prejudice to your rights and freedoms. This is achieved in a number of ways, including the application of principles of data minimization and security, and by taking steps to ensure that Personal Data is collected only where it is relevant and is reasonably necessary for the legitimate purposes for which we use it.
Compliance with a legal obligation
.
As outlined above, we may process information to comply with a legal obligation including, for example, to access, preserve or disclose certain information if there is a valid legal request. Please contact us if you have questions on the laws that may require us to process information including Personal Data.
California Residents
.
If you are a California resident, please be sure to review the section Additional Information for Individuals in Certain Jurisdictions below for important information about our privacy practices and your rights under California privacy laws, including your right to submit a “Do not sell my personal information” request.
How We Collect Personal Data
SolarWinds collects Personal Data through its normal business operations and in the administration of Customer relationships, which may include:
Data Submitted on Websites.
In order to enjoy the full functionality of the websites or to conduct business with us, you may be prompted to provide certain Personal Data to us:
By filling in forms (for example, a “Contact Us” form) on our websites, at a trade show, or anywhere else we conduct business;
By downloading or accessing the SolarWinds Services;
By downloading documentation from our websites;
By subscribing to newsletters or other communications; or
By corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise using our contact details. Typically, Personal Data includes name, business affiliation, business address, telephone number, and email address, and any other personal details provided or required to resolve inquiries or complaints.
Customer Support and Service.
When Customers contact us for support or other customer service requests, we maintain support tickets and other records related to the requests. We may also collect call recordings related to support and customer service-related calls.
Business Contact and Customer Relationship Management.
We collect and maintain information about our Customers, including from social networks, which may include company name, business contact name and title, phone number, email, and other contact details. We may also collect billing address, financial account, credit card information, order details, subscription and license information, and usage details. In addition, we collect user credential and profile data (name, contact, authorized users).
Usage Details.
We collect information about Customers’ usage of our Services, including IP address, Customer ID, email address, and other usage statistics. We do not collect usage details about Customer end users, except as necessary to provide and support the Services requested by Customers. When you visit our websites, our server automatically collects certain browser or device-generated information, which may in some cases constitute Personal Data, including but not limited to:
Your domain;
Your IP address;
The date, time, and duration of your visit;
Your browser type;
Your operating system;
Your page visits;
Information from third parties;
Other information about your computer or device; or
Internet traffic.
Third Parties
. We also obtain Personal Data about Customers from third parties unless prohibited by applicable law, including third parties unless prohibited by applicable law, including third parties from whom we have purchased Personal Data, public databases, resellers, channel partners, and marketing partners. We combine this information with Personal Data provided by you. This helps us to update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you.
Cookies
. Our websites use cookies. More information about our use of cookies can be found in our Cookie Policy here:
https://www.solarwinds.com/cookies
.
Aggregate and De-identified Data
. We may de-identify and aggregate Personal Data we collect such that the data no longer identifies or can be linked to a particular Customer or an individual data subject (“
De-Identified Data
”), subject to the terms of any applicable customer agreements. We may use this De-Identified Data to improve our Services, analyze trends, publish market research, and for other marketing, research, or statistical purposes, and may disclose such data to third parties for these specific purposes.
Other Data
. SolarWinds collects, uses and maintains certain other data related to its business and the Services it provides to Customers, which is not Personal Data; this Privacy Notice does not restrict our use and processing of such data.
Disclosures of Personal Data
SolarWinds is a global group of companies, and we share Personal Data with our affiliated businesses as part of our business operations and administration of the Services. We may also appoint third party service providers (who will operate under our instructions) to assist us in providing information, products or services to you, in conducting and managing our business, or in managing and improving our Services or the websites. SolarWinds may share your Personal Data with these affiliates and third parties to perform Services on SolarWinds’s behalf, subject to appropriate contractual restrictions and security measures. In general, we may disclose Personal Data as follows:
Customers:
if you use, access or communicate with us about our Services on behalf of your company (our Customer), we may share Personal Data about your access, and your communications or requests, with the relevant Customer.
Service providers:
to third party service providers who perform functions on our behalf. Third party service providers will only process your Personal Data in accordance with our instructions and will implement adequate security measures to protect your Personal Data.
Advertising and analytics partners:
to third parties we engage to provide advertising, campaign measurement, online and mobile analytics, and related services to us (with your consent, where required by applicable laws).
In response to legal process:
in order to comply with the law, judicial proceedings, a court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a subpoena.
To protect our rights:
where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of the SolarWinds Terms of Use or this Policy, to respond to claims asserted against us, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Business transfers:
as part of any merger, sale, and transfer of our assets, acquisition, or restructuring of all or part of our business, bankruptcy, or similar event, including related to due diligence conducted prior to such event where permitted by law.
Aggregate or Anonymous Data.
We also may share aggregate, anonymous, or de-identified data with third parties for research, analytics, and other purposes, provided such information does not identify an individual.
International Transfers of Personal Data
SolarWinds and our service providers may transfer your Personal Data to, or access it in, jurisdictions that do not include equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. This includes the United States and other jurisdictions where we, our affiliates, and service providers have operations. In addition, our subprocessors are located around the world, as described in our
subprocessor list
. We will take steps to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it, that is essentially equivalent to the level of protection afforded to your Personal Data in your home jurisdiction, including through appropriate written data processing terms and/or data transfer agreements.
Individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA) and United Kingdom (UK).
If you are in the EEA or the UK, and we process your Personal Data in a jurisdiction that the European Commission has deemed to not provide an adequate level of data protection (a “third country”), we will implement measures to adequately protect your personal data, including by putting in place standard contractual clauses for international transfers of personal data, as approved by the European Commission (the form for the standard contractual clauses can be viewed
here
). To obtain additional details of the mechanism under which your Personal Data is transferred outside of the EEA or UK, you may request such details by contacting
privacy@SolarWinds.com
.
Children
The SolarWinds websites, Services and portal are not for use by children under the age of 16 years and SolarWinds does not knowingly collect, store, share or use the Personal Data of children under 16 years. If you are under the age of 16 years, please do not provide any Personal Data to SolarWinds, even if prompted to do so. If you are under the age of 16 years and you have provided Personal Data, please ask your parent(s) or guardian(s) to notify SolarWinds, and SolarWinds will delete all such Personal Data.
Marketing
Where lawful to do so, and subject to your consent where required, we may communicate with Customers (and related business contacts) about our Services. If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications, please visit the Email Preference Center on our website or use the Email Preference Center link in our promotional emails to request cessation of these communications.
Security
SolarWinds maintains (and requires its service providers to maintain) organizational and technical measures designed to protect the security and confidentiality of Personal Data we process. Various measures that SolarWinds utilizes are further described in our
Security Statement
. However, no environment or security procedures or protocols are ever guaranteed to be 100% secure or error-free. Accordingly, we cannot be held responsible for unauthorized or unintended access that is beyond our control. We encourage you to take care when disclosing Personal Data online and use readily available tools and security measures to protect yourself online.
Retention of Personal Data
We generally keep Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. In some circumstances, however, we may retain Personal Data for other periods of time, including where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax, and accounting requirements or if required to do so by a legal process, legal authority, or other governmental entity capable of making this request. In specific circumstances, we may also retain your Personal Data for longer periods of time, which may correspond to a statute of limitations, so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges.
Third Party Links
The websites may contain links to third party websites. SolarWinds does not control and is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites. SolarWinds accepts no responsibility arising from or regarding such third-party websites.
Privacy Rights and Choices
In this section, we describe the rights and choices you have regarding your Personal Data. You may submit a request to exercise your rights in respect of your Personal Data to us
here
. We will respond to your request as is required under applicable law. In certain jurisdictions you have further rights in respect of your Personal Data, please see the
Additional Information for Individuals in Certain Jurisdictions
section of this Notice, below.
If you would like to submit a request relating to Customer Data, you should contact the relevant Customer directly; if you submit a request to us related to Customer Data, we will forward your request to the relevant Customer (where known) so that they may respond to your request.
Access, correction, and deletion
.
You may submit requests for access, correction, or deletion to us as directed above by contacting us
here
. We will process your request in accordance with applicable privacy laws. We may ask you for additional information so that we can confirm your identity or process your request.
Direct marketing
.
You may always opt out of direct marketing emails. If you would like to unsubscribe from SolarWinds marketing emails or otherwise change your email preferences, go to our Email Preference Center on our Site or use the Email Preference Center link in our promotional emails to request cessation of these communications. We may continue to send you transactional or service-related communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages.
Complaints
.
If you have any concerns about our use of your Personal Data, you can make a complaint to us at
privacy@SolarWinds.com
. We will take steps to try to resolve any complaint you raise regarding our treatment of your Personal Data. You also have the right to raise a complaint with the privacy regulator in your jurisdiction. You can file a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission in Ireland or with your local data protection authority where applicable. Please contact us at
privacy@SolarWinds.com
if you have any questions about how to raise a complaint.
Additional information for certain jurisdictions
.
In the section
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
below, we provide additional information as required under California privacy laws, as well as the GDPR, UK GDPR, and the LGPD. Users in California, the EEA and the UK should review this section for more information regarding their rights under these respective laws.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
SolarWinds will review and update this Privacy Notice periodically to respond to changing legal, technical, and business developments. We will note the date of its most recent revision herein. We will notify you directly where we have made substantial updates to this Privacy Notice, and we also recommend that you review this Privacy Notice periodically.
Contact Information
If you have any questions in relation to this Privacy Notice, please contact us at
privacy@SolarWinds.com
. In Singapore our Data Protection Officer is Lim Chong Kin who can be reached at
DPO_Services@drewdataservices.com
or +65 6531 3699.
Additional Information for Individuals in Certain Jurisdictions
Additional Information for EEA/UK Users
.
If you are a data subject located in the EEA and the UK, you have the following rights under the GDPR/UK GDPR (as applicable) in respect of your Personal Data:
To
obtain a copy
of your Personal Data together with information about how and on what basis that Personal Data is processed;
To
rectify
inaccurate Personal Data (including the right to have incomplete Personal Data completed);
In limited circumstances, to
port your data
in machine-readable format to a third party (or to you) when we justify our processing on the basis of your consent or the performance of a contract with you;
To
request the erasure
your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed;
To
object to the processing
of your Personal Data where that processing is based on our legitimate interests. We will no longer process Personal Data where you have so objected, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override the interests, rights and freedoms of you as data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. You also have the right to object at any time to any processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling for marketing purposes.
To
restrict the processing
of your Personal Data, where you have objected to the processing of your personal data, where you have contested to accuracy of your data, where it has been established that processing is unlawful or where you require your personal data for a legal claim.
To
withdraw your consent
to our processing of your Personal Data (where that processing is based on your consent). This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before that consent is withdrawn; and
To
obtain or see a copy of the appropriate safeguards
under which your Personal Data is transferred to a third country or international organization.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection.
To exercise such rights, please contact us at
privacy@SolarWinds.com
or submit a personal data request at
Personal Data Request Inquiry
. Please note that we may request proof of identity, and we reserve the right to charge a fee and/or refuse to act on a request where permitted by law, especially if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. We will endeavor to respond to your request within all applicable timeframes required by law.
If you contact us regarding Customer Data for which we are a data processor, we will attempt to refer your request to the relevant Customer as data controller for your Personal Data. You may also reach out to that Customer directly.
Additional Information for California Residents
.
In this section, we provide additional information to California residents about how we handle their personal information, as required under California privacy laws including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”). This section does not address or apply to our collection and processing of:
Customer Data
: as noted above, we are a “service provider” or “processor” for such data, which means that our processing of Customer Data on behalf of a Customer is subject to our contractual agreements with that Customer. We only process Customer Data on behalf of the relevant Customer and in compliance with our applicable agreements with the respective Customer.
Data that Is Exempt from CCPA
: including publicly available information lawfully made available by state or federal government records or other personal information that is exempt under the CCPA.
While our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information varies based upon our relationship and interactions with you, in this section we describe, generally, how we have collected and disclosed personal information about California residents in the prior 12 months (from the last updated date above).
Categories of personal information collected and disclosed
. The table below identifies the categories of personal information (as defined by the CCPA) we have collected about California residents within the last 12 months, as well as how we have disclosed such information for a business purpose. For more information about the business and commercial purposes for which we collect, use, and disclose personal information, please see the
Use of Personal Data
and
Disclosures of Personal Data
sections above.
Personal information collected from CA residents
Categories of third parties to whom we may disclose information of CA residents
Categories
Description
Identifiers
Includes direct identifiers, such as name, alias user ID, username, account number; email address, phone number, address and other contact information; IP address and other online identifiers; other government identifiers; and other similar identifiers.
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customers
Customer Records
Includes personal information, such as name, account name, user ID, contact information, employment information, account number, and financial or payment information, that individuals provide us in order to purchase or obtain our products and services. For example, this may include account registration information, or information collected when an individual purchases or orders our products and services, or enters into an agreement with us related to our products and services.
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
our affiliates and subsidiaries
business partners who provide services you request
Commercial Information
Includes records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies.
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
data brokers
business customers
Usage Details
Includes browsing history, clickstream data, geolocation data, search history, access logs and other usage data and information regarding an individual’s interaction with our websites, mobile apps, and other Services, and our marketing emails and online ads.
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
Audio, Video and Electronic Data
Includes audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as thermal screenings and CCTV footage (e.g., collected from visitors to our offices/premises), photographs and images (e.g., that you provide us or post to your profile) and call recordings (e.g., of customer support calls).
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
affiliates and subsidiaries
Professional Information
Includes professional and employment-related information such as business contact information and professional memberships.
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
affiliates and subsidiaries
Inferences
Includes inferences drawn from other personal information that we collect to create a profile reflecting an individual’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes. For example, we may analyze personal information in order to identify the offers and information that may be most relevant to Customers, so that we can better reach them with relevant offers and ads.
service providers
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement (to the extent required by law)
our affiliates and subsidiaries
analytics providers
Sales of personal information.
The CCPA defines “sell” broadly to include disclosing or making available personal information to a third party in order to receive certain benefits or services from them. While we do not “sell” personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation, we may make personal information available, which may be defined as a sale by the CCPA; this is common practice among companies that operate online, such as when we make browsing information available to third party ad companies (through third party tags on our Sites) in order to improve and measure our ad campaigns and reach users with more relevant ads and content. As defined by the CCPA, we may “sell” usage details and identifiers to third party advertising networks, social networks, and data analytics providers. To learn more, please see the
Cookies
section of our Privacy Notice and our
Cookie Policy
.
Sources of personal information.
As further described in the “
How We Collect Personal
” section in the body of this Privacy Notice, above, we may collect personal information from the following sources:
Our Customers
Business partners and affiliates
Directly from the individual
Advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Social networks
Internet service providers
Operating systems and platforms
Publicly available sources
California residents’ rights.
In general, California residents have the following rights with respect to their personal information:
Do-not-sell (opt out):
to opt out of our sale of their personal information (via cookies, web beacons, and tags on our Sites), by using our preference manager. We do not knowingly sell personal information about California residents younger than 16.
Right of deletion:
to request deletion of their personal information that we have collected about them and to have such personal information deleted (without charge), subject to certain exceptions.
Right to know:
with respect to the personal information we have collected about them in the prior 12 months, to require that we disclose the following to them (up to twice per year and subject to certain exemptions):
Categories of personal information collected;
Categories of sources of personal information;
Categories of personal information about them we have disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
Categories of third parties to whom we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose their personal information;
The business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling their personal information; and
A copy of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about them.
Right to non-discrimination:
the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment for exercising their rights under the CCPA.
Submitting CCPA requests.
California residents may submit CCPA requests:
Online at the SolarWinds data subject request form;
By emailing
privacy@SolarWinds.com
with the subject line “California Rights Request: California Consumer Rights”; or
California residents also may opt out of sales of their personal information (via cookies and tags on our Sites), by using our preference manager.
When you submit a request to know or delete, we will need to verify your identity before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account, if you have one. In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law. Authorized agents may initiate a request on behalf of another individual by contacting us as set forth in the Contact Information section above. Authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization, and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent.
California’s “Shine the Light” law.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section §1798.83) provides certain rights to California residents free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we have shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes; such requests may be made once per calendar year for information about any relevant third party sharing in the prior calendar year (e.g., requests submitted in 2021 would be applicable to relevant disclosures (if any) in 2020). If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing by emailing us at
privacy@SolarWinds.com
using the subject line “Request for California STL Information.” In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address. We will reply to valid requests by sending a response to the email address from which you submitted your request. Please note that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing and the relevant details required by the Shine the Light law will be included in our response.
For more information about our privacy practices, you may contact us as set forth in the
Contact Information
section above.
We also discuss SolarWinds’ efforts and commitment to data protection further in the
Security Statement
and
SolarWinds GDPR Resource Center
.
Sub-policy 5
https://policy.pinterest.com/nl/privacy-policy:
Beleid
Voorwaarden
Privacy
Community
Verkoper
Adverteren
Ontwikkelaars
Copyright
Merk
Handhaving
Transparantie
Gespreksopnamen
Voor bezoekers
Privacybeleid
Ons Privacybeleid wordt bijgewerkt met ingang van 30 april 2025. Je kunt het bijgewerkte Privacybeleid
hier
bekijken.
Privacyverklaring Californië
Inwoners van Californië: lees
hier
onze Privacyverklaring en Kennisgeving bij verzamelen.
Overzicht van wijzigingen
We doen ons best om ons gebruik van persoonsgegevens transparant te maken en je gemakkelijk inzicht in je rechten en opties te bieden. We hebben meer informatie toegevoegd over de persoonsgegevens die we verzamelen en hoe we die kunnen delen.
Bedankt voor het gebruiken van Pinterest!
Het is onze missie om alle mensen de inspiratie te geven om het leven van hun dromen op te bouwen. Daartoe laten we je gepersonaliseerde content en advertenties zien die volgens ons interessant voor je zijn op basis van informatie die we bij jou en andere partijen verzamelen.
We hebben dit beleid opgesteld om je inzicht te geven in de gegevens die we verzamelen, hoe we die gebruiken en welke opties je daarbij hebt. Sommige van de onderstaande concepten zijn enigszins technisch, maar we hebben ons best gedaan om alles op een eenvoudige en duidelijke manier uit te leggen.
Toepassingsgebied van het Privacybeleid
Dit is het wereldwijde Privacybeleid van Pinterest. We hebben hieronder aangegeven welke artikelen op jou van toepassing zijn op basis van waar je woont.
Voor de toepassing van de Algemene Verordening Gegevensbescherming ("
AVG
") zijn Pinterest Europe Ltd. en Pinterest, Inc., als je een inwoner bent van de EER, Zwitserland of het Verenigd Koninkrijk, gezamenlijk de verwerkingsverantwoordelijken van je persoonsgegevens. Pinterest Europe Ltd. is een Ierse vennootschap met maatschappelijke zetel te Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ierland. Pinterest, Inc. is een Amerikaanse vennootschap met statutaire zetel te 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, VS. Pinterest Europe Ltd is als verwerkingsverantwoordelijke verantwoordelijk voor de nakoming van wezenlijke verplichtingen onder de AVG. Als je vragen hebt over onze activiteiten in verband met gegevensverwerking, kun je contact opnemen met onze
functionaris voor de gegevensbescherming
.
We verzamelen op verschillende manieren gegevens
1. Wanneer je ons de informatie geeft of toestemming geeft om die te verkrijgen
Wanneer je gebruikmaakt van websites, apps, diensten, technologieën, API's of widgets van Pinterest of van andere
producten
of functies die we aanbieden ("Pinterest" of de "Diensten"), deel je vrijwillig bepaalde informatie.
Accountgegevens
: Wanneer je gebruikmaakt van onze Diensten, verzamelen we gegevens zoals je naam, e-mailadres, geboortedatum, gender, het land waarin je woont, je interesses en voorkeurstaal. Als je een zakelijk account hebt, kun je, afhankelijk van waar je woont, mogelijk ook informatie over ras en etniciteit toevoegen aan je profiel.
Content
: we verzamelen gegevens wanneer je pins, foto's of andere content bewaart of uploadt, wanneer je iets met pins of andere content doet (bijvoorbeeld opmerkingen plaatsen of een pin toevoegen) of wanneer je berichten verzendt en met andere gebruikers communiceert.
Precieze locatiegegevens
: afhankelijk van waar je woont, kun je ervoor kiezen om je precieze locatie te delen via de instellingen van je apparaat.
Je communicatie met ons
: als je contact met ons opneemt voor ondersteuning of anderszins met ons communiceert, verzamelen we de inhoud van dergelijke communicatie.
Je contacten
: als je er eerder voor hebt gekozen om je contacten met je account te synchroniseren, blijven we bepaalde gegevens verwerken over je contacten die tevens gebruikers zijn op Pinterest, zodat jullie elkaar in onze Diensten kunnen vinden.
2. We verzamelen ook technische informatie als je Pinterest gebruikt
Als je een website, applicatie voor mobiele apparaten of andere internetdienst gebruikt, worden automatisch bepaalde gegevens over internet- en netwerkactiviteit gegenereerd en vastgelegd. Dit gebeurt ook wanneer je Pinterest gebruikt. Wij verzamelen onder meer de volgende soorten gegevens:
Apparaatgegevens
: We verzamelen gegevens van het apparaat dat je gebruikt om toegang te krijgen tot onze Diensten, waaronder het type apparaat, het besturingssysteem, de netwerkprovider, de instellingen en unieke identificatiegegevens van je apparaat.
Loggegevens
: Wanneer je onze Diensten gebruikt, registreren onze servers bepaalde gegevens ("loggegevens"), inclusief gegevens die je browser automatisch verstuurt wanneer je een website bezoekt of die je mobiele app automatisch verstuurt wanneer je die app gebruikt. Deze loggegevens omvatten bijvoorbeeld je IP-adres (Internet Protocol), activiteit op de websites die je bezoekt en die gebruikmaken van functies van Pinterest (zoals de bewaarknop), het browsertype en de instellingen van je browser, en de datum en tijd waarop je de Diensten hebt gebruikt.
Meer informatie over de loggegevens die we verzamelen
, vind je hier.
Gegevens van cookies en vergelijkbare technologieën
: We gebruiken ook 'cookies' of vergelijkbare technologieën om loggegevens te verzamelen. We gebruiken cookies bijvoorbeeld om je taalvoorkeuren of andere instellingen op te slaan, zodat je ze niet telkens opnieuw hoeft in te stellen wanneer je Pinterest bezoekt. Raadpleeg ons
Cookiebeleid
voor meer informatie over hoe we cookies gebruiken.
Gebruiksgegevens en gevolgtrekkingen
. Wanneer je onze Diensten gebruikt, gebruiken we je activiteit (zoals de pins waarop je klikt, de zoekwoorden die je gebruikt, de borden die je maakt en tekst die je toevoegt aan een opmerking of beschrijving), samen met de informatie die je hebt verstrekt bij je aanvankelijke registratie, en informatie van onze partners en adverteerders om gevolgtrekkingen te maken over jou en je voorkeuren. Als je bijvoorbeeld een bord over reizen maakt, maken we daaruit op dat je een reisliefhebber bent. We kunnen ook andere informatie afleiden, zoals je opleiding of professionele ervaring.
Locatiegegevens
: We gebruiken je IP-adres om een schatting te maken van je locatie, zelfs als je er niet voor kiest om je precieze locatie te delen. Bovendien kunnen foto's die je deelt, informatie bevatten over de locatie waar ze zijn gemaakt.
Keuzes van gebruikers
: We houden de keuzes bij die je maakt in je instellingen, waaronder privacyinstellingen en of je meldingen hebt ingeschakeld.
3. Onze partners en adverteerders delen informatie met ons
We ontvangen ook informatie over jou en je activiteiten buiten Pinterest van onze dochterondernemingen, adverteerders, partners en andere derden waarmee we samenwerken. Bijvoorbeeld:
Externe platformen
: Als je je registreert voor de Dienst of erop inlogt via een platform van een derde (zoals Facebook of Google), zal die derde bepaalde informatie aan ons verstrekken om het aanmaken van je account of het inloggen bij ons mogelijk te maken. Bovendien, als je
je externe accounts koppelt
aan onze Diensten, gebruiken we mogelijk gegevens van die accounts om je ervaring te verbeteren. Daarnaast maken sommige externe applicaties gebruik van bepaalde functies van Pinterest, zoals onze bewaarknop, of misschien installeer je onze bewaarknop in je browser. In dat geval verzamelen we loggegevens van dergelijke sites of apps, waaronder gebruiksgegevens.
Technische dienstverleners
: soms ontvangen we gegevens over jou van technische dienstverleners, waaronder van marketingbureaus.
Adverteerders of andere partners
: Online adverteerders of derden delen gegevens over jou met ons om de prestaties van advertenties op Pinterest te meten, te rapporteren of te verbeteren, of om beter inzicht te krijgen in welke advertenties we je het best kunnen laten zien op Pinterest. We kunnen bijvoorbeeld gegevens ontvangen over je bezoeken aan de website van een adverteerder of de aankopen die je daar hebt gedaan, of gegevens in verband met je interesses afkomstig van een derde. We kunnen die informatie gebruiken om je bepaalde advertenties in de Dienst te laten zien. Soms verkrijgen we dergelijke gegevens via de Pinterest-tag (een code die een adverteerder toevoegt aan de eigen website), die ons en onze advertentiepartners inzicht geeft in welke handelingen een gebruiker op hun website verricht na het bekijken van een advertentie in onze Diensten. Lees hier
meer informatie over de Pinterest-tag
en het type gegevens dat adverteerders of andere derden met ons delen.
In je
privacy- en gegevensinstellingen
kun je bepalen hoe we deze gegevens gebruiken om je ervaring en de aan jou getoonde advertenties op Pinterest te personaliseren.
Hoe we de gegevens gebruiken die we verzamelen
We willen je graag content laten zien die relevant en interessant voor je is en die op jou persoonlijk is afgestemd. Hierbij gebruiken we jouw gegevens om je ervaring te verbeteren, bijvoorbeeld voor het volgende:
Om vast te stellen wanneer je onze Diensten gebruikt.
Om pins, borden of content aan te bevelen die je misschien leuk vindt op basis van je activiteit in onze Diensten en je activiteiten op andere websites. Als we bijvoorbeeld merken dat je van kookgerelateerde content op Pinterest houdt, raden we je mogelijk pins over gerechten aan. Of als je bijvoorbeeld websites bezoekt waar elektrische gitaren worden verkocht, kunnen we je pins over gitaren aanbevelen. Lees onze
Algemene voorwaarden
voor meer informatie over hoe we content aan je aanbevelen.
Te reageren op je vragen of opmerkingen.
Om je community op te bouwen in onze Diensten. We gebruiken je gegevens om andere mensen met vergelijkbare interesses te laten zien. Als je bijvoorbeeld borden voor woninginrichting volgt, kunnen we interieurontwerpers aanbevelen die je misschien leuk vindt. We gebruiken ook gegevens om ervoor te zorgen dat je vrienden en contacten je op Pinterest kunnen vinden. Anderen kunnen op Pinterest bijvoorbeeld naar jouw account zoeken via je e-mailadres. Als je er eerder voor hebt gekozen om je contacten met je Pinterest-account te synchroniseren, verwerken we bepaalde gegevens van je contacten die tevens gebruikers zijn op Pinterest, zodat je ze via onze Diensten kunt vinden.
Om zoeken met foto's mogelijk te maken, indien je daarvoor kiest. Als je bijvoorbeeld een foto neemt van een paar schoenen of een meubelstuk dat je leuk vindt, kun je ons vragen om vergelijkbare artikelen te laten zien. Je kunt deze functionaliteit inschakelen in de instellingen van het besturingssysteem van je apparaat.
Om, afhankelijk van waar je woont en met je toestemming, je precieze locatie vast te stellen om je ervaring in onze Diensten aan te passen. Als we bijvoorbeeld weten dat je vlak bij een winkel bent, kunnen we je pins van die winkel laten zien die je misschien interessant vindt. Je kunt deze functionaliteit in- en uitschakelen in de instellingen van het besturingssysteem van je apparaat.
Om je updates te sturen, waaronder per e-mail, pushmelding, sms-bericht of telefonisch. Je kunt je op elk moment afmelden voor onze e-mails met aanbiedingen en je
voor andere meldingen afmelden
door je
instellingen
bij te werken.
We gebruiken je gegevens bij onze inspanningen om onze Diensten te verbeteren, onze gebruikers en het algemene publiek veilig te houden, en om juridische belangen te beschermen. Hiertoe verrichten we het volgende:
We controleren je activiteiten en berichten in onze Diensten om spam of activiteiten te detecteren die een risico vormen voor onze community of het algemene publiek. Mogelijk omvat dit samenwerkingen met wetshandhavingsinstanties om Pinterest veilig te houden.
We analyseren log- en apparaatgegevens van gebruikers om verdacht gedrag of schendingen van ons beleid of onze voorwaarden te identificeren en onderzoeken.
We voeren waar nodig
leeftijdsverificatie
uit. Dit kan een schatting van de leeftijd op basis van het gezicht zijn en het vergelijken van je gezicht met een ID van de overheid.
We kunnen gebruikersgegevens inzien in verband met een juridische vordering, rechtszaak of regelgevingsprocedure.
We houden statistieken bij over, en we voeren onderzoek uit naar, wie onze Diensten gebruikt en wat die gebruikers doen. Door bijvoorbeeld bij te houden hoe vaak mensen twee verschillende versies van een functie op Pinterest gebruiken, kunnen we ontdekken welke versie beter is.
We verbeteren producten en diensten van onze groep bedrijven en we bieden nieuwe functies aan. We gebruiken bijvoorbeeld gegevens voor het trainen, ontwikkelen en verbeteren van onze technologieën, zoals onze machinelearning-modellen.
We genereren geaggregeerde of geanonimiseerde gegevens die redelijkerwijs niet kunnen worden gebruikt om je te identificeren. Pinterest verwerkt, bewaart en gebruikt dergelijke gegevens uitsluitend op een geanonimiseerde wijze voor de toepassing van dit Privacybeleid en zal niet proberen om identificatie aan de hand van dergelijke gegevens opnieuw mogelijk te maken.
We gebruiken je gegevens ook om de aan jou getoonde advertenties te personaliseren
In het bijzonder gebruiken we de gegevens die we verzamelen, voor het volgende:
Om te bepalen welke advertenties we je laten zien, rechtstreeks op Pinterest, en
afhankelijk van waar je woont
, om je advertenties te laten zien via onze partners. Als je bijvoorbeeld interesse hebt in kampeertenten op Pinterest of als je slaapzakken op een van de websites van onze partner bekijkt, kunnen we je advertenties voor andere vakantieproducten laten zien. We passen de getoonde advertenties aan door je interesses te identificeren op basis van je activiteiten op en buiten de website, en door informatie te gebruiken die we ontvangen van onze advertentiepartners of externe partijen. Wanneer we cookies gebruiken om je interesses buiten de website te bepalen, vragen we je indien nodig om toestemming.
Om producten en diensten van Pinterest aan je te laten zien op andere websites en in andere apps. Hiertoe verstrekken we gegevens zoals cookie-ID's, je IP-adres of een gehashte versie van je e-mailadres aan derden, zoals Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform en anderen, die dergelijke gegevens kunnen combineren met andere gegevens die ze al van je hebben, om advertenties over Pinterest aan je te laten zien. Lees hier
meer informatie
over onze marketingactiviteiten buiten Pinterest en hoe je je daarvoor kunt afmelden.
Om aan onze advertentiepartners te communiceren hoe hun advertenties op Pinterest presteren en hoe die kunnen worden verbeterd. Hiertoe verstrekken we gegevens in verband met de advertenties die je op Pinterest ziet of waar je iets mee doet, aan onze adverteerders en derden ter verbetering van de prestaties van de advertenties die wij of zij gebruiken, om de weergave en prestaties van advertenties of content op websites en apps te bepalen of verbeteren. In sommige gevallen worden deze gegevens samengevoegd. We kunnen bijvoorbeeld een adverteerder laten weten hoe groot het percentage mensen is dat een pin bekijkt en vervolgens doorklikt naar de website van de adverteerder. Afhankelijk van waar je woont en je instellingen, kunnen we deze gegevens ook op individueel niveau verstrekken. We kunnen bijvoorbeeld een adverteerder laten weten dat een bepaalde pin is bewaard door bepaalde mensen.
Bezoek het Helpcentrum
voor meer informatie over rapportages over advertenties.
Sommige van deze activiteiten kunnen worden beschouwd als het 'delen' of 'verkopen' van 'gerichte advertenties', zoals dergelijke voorwaarden zijn gedefinieerd in de privacywetgeving van bepaalde staten in de VS. Je kunt je afmelden voor het gebruik en het bekendmaken van je gegevens door Pinterest voor deze doeleinden. Ga hiervoor naar je
privacy- en gegevensinstellingen
.
Wanneer we cookies gebruiken om inzicht te krijgen in je gedrag binnen of buiten onze diensten, zullen wij of onze partners de toestemming verkrijgen die we mogelijk nodig hebben op grond van de toepasselijke wetgeving. Lees ons
Cookiebeleid
voor meer informatie over hoe we cookies gebruiken.
Aanvullende informatie voor betrokkenen uit de EER, Zwitserland en het Verenigd Koninkrijk: rechtsgronden waarop we ons beroepen in de rechtsgebieden waar we je gegevens gebruiken
Het onderstaande artikel is alleen van toepassing op inwoners van de EER, Zwitserland en het Verenigd Koninkrijk. Krachtens de toepasselijke wetgeving inzake gegevensbescherming in de Europese regio (zoals de AVG) moeten bedrijven een rechtsgrond hebben om je gegevens te verwerken voor de verschillende doeleinden die in dit Privacybeleid worden beschreven.
Afhankelijk van welke rechtsgrond we gebruiken, heb je ook bepaalde rechten. Deze hebben we hieronder uitgelegd.
We gebruiken gegevens op basis van gerechtvaardigde belangen
We beroepen ons op onze gerechtvaardigde belangen of die van een derde voor zover deze geen afbreuk doen aan jouw belangen en grondrechten.
We doen het volgende om je content te laten zien die relevant en interessant voor je is en op jou persoonlijk is afgestemd:
Om vast te stellen wanneer je onze Diensten gebruikt.
We raden pins, borden, onderwerpen of content aan die je misschien leuk vindt op basis van je activiteit in onze Diensten. Als je bijvoorbeeld veel kookgerelateerde content bekijkt op Pinterest, raden we mogelijk pins en borden over gerechten aan.
We passen je Pinterest-ervaring aan op basis van je gedrag op andere websites. Als je bijvoorbeeld websites bezoekt waar elektrische gitaren worden verkocht, kunnen we je pins over gitaren aanbevelen.
Gerechtvaardigde belangen waar we ons op beroepen
Het is in ons belang en in het belang van Pinterest-gebruikers dat ze een aanbod ontvangen dat uniek en relevant is en op hen persoonlijk is afgestemd, omdat gebruikers de Dienst juist omwille daarvan gebruiken.
Gegevenscategorieën die wij gebruiken
Accountgegevens (met uitzondering van ras of etniciteit)
Content
Locatiegegevens
Loggegevens
Gegevens verzameld door middel van cookies en vergelijkbare technologieën (raadpleeg ons
Cookiebeleid
voor meer informatie over hoe we cookies gebruiken)
Apparaatgegevens
Gebruiksgegevens en gevolgtrekkingen
Keuzes van gebruikers
Gegevens uit andere bronnen (externe platforms; technische dienstverleners; adverteerders en andere partners)
We doen het volgende om je community op te bouwen in onze Diensten:
Andere mensen aan te bevelen met vergelijkbare interesses. Als je bijvoorbeeld borden over binnenhuisarchitectuur volgt, kunnen we je binnenhuisarchitecten laten zien die je mogelijk leuk vindt.
We zorgen ervoor dat je vrienden en contacten je gemakkelijk kunnen vinden op Pinterest. Als je je bijvoorbeeld registreert met een Facebook-account, kunnen we je Facebook-vrienden helpen om jou op Pinterest te vinden wanneer ze zich voor het eerst registreren bij Pinterest. Of mensen kunnen op Pinterest naar jouw account zoeken via je e-mailadres. Als je ervoor kiest om je contacten met je Pinterest-account te synchroniseren, geef je ons toegang tot contacten die zijn opgeslagen op je apparaat, zodat we je kunnen helpen je contacten in onze Diensten te vinden.
Gerechtvaardigde belangen waar we ons op beroepen
Het is in ons belang om je te helpen in contact te komen met mensen die je misschien kent, om een relevante en unieke Dienst aan te bieden.
Gegevenscategorieën die wij gebruiken
Accountgegevens (met uitzondering van ras of etniciteit)
Content
Locatiegegevens
Je contacten
Loggegevens
Gegevens verzameld door middel van cookies en vergelijkbare technologieën (raadpleeg ons
Cookiebeleid
voor meer informatie over hoe we cookies gebruiken)
Apparaatgegevens
Gebruiksgegevens en gevolgtrekkingen
Keuzes van gebruikers
Gegevens uit andere bronnen (externe platforms; technische dienstverleners; adverteerders en andere partners)
We doen het volgende om ervoor te zorgen dat Pinterest veilig is en blijft:
Samenwerken met wetshandhavers en onderzoekers om Pinterest veilig te houden. We kunnen verzoeken van wetshandhavers krijgen over het delen van accountgegevens, bijvoorbeeld van de politie of rechtbanken, of van onderzoekers om activiteiten op Pinterest te bestuderen. Bekijk onze
Richtlijnen voor wetshandhaving
voor meer informatie over hoe we reageren op verzoeken van wetshandhavingsinstanties.
We analyseren log- en apparaatgegevens van gebruikers om verdacht gedrag of schendingen van ons beleid of onze voorwaarden te identificeren en onderzoeken.
We controleren je activiteiten en berichten in onze Diensten om spam of activiteiten te detecteren die een risico vormen voor jouw veiligheid, die van onze community en/of die van het algemene publiek.
We voeren leeftijdsverificatie uit. Dit kan een schatting van de leeftijd op basis van het gezicht zijn en het vergelijken van je gezicht met een ID van de overheid.
Gerechtvaardigde belangen waar we ons op beroepen
Het is in ons belang en in het belang van Pinterest-gebruikers om de systemen van Pinterest te beveiligen en spam, bedreigingen, misbruik of inbreuken te bestrijden en de veiligheid en beveiliging op Pinterest te bevorderen.
Het is ook in ons belang en het belang van andere gebruikers om ervoor te zorgen dat onze Diensten worden gebruikt in overeenstemming met onze voorwaarden.
Gegevenscategorieën die wij gebruiken
Welke gegevens we daadwerkelijk gebruiken, hangt af van de feitelijke omstandigheden, maar kan het volgende omvatten:
Accountgegevens (met uitzondering van ras of etniciteit)
Content
Locatiegegevens
Je communicatie met ons
Loggegevens
Gegevens verzameld door middel van cookies en vergelijkbare technologieën (raadpleeg ons
Cookiebeleid
voor meer informatie over hoe we cookies gebruiken)
Apparaatgegevens
Gebruiksgegevens en gevolgtrekkingen
Keuzes van gebruikers
Gegevens uit andere bronnen (externe platforms; technische dienstverleners; adverteerders en andere partners)
We doen het volgende om onze Diensten te verbeteren, vernieuwen en ontwikkelen:
Te analyseren en onderzoeken wie Pinterest gebruikt en wat ze doen. Door bijvoorbeeld vast te leggen hoe vaak mensen twee verschillende versies van een functie op Pinterest gebruiken, kunnen we nagaan welke versie beter is.
We verbeteren producten en diensten van onze groep bedrijven en we bieden nieuwe functies aan. We gebruiken bijvoorbeeld gegevens voor het trainen, ontwikkelen en verbeteren van onze technologieën, zoals onze machinelearning-modellen. Sommige van deze gegevens worden mogelijk geaggregeerd of geanonimiseerd.
Gerechtvaardigde belangen waar we ons op beroepen
Het is in ons belang en in het belang van de gebruikers van Pinterest dat we de Dienst op een weloverwogen manier verbeteren, promoten en ontwikkelen.
Gegevenscategorieën die wij gebruiken
Accountgegevens (met uitzondering van ras of etniciteit)
Content
Locatiegegevens
Je communicatie met ons
Loggegevens
Gegevens verzameld door middel van cookies en vergelijkbare technologieën (raadpleeg ons
Cookiebeleid
voor meer informatie over hoe we cookies gebruiken)
Apparaatgegevens
Gebruiksgegevens en gevolgtrekkingen
Keuzes van gebruikers
Gegevens uit andere bronnen (externe platforms; technische dienstverleners; adverteerders en andere partners)
We doen het volgende om juridisch advies in te winnen of Pinterest te beschermen bij rechtszaken of andere geschillen:
We bewaren en delen gegevens wanneer we juridisch advies inwinnen of proberen ons te beschermen bij rechtszaken en andere geschillen. Hieronder vallen schendingen van onze Voorwaarden en ons beleid.
Gerechtvaardigde belangen waar we ons op beroepen
Het is in ons belang en in het belang van Pinterest-gebruikers om te reageren op klachten en om fraude, onbevoegd gebruik van Pinterest, schendingen van onze voorwaarden en ons beleid, of andere schadelijke of illegale activiteiten te voorkomen en aan te pakken.
Het is in ons belang om juridisch advies in te winnen en ons (met inbegrip van onze rechten, ons personeel, onze eigendommen of onze producten), onze gebruikers of anderen te beschermen, mede in het kader van onderzoeken, onderzoeken door regelgevende instanties, rechtszaken of andere geschillen.
Gegevenscategorieën die wij gebruiken
Welke gegevens we daadwerkelijk gebruiken, hangt af van de feitelijke omstandigheden, maar kan het volgende omvatten:
Accountgegevens (met uitzondering van ras of etniciteit)
Content
Locatiegegevens
Je communicatie met ons
Loggegevens
Gegevens verzameld door middel van cookies en vergelijkbare technologieën (raadpleeg ons
Cookiebeleid
voor meer informatie over hoe we cookies gebruiken)
Apparaatgegevens
Gebruiksgegevens en gevolgtrekkingen
Keuzes van gebruikers
Gegevens uit andere bronnen (externe platforms; technische dienstverleners; adverteerders en andere partners)
We doen het volgende in het kader van onze communicatie met jou:
Te reageren op je vragen of opmerkingen.
We sturen je updates (bijvoorbeeld wanneer een bepaalde activiteit plaatsvindt op Pinterest, zoals bewaaracties of reacties) en nieuws per e-mail of via pushmeldingen, afhankelijk van je instellingen. We sturen bijvoorbeeld wekelijks updates met pins die je misschien leuk vindt. Afhankelijk van waar je woont, kan dit marketing zijn en in bepaalde gevallen zullen we je toestemming vragen. Je kunt ervoor kiezen om
deze meldingen niet meer te ontvangen
door je
instellingen
bij te werken.
Gerechtvaardigde belangen waar we ons op beroepen
Het is in ons belang en in het belang van Pinterest-gebruikers om onze klantenservice voortdurend te verbeteren en te ontwikkelen.
Het is in ons belang en in het belang van Pinterest-gebruikers om nieuwe functies en elementen te ontdekken die voor hen interessant kunnen zijn.
Gegevenscategorieën die wij gebruiken
Accountgegevens (met uitzondering van ras of etniciteit)
Content
Locatiegegevens
Je communicatie met ons
Loggegevens
Gegevens verzameld door middel van cookies en vergelijkbare technologieën (raadpleeg ons
Cookiebeleid
voor meer informatie over hoe we cookies gebruiken)
Apparaatgegevens
Gebruiksgegevens en gevolgtrekkingen
Keuzes van gebruikers
Gegevens uit andere bronnen (externe platforms; technische dienstverleners; adverteerders en andere partners)
We doen het volgende om je in onze Diensten relevante, interessante en op jou persoonlijk afgestemde advertenties te laten zien:
We bepalen welke advertenties we je het beste kunnen laten zien op basis van gegevens verzameld in onze Diensten. Als je bijvoorbeeld interesse hebt in kampeertenten op Pinterest, kunnen we je advertenties voor andere vakantieproducten laten zien.
Gerechtvaardigde belangen waar we ons op beroepen
Het is in ons belang en in het belang van Pinterest-gebruikers dat ze relevante en interessante advertenties ontvangen voor producten of diensten waarin ze geïnteresseerd zijn, in plaats van willekeurige en generieke advertenties te ontvangen waar ze mogelijk geen interesse in hebben. Dit vormt ook de voornaamste financiering van de dienst en zo kunnen gebruikers gratis van de dienst blijven genieten terwijl Pinterest er inkomsten mee genereert.
Gegevenscategorieën die wij gebruiken
Accountgegevens (met uitzondering van ras of etniciteit)
Content
Locatiegegevens
Je communicatie met ons
Loggegevens
Gegevens verzameld door middel van cookies en vergelijkbare technologieën (raadpleeg ons
Cookiebeleid
voor meer informatie over hoe we cookies gebruiken)
Apparaatgegevens
Gebruiksgegevens en gevolgtrekkingen
Keuzes van gebruikers
Gegevens uit andere bronnen (externe platforms; technische dienstverleners; adverteerders en andere partners)
We doen het volgende om statistieken van advertenties aan te bieden:
We gebruiken geaggregeerde gegevens van onze tools om aan onze advertentiepartners te communiceren hoe hun Pinterest-advertenties presteren en hoe ze die prestaties kunnen verbeteren. We kunnen bijvoorbeeld een adverteerder laten weten hoe groot het percentage mensen is dat een pin bekijkt en vervolgens doorklikt naar de website van de adverteerder.
Bezoek het Helpcentrum
voor meer informatie over rapportages over advertenties.
Gerechtvaardigde belangen waar we ons op beroepen
Het is in ons belang dat zakelijke accounts en adverteerders gemakkelijk kunnen zien en begrijpen hoe hun advertenties of content presteerden, wie hun advertenties of content heeft bekeken en wie er iets mee heeft gedaan. Hierdoor kunnen ze weloverwogen beslissingen nemen (bijvoorbeeld over wat voor advertentiecampagnes ze willen maken, welk type doelgroep ze willen bereiken en welk type content gebruikers het leukst vinden). Dit is ook in het belang van andere gebruikers, omdat we er zo voor kunnen zorgen dat de advertenties en andere content die we aan gebruikers laten zien, relevant en interessant voor ze zijn en we de Dienst zo gratis aan alle gebruikers kunnen blijven aanbieden.
Gegevenscategorieën die wij gebruiken
Accountgegevens (met uitzondering van ras of etniciteit)
Content
Locatiegegevens
Loggegevens
Gegevens verzameld door middel van cookies en vergelijkbare technologieën (raadpleeg ons
Cookiebeleid
voor meer informatie over hoe we cookies gebruiken)
Apparaatgegevens
Gebruiksgegevens en gevolgtrekkingen
Gegevens uit andere bronnen (externe platforms; technische dienstverleners; adverteerders en andere partners)
We doen het volgende om je buiten Pinterest advertenties over Pinterest te laten zien die relevant en interessant voor je zijn en op jou persoonlijk zijn afgestemd:
We laten je producten en diensten van Pinterest zien op andere websites. Hiertoe verstrekken we gegevens, zoals cookie-ID's, je IP-adres en een gehashte versie van je e-mailadres aan diensten die we gebruiken om Pinterest bij je onder de aandacht te brengen op websites en apps buiten Pinterest, zoals Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform en andere derden.
Gerechtvaardigde belangen waar we ons op beroepen
We hebben een gerechtvaardigd belang om je advertenties te laten zien die relevant en interessant voor je zijn en op jou persoonlijk zijn afgestemd, zodat wij omzet kunnen genereren.
Gegevenscategorieën die wij gebruiken
Accountgegevens (met uitzondering van ras of etniciteit)
Content
Locatiegegevens
Loggegevens
Gegevens verzameld door middel van cookies en vergelijkbare technologieën (raadpleeg ons
Cookiebeleid
voor meer informatie over hoe we cookies gebruiken)
Apparaatgegevens
Gebruiksgegevens en gevolgtrekkingen
Keuzes van gebruikers
Gegevens uit andere bronnen (externe platforms; technische dienstverleners; adverteerders en andere partners)
We gebruiken gegevens om te voldoen aan onze wettelijke verplichtingen
Waarom en hoe we je gegevens gebruiken
We doen het volgende om te voldoen aan wettelijke en reglementaire verplichtingen:
We bekijken, bewaren, behouden of delen gegevens in het geval van een gerechtelijk bevel, huiszoekingsbevel, gerechtelijk bevel tot overmaken van gegevens, dagvaarding of een vergelijkbaar juridisch verzoek.
We bekijken, bewaren, behouden of delen gegevens wanneer we denken dat dit redelijkerwijs nodig is om te voldoen aan wettelijke of reglementaire verplichtingen. Hieronder valt het delen van gegevens met wetshandhavingsinstanties of andere autoriteiten.
We nemen verzoeken en klachten in behandeling en handelen deze af. We bewaren alle communicatie met betrekking tot verzoeken van betrokkenen op grond van de AVG voor een periode van twee jaar, voor het geval dergelijke verzoeken niet worden afgehandeld en de communicatie vereist is om eventuele klachten af te handelen. In dergelijke gevallen wordt de communicatie bewaard totdat deze klachten zijn afgehandeld.
Voorbeelden van wetgeving die ons kan verplichten om gegevens op de bovenstaande manier te verwerken, zijn onder andere:
Regelgevingskwesties: om te voldoen aan reglementaire verplichtingen voortvloeiend uit bijvoorbeeld wetgeving inzake gegevensbescherming (AVG) en de digitaledienstenverordening (DSA).
Burger-, handels- of strafrechtelijke aangelegenheden of consumentenbescherming: wanneer we een gerechtelijk bevel hebben ontvangen om gegevens te verstrekken in het kader van gerechtelijke procedures of onderzoeken door regelgevende instanties (bijv. beschikkingen of verplichte verzoeken op grond van de Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014 of de AVG).
Vennootschapsrechtelijke en fiscale aangelegenheden: verplichtingen zoals die onder de Irish Companies Act 2014 en de Taxes Consolidation Act 1997.
Kwesties met betrekking tot de veiligheid van onze Dienst en om rechten, eigendom en gebruikers te beschermen
We bewaren gegevens indien dat nodig is om misbruik, zoals spam en andere slechte ervaringen, in onze Diensten te onderzoeken. Wanneer we een account uitschakelen vanwege schendingen van onze voorwaarden, bewaren we ook gegevens van die gebruiker voor veiligheids-, beveiligings- en integriteitsdoeleinden.
Gegevenscategorieën die wij gebruiken
Alle categorieën gegevens die worden vermeld in 'We verzamelen informatie op verschillende manieren', behalve precieze locatiegegevens (welke we niet verzamelen van gebruikers in de EER, Zwitserland of het Verenigd Koninkrijk).
We gebruiken gegevens in zover je ons daartoe toestemming geeft
Hoe en waarom we je gegevens gebruiken
Wanneer je ons daartoe toestemming geeft (bijvoorbeeld via de instellingen van je apparaat), gebruiken we je gegevens voor de volgende doeleinden:
Om zoeken met foto's mogelijk te maken. Als je bijvoorbeeld een foto neemt van een paar schoenen of een meubelstuk dat je leuk vindt, kun je ons vragen om vergelijkbare artikelen te laten zien. Je kunt deze functionaliteit inschakelen in de instellingen van het besturingssysteem van je apparaat.
Om advertenties op Pinterest aan te passen op basis van je activiteiten buiten Pinterest. We passen de aan jou getoonde advertentiecontent aan door te bepalen wat je interesses zijn op basis van je activiteiten op andere websites, en door gegevens te gebruiken die we van advertentiepartners of andere derden ontvangen. Wanneer advertentiepartners of andere derden gegevens van jou met ons delen, gaan wij ervan uit dat jij ze hiervoor al toestemming hebt gegeven.
Voor lead-advertenties. Als je gegevens indient via een formulier voor een lead-advertentie (bijvoorbeeld om je aan te melden voor de mailinglijst van een adverteerder of voor een adviesgesprek), delen we die gegevens met de adverteerder zoals beschreven op het formulier.
Om makers te sponsoren. Als je ervoor kiest om gegevens met betrekking tot ras of etniciteit op te geven, gebruiken we die gegevens om je als maker te sponsoren, bijvoorbeeld tijdens Black History Month, of om contact met je op te nemen over evenementen.
Gegevenscategorieën die wij gebruiken
Alle categorieën gegevens die worden vermeld in 'We verzamelen informatie op verschillende manieren', behalve precieze locatiegegevens (welke we niet verzamelen van gebruikers in de EER, Zwitserland of het Verenigd Koninkrijk).
In gevallen waarbij wij afhankelijk zijn van jouw toestemming, kun je je toestemming te allen tijde intrekken.
Je rechten en opties
We bieden je bepaalde opties om je gegevens te beheren. Afhankelijk van waar je woont (bv. de EER, Zwitserland, het Verenigd Koninkrijk of de VS), kunnen deze opties ook privacyrechten zijn die je overeenkomstig de lokale wetgeving hebt. Ga naar je
accountinstellingen
als je deze rechten wilt gebruiken of naar ons
Helpcentrum
als je meer hulp nodig hebt.
Toegang
: je kunt toegang aanvragen tot de gegevens die we van je verzamelen en bewaren, waaronder in een overdraagbare indeling. Meer informatie hierover vind je
in ons Helpcentrum
.
Correctie/rectificatie
: je kunt je gegevens corrigeren door de gegevens op je profiel bij te werken.
Verwijderen/wissen
: Je kunt je gegevens laten verwijderen. Selecteer 'Je gegevens en account verwijderen' in je instellingen en volg de instructies.
Afmelden voor 'gerichte advertenties', 'delen' of 'verkoop'
: Zoals hierboven wordt uitgelegd, kunnen sommige van onze activiteiten worden beschouwd als 'gerichte advertenties', 'delen' of 'verkopen', zoals gedefinieerd in de privacywetgeving van bepaalde staten in de VS. Je kunt je op elk moment afmelden door de instructies in het menu 'Privacy- en gegevensinstellingen' te volgen. Houd er rekening mee dat je nog steeds advertenties in onze Diensten zult zien, maar dat deze niet meer zullen worden gebaseerd op extern verzamelde gegevens.
In gevallen waarbij wij afhankelijk zijn van jouw toestemming, kun je je toestemming te allen tijde intrekken.
Aanvullende rechten in de EER, het VK en Zwitserland
Als je in de EER, het Verenigd Koninkrijk of Zwitserland woont, heb je ook enkele aanvullende rechten:
Recht op weigering of beperking van de verwerking
: Je kunt bezwaar maken tegen directe marketing van ons of wanneer we afhankelijk zijn van gerechtvaardigde belangen om je gegevens te verwerken. Je kunt bezwaar maken via dit
formulier
.
Recht op het intrekken van toestemming
: Wanneer we afhankelijk zijn van toestemming als rechtsgrond voor het verwerken van je gegevens, kun je je toestemming daarvoor te allen tijde intrekken. Een dergelijke intrekking doet geen afbreuk aan de rechtmatigheid van de verwerking door Pinterest voordat je je toestemming intrekt.
Recht op overdraagbaarheid
: je kunt de door jou aan ons verstrekte gegevens naar een andere organisatie laten sturen, waar we deze gegevens bewaren met jouw toestemming of als dit nodig is voor de uitvoering van een overeenkomst met jou en waar dit voor ons technisch mogelijk is.
Recht op het indienen van klachten
: als je in de EER, Zwitserland of het Verenigd Koninkrijk woont, heb je het recht om een klacht in te dienen bij de toezichthoudende autoriteit van je land.
In het Verenigd Koninkrijk is de relevante gegevensbeschermingsautoriteit het Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, e-mailadres: casework@ico.org.uk.
In Ierland is de relevante gegevensbeschermingsautoriteit de Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 017650100 / + 353 1800437737, e-mailadres: info@dataprotection.ie of via het volgende online formulier:
Formulieren voor gegevensbescherming
.
We zullen je niet anders gaan behandelen wanneer je ervoor kiest om gebruik te maken van je rechten of opties met betrekking tot je persoonsgegevens. Deze rechten kunnen worden beperkt, bijvoorbeeld als het voldoen aan je verzoek persoonsgegevens van een andere persoon onthult, wanneer je rechten inbreuk maken op de rechten van een derde (inclusief onze rechten) of als je ons vraagt om gegevens te verwijderen die wij wettelijk verplicht zijn te bewaren of ten aanzien waarvan wij een dwingend legitiem belang hebben om ze te behouden. Als we je verzoek om je rechten uit te oefenen weigeren, heb je mogelijk het recht om bezwaar te maken tegen onze beslissing door contact met ons op te nemen via:
privacy-support@pinterest.com
.
Je hebt verschillende opties ten aanzien van je gegevens op Pinterest. Als je een Pinterest-account hebt, zijn veel van deze beheeropties rechtstreeks geïntegreerd in Pinterest of je instellingen. Je kunt bijvoorbeeld de
gegevens van je profiel bewerken
,
je Pinterest-account koppelen of loskoppelen
van andere diensten (zoals Facebook of Google),
je instellingen voor verborgen borden wijzigen
en
je account op elk moment afsluiten
. We ondersteunen ook instellingen zoals 'Beperk reclametracking' op iOS-apparaten en 'Personalisatie van advertenties' op Android-apparaten.
Je hebt mogelijk ook opties via het apparaat of de software die je gebruikt om toegang te krijgen tot Pinterest. Bijvoorbeeld:
Met de browser die je gebruikt, kun je wellicht cookies of een ander type lokale gegevensopslag beheren.
Op je mobiele apparaat kun je kiezen hoe en of jouw precieze locatie, foto's en andere gegevens met ons worden gedeeld.
Voor gebruikers die in bepaalde staten van de VS wonen en een voorkeur voor afmelding hebben ingeschakeld (zoals Global Privacy Control), respecteren we deze voorkeur bij gebruik van Pinterest.
Hoe en wanneer we gegevens delen
Iedereen kan de openbare content zien die je plaatst, zoals borden en pins die je maakt en openbare profielinformatie die je aan ons verstrekt. Afhankelijk van waar je woont, maken we deze openbare informatie ook beschikbaar via de zogenaamde API's (een technische manier om snel gegevens te delen). Een partner kan bijvoorbeeld met behulp van een Pinterest-API bestuderen welke van de eigen pins het populairst zijn of hoe die pins op Pinterest worden gedeeld. We delen de hierboven beschreven categorieën gegevens met de volgende partijen:
We delen gegevens met andere diensten, met jouw toestemming. Wanneer je bijvoorbeeld besluit
je Pinterest-account te koppelen
aan diensten van derden of wanneer je je content op Pinterest publiceert voor dergelijke diensten, verstrek je bepaalde gegevens aan die diensten. Makers kunnen ons inzetten om gegevens te delen met adverteerders of andere partners voor betaalde betrokkenheidsacties.
Afhankelijk van waar je woont, delen we gegevens voor advertenties en gerelateerde doeleinden, onder andere om advertenties over Pinterest in diensten van derden aan je te laten zien en adverteerders te helpen om inzicht te krijgen in de prestaties van hun advertenties op Pinterest. Wanneer je een formulier voor een lead-advertentie invult of op een advertentie op Pinterest klikt, delen we de door jou verstrekte gegevens met de adverteerder.
We delen gegevens met dienstverleners die we gebruiken om gegevens namens ons en op basis van onze instructies te verwerken voor de doeleinden die worden beschreven in dit Privacybeleid. We delen bijvoorbeeld gegevens met beveiligingsadviseurs, om zo spam beter te kunnen identificeren. Sommige gegevens die we verkrijgen, worden mogelijk namens ons door dienstverleners verzameld.
We delen gegevens met wetshandhavingsinstanties, overheidsinstanties of andere partijen, in overeenstemming met wetten, regels of voorschriften. Handhavingsautoriteiten, zoals de politie of rechtbanken, kunnen ons bijvoorbeeld om accountgegevens vragen. We verstrekken uitsluitend gegevens naar aanleiding van dergelijke verzoeken als we van mening zijn dat openbaarmaking van de gegevens redelijkerwijs noodzakelijk is om te voldoen aan een wet- of regelgeving of een rechtmatig verzoek; om de veiligheid, rechten of eigendom van het algemene publiek of van een individuele persoon of Pinterest te beschermen; of om fraude, beveiligingsproblemen of technische problemen op te sporen, te voorkomen of anderszins aan te pakken. We kunnen ook gegevens delen als we geloven dat dit nodig is om dreigend en ernstig lichamelijk letsel van een persoon in noodsituaties te voorkomen. Bekijk onze
Richtlijnen voor wetshandhaving
voor meer informatie over hoe we reageren op verzoeken van wetshandhavingsinstanties. We kunnen je openbaar toegankelijke informatie delen met onafhankelijke onderzoekers die aan bepaalde criteria voldoen om maatschappelijke schade te bestrijden.
We delen gegevens met onze groep bedrijven, inclusief dochterondernemingen in volledig eigendom en gelieerde bedrijven. Als we betrokken zijn bij een fusie, overname, faillissement, ontbinding, herstructurering of vergelijkbare transactie of procedure die de overdracht van de in dit Privacybeleid beschreven gegevens omvat, dan delen we je gegevens met een partij die betrokken is bij een dergelijk proces (bijvoorbeeld een potentiële koper).
Doorgifte van je gegevens
Pinterest is een wereldwijde dienst. Door onze producten of diensten te gebruiken geef je ons toestemming om je informatie door te geven naar en op te slaan in landen anders dan je thuisland, waaronder de Verenigde Staten, voor doeleinden die in dit beleid beschreven worden. De privacybescherming en het recht op toegang tot je persoonsgegevens door de autoriteiten kunnen in deze landen anders zijn dan in je thuisland.
Aanvullende stappen voor gegevensoverdrachten in de EER, Zwitserland en het Verenigd Koninkrijk
Als je in de EER, Zwitserland of het Verenigd Koninkrijk woont, ondernemen we aanvullende stappen met betrekking tot gegevensoverdrachten. Gegevens die worden beheerd door Pinterest Europe Limited, worden voor in dit beleid beschreven doeleinden overgedragen of verzonden naar, of opgeslagen en verwerkt in, de Verenigde Staten of in andere landen dan het land waar je woont. Hier volgen enkele van de beschermingsmaatregelen die we nemen om een passend beschermingsniveau voor je gegevens te waarborgen:
Adequaatheidsbesluiten. Dit zijn besluiten van de Europese Commissie op grond van artikel 45 van de AVG (of soortgelijke besluiten op grond van andere wetgeving) waarin wordt erkend dat een land een passend niveau van gegevensbescherming biedt. We dragen je gegevens over (zoals beschreven in 'Hoe we de gegevens gebruiken die we verzamelen') naar sommige landen met dergelijke adequaatheidsbesluiten, zoals de landen die hier worden vermeld.
Modelcontractbepalingen (Standard Contractual Clauses of 'SCC's'). De Europese Commissie heeft op grond van artikel 46 van de AVG contractbepalingen goedgekeurd die bedrijven in de EER de mogelijkheid bieden om gegevens buiten de EER door te geven. Deze (en de goedgekeurde equivalenten ervan voor het Verenigd Koninkrijk en Zwitserland) worden modelcontractbepalingen genoemd. We beroepen ons op modelcontractbepalingen om gegevens over te dragen (zoals beschreven in 'Hoe we de gegevens gebruiken die we verzamelen') aan derden in landen zonder adequaatheidsbesluit.
Hoewel overdrachten naar landen zonder adequaatheidsbesluit doorgaans plaatsvinden op basis van SCC's, kunnen overdrachten in bepaalde omstandigheden ook plaatsvinden op basis van vrijstellingen op grond van de wetgeving inzake gegevensbescherming. Denk bijvoorbeeld aan het delen van gegevens met wetshandhavingsinstanties in noodsituaties waarin een persoon in levensgevaar verkeert.
Waar passend, identificeren en gebruiken we aanvullende bescherming voor elke gegevensoverdracht. We gebruiken bijvoorbeeld:
technische bescherming, zoals encryptie en pseudonimisering; en
beleid en processen om buitenproportionele of onwettige verzoeken van overheden aan te vechten.
Voor een exemplaar van deze adequaatheidsbesluiten of SCC's kun je contact met ons opnemen via de contactinformatie onder Contact opnemen.
Hoelang we je gegevens bewaren
We bewaren je gegevens alleen zolang we die nodig hebben om Pinterest aan jou te kunnen verstrekken en om te voldoen aan de doeleinden die in dit beleid worden beschreven. Wanneer we je gegevens niet langer nodig hebben en we de gegevens niet meer hoeven te bewaren om te voldoen aan onze wettelijke of reglementaire verplichtingen, verwijderen we ze uit onze systemen of anonimiseren we ze zodat ze niet kunnen worden gebruikt om je te identificeren.
Als je in de EER, het Verenigd Koninkrijk of Zwitserland woont, vind je hier meer informatie over onze bewaring van gegevens: we bewaren je gegevens uitsluitend voor zo lang nodig is voor de doeleinden die zijn uiteengezet in dit Privacybeleid, waaronder het aanbieden van onze Dienst, of voor andere legitieme doeleinden, zoals het naleven van wettelijke verplichtingen, het afdwingen van onze voorwaarden en het voorkomen van schendingen, het bestrijden van spam, of ter bescherming of verdediging van onze rechten, eigendommen en gebruikers. De bewaartermijnen worden per geval bepaald. We bewaren accountgegevens zoals je naam, e-mailadres en wachtwoord zolang je account bestaat, omdat we die gegevens nodig hebben om je account te beheren.
Ons beleid omtrent gegevens van kinderen
Kinderen jonger dan 13 jaar mogen Pinterest niet gebruiken. Als je je in een staat of een land met een hogere leeftijdseis bevindt, mag je de Diensten alleen gebruiken als je minimaal de leeftijd hebt waarop je toestemming kunt geven voor de verwerking van je gegevens. Bezoek het
Helpcentrum
voor meer informatie.
Hoe we wijzigingen aan dit beleid aanbrengen
We kunnen dit beleid van tijd tot tijd aanpassen. Daarbij plaatsen we de gemaakte wijzigingen op deze pagina. Als je Pinterest blijft gebruiken nadat dergelijke wijzigingen van kracht zijn geworden, is het nieuwe beleid op jou van toepassing. In het geval van wezenlijke wijzigingen, kunnen we je een prominentere melding sturen, bijvoorbeeld per e-mail.
Neem contact met ons op
De beste manier om contact met ons op te nemen of om gebruik te maken van de bovengenoemde mogelijkheden, is via het
Helpcentrum
. Als je in de Verenigde Staten woont, is Pinterest, Inc. verantwoordelijk voor je gegevens. Het contactadres van Pinterest Inc. is 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
Je kunt ook contact opnemen met onze
functionaris voor gegevensbescherming
.
Ingangsdatum buiten de EER, het Verenigd Koninkrijk en Zwitserland: 13 maart 2024
Ingangsdatum in de EER, het Verenigd Koninkrijk en Zwitserland: 30 april 2024
Inhoudsopgave
Privacyverklaring Californië
Overzicht van wijzigingen
Bedankt voor het gebruiken van Pinterest!
Toepassingsgebied van het Privacybeleid
We verzamelen op verschillende manieren gegevens
Hoe we de gegevens gebruiken die we verzamelen
Aanvullende informatie voor betrokkenen uit de EER, Zwitserland en het Verenigd Koninkrijk: rechtsgronden waarop we ons beroepen in de rechtsgebieden waar we je gegevens gebruiken
Je rechten en opties
Hoe en wanneer we gegevens delen
Doorgifte van je gegevens
Hoelang we je gegevens bewaren
Ons beleid omtrent gegevens van kinderen
Hoe we wijzigingen aan dit beleid aanbrengen
Neem contact met ons op
Sub-policy 6
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies.
Disable Criteo services
Our activity
Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”).
How do our services work?
Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc.
When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased.
Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo
. This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment.
When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space.
The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms.
Practical example
Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you:
When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com.
Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website.
Example of aggregated data available:
In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website
In general, Product C is popular on this website
When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse
Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it.
Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products:
Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session
Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session
Product C, because this product is popular.
If you disable Criteo services, we will not display any personalized ads to you. On the other hand, the advertising space may be purchased by another company to display personalized or non-personalized ads. If you want to disable Criteo services,
click here
.
Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us.
Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion:
on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;
on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);
on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;
and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about
how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”)
.
In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g. interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are.
We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you.
Our privacy pillars
We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy.
Data minimisation
We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy.
Privacy by design
Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers.
Key elements include:
As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.
These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.
The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services.
We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors.
Criteo's commitments
Our ads do not require:
To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.
To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application.
To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).
To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time.
Criteo supports industry initiatives for greater transparency in personalized advertising
Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising
and is integrated on the
DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform
, which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services.
European Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
. The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Criteo respects the
self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
and is present on the
DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices”
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
Network Advertising Initiative
Criteo adheres to the
codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
and is integrated with the
NAI unsubscription platform
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
IAB Europe
Criteo participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Criteo’s identification number within the framework is 91.
Criteo imposes a high level of requirements on its partners
We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the
Criteo Advertising Guidelines
and
Supply Partner Guidelines
, as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR.
By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it:
to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; and
to collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements.
In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them.
Google’s Privacy Sandbox
We participate in testing the Google Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies to enable digital advertising without using third-party cookies in Google Chrome. With your consent, and as part of the testing, Criteo may store and access data on your device or browser, including by setting new cookies, that
relates to your web browsing interests and to ad measurement. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on this
page
. For more information about the Google Privacy Sandbox please see
https://privacysandbox.com/
.
Your data, your choice
Understand my rights
in relation to my personal data.
Learn more about
how we use your data
.
Disable Criteo services
.
Contact us
.
Changes to our privacy policy
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated : 11/03/2022
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Sub-policy 7
https://segment.com/docs/privacy/portal/:
___
Skip to main content
We use cookies (and other similar technologies) to collect data in order to improve our site. You have the option to opt-in or opt-out of certain cookie tracking technologies.
To do so, click here.
✕
Home
Getting Started
What is Segment?
How Segment Works
Getting Started Guide
A Basic Segment Installation
Planning a Full Installation
A Full Segment Installation
Sending Data to Destinations
Testing and Debugging
What's Next
Use Cases
Use Cases Overview
Choosing a Use Case
Use Cases Setup
Use Cases Reference
Guides
An Introduction to Segment
For Developers
For Data Users
For Workspace Admins
Filtering your Segment Data
Handling Duplicate Data
Internet Bots
Segment vs. Tag Managers
Replay
Regional Segment
Audiences and Journeys
How-to Guides
How-to Guides Index
Automating Multi-Channel Re-Engagement Campaigns
Collecting Data on the Client or Server
Collecting Pageviews on the Server Side
Creating a Push Notification
Tracking Customers Across Channels and Devices
Setting up a Dynamic Coupon Program to Reward Loyal Customers
Forecasting LTV with SQL and Excel for E-Commerce
Importing Historical Data
Joining User Profiles
Measuring Your Advertising Funnel
Measuring the ROI of Your Marketing Campaigns
Migrating Code From Other Analytics Tools
Segment's Role in Attribution
Setting Up Event-Triggered Notifications or Alerts
Usage and Billing
Account Management
Billing and Account FAQs
MTUs, Throughput and Billing
Discounts or Coupons
Connections
Overview
The Segment Spec
Spec Overview
Spec: Page
Spec: Screen
Spec: Track
Spec: Group
Spec: Identify
Spec: Alias
Spec: AI Copilot
Spec: Common Fields
Native Mobile Spec
What is the native mobile spec?
Packaging SDKs for Mobile Destinations
Spec: Semantic Events
Spec: B2B SaaS
Spec: Ecommerce Events
Ecommerce Tracking Plans
Video Spec
Best Practices for Identifying Users
Best Practices for Event Calls
Sources
Sources Overview
Sources Catalog
Cloud Sources
Source Debugger
Segment-Managed Custom Domain
Self-Managed Custom Proxy
Visual Tagger
Schema
Schema Controls
Using Schema Controls
Schema Unique Limits
Destinations
Destinations Overview
Destination Actions
Add a Destination
Destinations Catalog
Destination Filters
Reverse ETL
Reverse ETL Overview
Set Up Reverse ETL
Manage Reverse ETL Syncs
Reverse ETL System
Reverse ETL Destination Catalog
Reverse ETL Source Setup Guides
Azure Reverse ETL Setup
BigQuery Reverse ETL Setup
Databricks Reverse ETL Setup
Postgres Reverse ETL Setup
Redshift Reverse ETL Setup
Snowflake Reverse ETL Setup
Functions
Functions Overview
Source Functions
Destination Functions
Destination Insert Functions
Functions Copilot
Functions Copilot Nutrition Facts Label
Functions Environment
Functions Usage Limits
Functions for AWS APIs
Storage Destinations
Storage Destinations Overview
Storage Destinations Catalog
Segment Data Lakes
Data Lakes Overview
Set Up Data Lakes
Sync Reports and Error Reporting
AWS Lake Formation
Data Lakes Sync History and Health
Data Lakes vs. Warehouses
Data Warehouses
Warehouse Overview
Warehouse Schemas
Warehouse Syncs
Warehouse Health Dashboards
Choosing a Warehouse
Warehouse FAQs
Adding Warehouse Users
Warehouse Errors
Redshift Cluster and Redshift Connector Limitations
Speeding Up Redshift Queries
Useful SQL Queries for Redshift
Regional Segment
Testing Connections
Data Export Options
Using Schema Controls
Event Delivery
Delivery Overview
Connections Alerting
Locate Your Write Key
Integration Error Codes
Rate Limits
OAuth 2.0
AWS PrivateLink Integration
Unify
Unify Overview
Unify Onboarding
Identity Resolution
Overview
Onboarding
Space Setup
Use Cases
External IDs
Settings
E-Commerce Example
Profiles Sync
Profiles Sync Overview
Profiles Sync Setup
Setup
Databricks for Profiles Sync
Sample Queries
Tables & Materialized Views
Data Graph
Data Graph
Setup Guides
BigQuery Data Graph Setup
Databricks Data Graph Setup
Redshift Data Graph Setup
Snowflake Data Graph Setup
Linked Events
Linked Events Overview
Linked Events Limits
Traits
Predictions
Predictions
Using Predictions
Suggested Predictive Audiences
Predictions Nutrition Facts Label
Computed Traits
Custom Traits
SQL Traits
Recommended Items
Profile API
Profile Debugger
Profiles Insights
CSV Upload
Unify and GDPR
Unify FAQs
Unify Limits
Engage
Introduction
Foundations Onboarding
Premier Onboarding
Use Cases
User Subscriptions
User Subscriptions
Set User Subscriptions
Subscription States
Subscription Groups
Subscriptions with SQL Traits
Update Subscriptions with a CSV
Profiles
Use Profiles and Traits with a CSV
Audiences
Audiences Overview
Linked Audiences
Linked Audiences Overview
Linked Audiences Limits
Account-level Audiences
Generative Audiences
Generative Audiences Nutrition Facts Label
Product Based Audiences
Product Based Audiences Nutrition Facts Label
Organize Audiences
Send Audiences to Destinations
Journeys
Journeys Overview
Build a Journey
Journey Step Types
Journey Edits and Versioning
Send Data to Destinations
Journeys Analytics
Event-Triggered Journeys
Overview
Event-Triggered Journeys Steps
Journey Context
Journeys Best Practices and FAQ
Example Journeys Use Cases
Understand Journeys Logic
Journeys Glossary
Content
Email Template
Drag and Drop Editor
HTML Editor
SMS Template
WhatsApp Template
Mobile Push Template
Organizing Your Templates
Campaigns
Campaigns Overview
Email Campaigns
SMS Campaigns
Broadcasts
WhatsApp Campaigns
Mobile Push
Mobile Push Onboarding
Mobile Push Campaigns
Trait Activation
Trait Activation Overview
Trait Enrichment
ID Sync
Analytics Overview
Engage Settings
Engage Default Limits
Engage and Warehouses
Using Engage Data
Engage FAQs
Privacy
Privacy Overview
Privacy Portal
Detect PII
Data Controls and Alerts
GDPR
Complying With GDPR
User Deletion and Suppression
Consent Management
Consent Management Overview
Consent in Segment Connections
Configure Consent Management
Consent in Unify
Consent in Reverse ETL
Consent FAQs
Data Retention and Deletion Policy
Account & Data Deletion
HIPAA Eligible Segment
Privacy FAQs
Protocols
Protocols Overview
Create a Tracking Plan
Data Collection Best Practices
The Tracking Plan
Tracking Plan Libraries
Validate With Violations
Connect Sources to Your Tracking Plan
Review and Resolve Event Violations
Forward Violations
Enforce With Data Controls
Customize Your Schema Controls
Forward Blocked Events
Transform to Fix Bad Data
Protocols Extensions
Protocols APIs
Typewriter
Anomaly Detection
Schema Controls
Protocols FAQs
Segment App
Segment Web App
Workspace Home
Access Management
Identity & Access Management Overview
Concepts
Roles
Manage Workspace Access
Label-Based Access Control
Audit Trail
Single Sign On
System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) Configuration Guide
Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
Extensions
Extensions Overview
dbt
Git
Picking a Secure Password
Prod and Testing Environments in Segment
Verifying Your Email Address
Support Access
API
Public API
Public API
Destination Filter Query Language
Segment Query Language
Config API
Config API overview
API design
Authentication
Destination Filter Query Language
Partners
Glossary
Help
Product Updates
Back to Segment.com
Log in
Sign Up
Home
Getting Started
What is Segment?
How Segment Works
Getting Started Guide
A Basic Segment Installation
Planning a Full Installation
A Full Segment Installation
Sending Data to Destinations
Testing and Debugging
What's Next
Use Cases
Use Cases Overview
Choosing a Use Case
Use Cases Setup
Use Cases Reference
Guides
An Introduction to Segment
For Developers
For Data Users
For Workspace Admins
Filtering your Segment Data
Handling Duplicate Data
Internet Bots
Segment vs. Tag Managers
Replay
Regional Segment
Audiences and Journeys
How-to Guides
How-to Guides Index
Automating Multi-Channel Re-Engagement Campaigns
Collecting Data on the Client or Server
Collecting Pageviews on the Server Side
Creating a Push Notification
Tracking Customers Across Channels and Devices
Setting up a Dynamic Coupon Program to Reward Loyal Customers
Forecasting LTV with SQL and Excel for E-Commerce
Importing Historical Data
Joining User Profiles
Measuring Your Advertising Funnel
Measuring the ROI of Your Marketing Campaigns
Migrating Code From Other Analytics Tools
Segment's Role in Attribution
Setting Up Event-Triggered Notifications or Alerts
Usage and Billing
Account Management
Billing and Account FAQs
MTUs, Throughput and Billing
Discounts or Coupons
Connections
Overview
The Segment Spec
Spec Overview
Spec: Page
Spec: Screen
Spec: Track
Spec: Group
Spec: Identify
Spec: Alias
Spec: AI Copilot
Spec: Common Fields
Native Mobile Spec
What is the native mobile spec?
Packaging SDKs for Mobile Destinations
Spec: Semantic Events
Spec: B2B SaaS
Spec: Ecommerce Events
Ecommerce Tracking Plans
Video Spec
Best Practices for Identifying Users
Best Practices for Event Calls
Sources
Sources Overview
Sources Catalog
Cloud Sources
Source Debugger
Segment-Managed Custom Domain
Self-Managed Custom Proxy
Visual Tagger
Schema
Schema Controls
Using Schema Controls
Schema Unique Limits
Destinations
Destinations Overview
Destination Actions
Add a Destination
Destinations Catalog
Destination Filters
Reverse ETL
Reverse ETL Overview
Set Up Reverse ETL
Manage Reverse ETL Syncs
Reverse ETL System
Reverse ETL Destination Catalog
Reverse ETL Source Setup Guides
Azure Reverse ETL Setup
BigQuery Reverse ETL Setup
Databricks Reverse ETL Setup
Postgres Reverse ETL Setup
Redshift Reverse ETL Setup
Snowflake Reverse ETL Setup
Functions
Functions Overview
Source Functions
Destination Functions
Destination Insert Functions
Functions Copilot
Functions Copilot Nutrition Facts Label
Functions Environment
Functions Usage Limits
Functions for AWS APIs
Storage Destinations
Storage Destinations Overview
Storage Destinations Catalog
Segment Data Lakes
Data Lakes Overview
Set Up Data Lakes
Sync Reports and Error Reporting
AWS Lake Formation
Data Lakes Sync History and Health
Data Lakes vs. Warehouses
Data Warehouses
Warehouse Overview
Warehouse Schemas
Warehouse Syncs
Warehouse Health Dashboards
Choosing a Warehouse
Warehouse FAQs
Adding Warehouse Users
Warehouse Errors
Redshift Cluster and Redshift Connector Limitations
Speeding Up Redshift Queries
Useful SQL Queries for Redshift
Regional Segment
Testing Connections
Data Export Options
Using Schema Controls
Event Delivery
Delivery Overview
Connections Alerting
Locate Your Write Key
Integration Error Codes
Rate Limits
OAuth 2.0
AWS PrivateLink Integration
Unify
Unify Overview
Unify Onboarding
Identity Resolution
Overview
Onboarding
Space Setup
Use Cases
External IDs
Settings
E-Commerce Example
Profiles Sync
Profiles Sync Overview
Profiles Sync Setup
Setup
Databricks for Profiles Sync
Sample Queries
Tables & Materialized Views
Data Graph
Data Graph
Setup Guides
BigQuery Data Graph Setup
Databricks Data Graph Setup
Redshift Data Graph Setup
Snowflake Data Graph Setup
Linked Events
Linked Events Overview
Linked Events Limits
Traits
Predictions
Predictions
Using Predictions
Suggested Predictive Audiences
Predictions Nutrition Facts Label
Computed Traits
Custom Traits
SQL Traits
Recommended Items
Profile API
Profile Debugger
Profiles Insights
CSV Upload
Unify and GDPR
Unify FAQs
Unify Limits
Engage
Introduction
Foundations Onboarding
Premier Onboarding
Use Cases
User Subscriptions
User Subscriptions
Set User Subscriptions
Subscription States
Subscription Groups
Subscriptions with SQL Traits
Update Subscriptions with a CSV
Profiles
Use Profiles and Traits with a CSV
Audiences
Audiences Overview
Linked Audiences
Linked Audiences Overview
Linked Audiences Limits
Account-level Audiences
Generative Audiences
Generative Audiences Nutrition Facts Label
Product Based Audiences
Product Based Audiences Nutrition Facts Label
Organize Audiences
Send Audiences to Destinations
Journeys
Journeys Overview
Build a Journey
Journey Step Types
Journey Edits and Versioning
Send Data to Destinations
Journeys Analytics
Event-Triggered Journeys
Overview
Event-Triggered Journeys Steps
Journey Context
Journeys Best Practices and FAQ
Example Journeys Use Cases
Understand Journeys Logic
Journeys Glossary
Content
Email Template
Drag and Drop Editor
HTML Editor
SMS Template
WhatsApp Template
Mobile Push Template
Organizing Your Templates
Campaigns
Campaigns Overview
Email Campaigns
SMS Campaigns
Broadcasts
WhatsApp Campaigns
Mobile Push
Mobile Push Onboarding
Mobile Push Campaigns
Trait Activation
Trait Activation Overview
Trait Enrichment
ID Sync
Analytics Overview
Engage Settings
Engage Default Limits
Engage and Warehouses
Using Engage Data
Engage FAQs
Privacy
Privacy Overview
Privacy Portal
Detect PII
Data Controls and Alerts
GDPR
Complying With GDPR
User Deletion and Suppression
Consent Management
Consent Management Overview
Consent in Segment Connections
Configure Consent Management
Consent in Unify
Consent in Reverse ETL
Consent FAQs
Data Retention and Deletion Policy
Account & Data Deletion
HIPAA Eligible Segment
Privacy FAQs
Protocols
Protocols Overview
Create a Tracking Plan
Data Collection Best Practices
The Tracking Plan
Tracking Plan Libraries
Validate With Violations
Connect Sources to Your Tracking Plan
Review and Resolve Event Violations
Forward Violations
Enforce With Data Controls
Customize Your Schema Controls
Forward Blocked Events
Transform to Fix Bad Data
Protocols Extensions
Protocols APIs
Typewriter
Anomaly Detection
Schema Controls
Protocols FAQs
Segment App
Segment Web App
Workspace Home
Access Management
Identity & Access Management Overview
Concepts
Roles
Manage Workspace Access
Label-Based Access Control
Audit Trail
Single Sign On
System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) Configuration Guide
Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
Extensions
Extensions Overview
dbt
Git
Picking a Secure Password
Prod and Testing Environments in Segment
Verifying Your Email Address
Support Access
API
Public API
Public API
Destination Filter Query Language
Segment Query Language
Config API
Config API overview
API design
Authentication
Destination Filter Query Language
Partners
Glossary
Config API
Config API overview
API design
Authentication
Destination Filter Query Language
Reference
Creating a Javascript web source and Google Analytics destination
Help
Home
/
Privacy
/
Privacy Portal
Privacy Portal
Free ✓
Team ✓
Business ✓
Add-on x
?
Privacy Portal is available for the listed account plans only.
See the
available plans
, or
contact Support
.
On this page
Privacy Detection
Privacy Inbox
Privacy Inventory
When preparing for new privacy regulations (like HIPAA, the GDPR, or the CCPA), the
best practice is to create a comprehensive data inventory which includes details
about what personal information you collect, where you collect it from, where
you store the data, and who has access to it. The Privacy Portal helps automate
this process for the data you collect with Segment.
When you use Segment as the single point of collection for your customer data, you can use the Privacy Portal to:
Automatically detect and classify your customer data to create a dynamic data inventory
Monitor changes to your inventory with real-time alerts
Enforce your company’s data privacy policies with standard privacy controls
Streamline regulatory compliance with tools for user deletion and suppression
Privacy Portal features are available to all Segment workspaces, however only workspace owners can access the Privacy Portal.
Privacy Detection
The Detection page in the Privacy Portal is where you can find out more about
exactly how data is being detected and classified in your workspace. You can
think of it as the brain behind the entire Privacy Portal, filled with the logic
that detects and classifies the data in the first place.
On this page, you can also modify your Detection settings and
tell Segment how you want us to match data
, so that it is meets your unique business needs.
Default PII Matchers
Out of the box, the Privacy Portal contains matchers for the most common PII
fields. These matchers scan data coming from your Sources for PII based on both
exact-matching (looking for an exact match, such as a field name) and
fuzzy-matching (looking for both exact matches, and any values which are
similar).
In this section of Segment’s Privacy Portal, you can see the fields we match
against by default. The display lists whether we match on the key (for example
the label “CCN”) or value (for example, the payload 123-456-7890) in the
Matches On
column. You can also see how we classify these matchers by
default in the
Default Classification
column.
Below is a full list of automatically detected restricted fields.
Matcher
Classification
social security number
red
password
red
visa
red
veteran
red
disability
red
credit card
red
passport
red
token
red
race
yellow
birthdate
yellow
phone
yellow
address
yellow
gender
yellow
ethnicity
yellow
citizenship
yellow
name
yellow
street
yellow
city
yellow
zipcode
yellow
email
yellow
certificate
yellow
license
yellow
identification
yellow
serial
yellow
ip
yellow
photo
yellow
salary
yellow
religion
yellow
email
yellow
mac
yellow
sex
yellow
gender
yellow
sexual orientation
yellow
medication
yellow
allergy
yellow
condition
yellow
diagnosis
yellow
procedure
yellow
When Segment detects data that meets the criteria for one of the default
matchers (in the list above) in properties in your Web, Mobile, Server, or Cloud
Event Sources, we display it in the
Privacy Portal Inbox
.
Default PII matchers are currently uneditable. If you want to change the behavior of a default matcher, you can create a custom PII matcher that replicates and overwrites the default matcher.
Custom PII Matchers
This is where you can create your very own matchers to tell Segment what to scan
for in your workspace. You can use this feature to detect properties that are
unique to your company or region, or that aren’t already handled by the default
matchers above. You can have up to 100 custom matchers per workspace. Custom
Matchers detect data in your Web, Mobile, Server, and Cloud Event Sources for 
fields under
context
,
traits
and
properties
objects, and
the data they detect appears in the Inbox.
For example, if you have a restricted data point at your company called “SIN”
(for “social insurance number”) you can tell Segment’s Privacy Portal how to
treat that property whenever it is appears in data Segment processes.
To create a Custom Matcher:
Click
Add a Custom Matcher
.
Enter the
Matcher Name
(for example the property name, like “Social Insurance Number”). Segment matches against the
Matcher Name
, as well as the other context you provide in the next steps.
Set the default classification:
Red
for highly restricted
Yellow
for moderately restricted
Choose whether to match on a
Key
(for example, “SIN”, “Social Insurance Number”, “Social Insurance No.”, “SocInsNo”) or on a
Value
(for example. “123-456-789”, “1234567”)
Select how precise the match should be, by choosing
Exact
or
Similar
match.
Exact
matches mean that a key matches the term exactly (for example “phone number” but never “phne number”)
Similar to
matches a
Key
that is similar to a term within a fuzzy string distance (for example “email” and “e-mail”). We built fuzzy matching using
this public GitHub repository
. If the score is > 0.7, then we say it’s a match.
Unless the field value pattern is unique, we recommend matching on the Key. For
example, for Credit Card Number, it’s better to detect on Keys that look like
“CCN” or “Credit Card Number” instead of trying to detect any values that look
like “1234567890”, because a 10-digit string can be found in all kinds of data
even when it’s not an CCN. For example, the key “Product_ID” could contain a
10-digit string, even though Product_ID does not actually contain an SSN. A
North American phone number (without country code) is also ten digits.
PII Access
Use Access Roles to control who has access to the PII identified by your matchers.
An intro to Regular expressions
Custom Matchers use
regular expressions
(using the
Golang Regex Package
) to provide you great flexibility for your matching patterns.
Regular expressions (or regexes) are a way to describe to a computer a pattern
that we’re looking for, using a series of special symbols. For example, if we
want to match all Gmail emails, we’d write the following regex:
@example.com
This pattern matches
jane@example.com
,
mike@example.com
and so on. Regular
expressions can also contain special symbols. One of them is
\d
and it tells
the computer to match a single-digit number. In that case, regular expression
Number \d
would match
Number 1
,
Number 2
and so on. You can match multiple
digits by adding a plus sign (
+
) at the end:
Year \d+
. This pattern would
match
Year 2019
,
Year 2020
, etc.
If you need to match a specific word, you can type the word without any
modifiers. For example, a regular expression of
Apple
would only match strings
that contain
Apple
. You can also change it to match all
Apple
or
Orange
words, by separating the search terms with a “pipe” character, like so:
Apple|Orange
.
Regular expressions have much more flexibility than we can describe here. Check
out the following resources to learn more about regular expressions so you can
build new custom matchers:
RegExr
- an online tool to experiment with regular expressions and test them
RegexOne
- a tutorial which takes you from regular expression basics to advanced topics
Regexp Cheatsheet
- a handy cheatsheet to have nearby when you’re writing regular expressions
Using Synonyms
Segment’s exact matching and fuzzy matching do not detect all variations in the received keys
and for those scenarios, you can use synonyms.  For example, for the value
credit card number
, you can add
credit card no
,
debit card number
,
debit card no
, or similar variations in the synonyms section to classify those fields.
Privacy Inbox
The Inbox helps you keep track of new restricted data types as they are captured, quickly classify them, and build a data Inventory.
Segment detects these fields by scanning data from your Web, Mobile, Server, and Cloud Event Sources to detect PII based on the
default PII matchers
. New properties sent into Segment appear in the Inbox in realtime.
When you view the Inbox, it displays every property that was sent into Segment from Web, Mobile, Server, and Cloud Event Sources for the past 7 days. (
Object Cloud Sources
and
Reverse ETL Sources
do not appear in the Inbox at this time.)
You can click a row in the Inbox to learn more about a field and where it was collected. The expanded view shows:
which events contain the field
which sources are sending the field
which matcher (and what type of matcher) detected the field
an example code snippet containing a payload that the field appears in
To streamline the classification process, Segment pre-classifies the data in the
Privacy Portal Inbox as
Red
(likely highly restricted data),
Yellow
(likely moderately restricted data), and
Green
(likely least restricted
data). These colors indicate how restricted the data is for your business. You
can also send and block data from flowing based on its color classification and
how restricted it is.
Segment makes recommendations about how a field should be classified using
built-in PII matcher
detection
, however, you can always
update the classification in the Inbox based on your company’s requirements.
Change a recommended classification
You can update the classifications to suit your needs by clicking on the color
dropdown menu to change. For example, you might manually change a field that
does not contain personal information in your implementation from a “Yellow”
classification to “Green.”
When you’re satisfied that the fields have been classified appropriately, you
can click
Add to Inventory
to officially apply the classification to the
field. This moves the field into your
Data Inventory
,
which is a central repository of all of the properties
you
classified as Red,
Yellow, and Green. Any time you send this field from a Web, Mobile, Server, or
Cloud Event Source — whether from another Source or event type — the Privacy
Portal automatically classifies it and adds it to the Inventory.
Understanding Classification types:
Red Classification
:
Fields that are classified as ‘Red’ are masked for users that do not have PII Access enabled. These fields are also blocked if you have set Standard Controls under Privacy > Settings section.
Keep in mind that if you have set Standard Controls to block fields from any of your sources, any new classifications you create in the Inbox will start to take affect immediately. For example, if you have a Privacy Control set up to block
Red
data from your Android source, any new fields you classify in the Inbox as
Red
will be blocked from entering Segment from your Android source.
Yellow Classification
:
Fields that are classified as
Yellow
are masked for users that do not have PII Access enabled. You need a Custom Matcher to mask fields other than those in the Default PII Matchers list.
Green Classification
:
Classifying a field as ‘Green’ does not have any impact on the behavior of masking of fields within the Segment App, it is only available for the housekeeping purposes.
Once a field has been classified as “Yellow” or “Red”, marking it “Green” will not make it visible for users that don’t have PII access.
Privacy Inventory
The Inventory is a central repository of all of the properties
you
classified as Red, Yellow, and Green. Where the
Inbox
shows new, unclassified data with Segment’s
recommended
classifications, the Inventory only contains data that you explicitly applied Classifications to.
The Inventory is intended to be a Single Source of Truth so you can answer common regulatory questions about the data you’re sending through Segment, for example:
What data am I sending into Segment, and how frequently?
How restricted is the data I’m sending through Segment?
Where is the data coming from, on a property-by-property level?
Where am I sending this data?
Who within my organization has access to each property within Segment?
Once you’ve classified the fields as Red, Yellow, and Green in the Inbox, the classified fields appear in the Inventory. You can use the filter at the top left to filter down to specific categories of data (for example, Red data, data from a production environment, data from specific sources).
Click into a field (for example,
ip
) in the Inventory to open the Inventory
details. The details sheet displays how many times a specific field has been
sent from each Source it comes from. You can click the Events tab to see which
events contained the event, along with the Sources which sent the event. The
data in the side sheet updates in realtime, and includes a limited historical
view.
You can click
Connected Destinations
to see which Destinations are
connected to the Source that contains the field. The Access tab displays a list
of who within your organization has access to this field.
Finally, workspace owners can use the
Download CSV
button to export a CSV of
their data Inventory to share with their Data Protection Officer (DPO), Chief
Information Security Officer (CISO), legal teams, and more! Note that the CSV
download button includes
all
data from your Inventory, and ignores any filters
you applied in the UI.
This page was last modified: 29 Jan 2025
Need support?
Questions? Problems? Need more info? Contact Segment Support for assistance!
Visit our Support page
Help improve these docs!
Edit this page
Request docs change
Was this page helpful?
Yes
No
Thanks for your feedback!
Can we improve this doc?
Send us feedback!
Get started with Segment
Segment is the easiest way to integrate your websites & mobile apps data to over 300 analytics and growth tools.
Request Demo
or
Create free account
Edit this page
Request docs change
On this page
Privacy Detection
Privacy Inbox
Privacy Inventory
Was this page helpful?
Yes
No
Thanks for your feedback!
Can we improve
this doc?
Send us feedback!
Send
Send
Send
Sub-policy 8
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/:
Are you an agency specialized in UX, digital marketing, or growth? Join our
Partner Program
Close banner
Hotjar Logo
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Case studies
Resources
Contact Sales
Sign in
Get started
English
Language
Get started
Toggle navigation menu
Legal / Policies
Back to legal overview
Privacy Policy
Date: 17 January 2024
Version number: 7.1
Language
English
We will NEVER sell Your Personal Data to Third Parties.
Hotjar will only share or disclose Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Data processed by Hotjar Ltd. (“
Hotjar
”, “
We
”, “
Us
” and “
Our
”) when You visit
www.hotjar.com
in addition to any sub-pages that are integrated within it (the “
Site
”); and/or make use of Hotjar’s Platform.
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data We collect through Our Site and Platform, how and why We collect it, how We use and disclose the Personal Data We collect and information on how to exercise privacy rights over this Personal Data.
We have also included a section on the processing of Personal Data sent to Hotjar from visitors to a Hotjar Enabled Site.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time but We will never do so in a manner that compromises Our commitment to respect the privacy of individuals. The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs Our practices for collecting, processing and disclosing Personal Data. We will provide notice via email to Our Customers and on this page of any material modifications to this Privacy Policy. Continued use of Our Site and/or Platform following the effective date of any modifications will constitute acceptance of the modified Agreement (this includes Our
Terms of Service
,
Data Processing Agreement
,
Acceptable Use Policy
and this Privacy Policy).
All capitalized terms in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as defined in the
Terms of Service
and in the Applicable Law.
Information about Hotjar
Hotjar is a company headquartered in the European Union (EU) that provides Software as a Service (SaaS). Hotjar is a digital experience insights platform that provides visual behaviour insights, in-the-moment feedback, and 1:1 interviews, all in one place.
Personal Data Collected by Hotjar
The Personal Data We collect depends on whether the individual is:
A visitor to the Hotjar Site
A Customer or user (the “
User
”) of the Hotjar Platform
A Tester who signed up on the Hotjar Platform
Personal Data collected from a visitor of the Hotjar Site
This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from visitors to the Hotjar Site (
hotjar.com
) or any of Our sub-sites or sub-domains (e.g.
help.hotjar.com
, etc.).
Any Personal Data provided by a visitor to Our Site will be used only as described in this Privacy Policy and Hotjar’s
Acceptable Use Policy
.
Usage Data
When someone visits the Hotjar Site, We may temporarily store the name of their internet service provider, IP address, the website they visited Us from, the parts of Our Site they visit, the date and duration of the visit, and information from the device (e.g. device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) used during their visit or other similar information that helps Us understand your behaviour on our Site. We process this usage data to facilitate access to Our Site (e.g. to adjust Our Site to the devices that are used). We may use this data to analyze, develop, improve, secure or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Sites, or to make sure We are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated and/or anonymized form. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices. Hotjar uses cookies to process information including standard internet log information and details of the visitor’s behavioral patterns upon visiting Our Site. This is done to:
operate Our Site;
provide visitors to Our Site with a better experience by providing Us with insights on how visitors use Our Site; and
for marketing purposes, as detailed below.
For more info about the cookies We make use of, please visit Our
Cookie Information page
.
Contacting Us
Visitors to Our Site have the opportunity to contact Us to ask Us questions, for example via a contact form, where We ask for contact information (e.g. name, email address etc.). We use this data solely in connection with answering the queries We receive.
If a visitor to Our Site receives emails from Us, We may use certain analytics tools, to capture data such as when the email is opened or when any links or banners in the email have been clicked. This data helps Us understand the effectiveness of Our communications and marketing campaigns.
The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Personal Data collected from Hotjar’s Customers, Users and Testers
This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from its Customers, Users and Testers when making use of Hotjar’s Platform.
When someone signs up for an account with Hotjar, contacts Our customer support for assistance, or subscribes to Our content or special offers, We may ask for additional Personal Data such as their name, email address and additional details about them or the organization they represent.
We will solely process this Personal Data to provide Our Platform in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. If you are a User of Our Platform on behalf of a Hotjar Customer that has concluded this Agreement with Hotjar, the legal basis for Hotjar to process your Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Please refer to Our
Terms of Service
for further details on signing up and using Our Platfor.
We temporarily store IP addresses of Customers, Users and Testers of Our Platform for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs) and to monitor and track application errors. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete these IP addresses within thirty (30) calendar days.The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We may use technical data (such as keypresses, timestamps, etc.) collected through the Platform to analyze, develop, improve or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Site, or to make sure we are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated or anonymized form.
A Customer
may delete their Hotjar account
at any time. Users and Testers may delete their respective accounts through their account settings. After account deletion, We may retain Personal Data (in part or in whole) associated with the Customer, User or Tester to meet any regulatory and reporting requirements for the timeframes stipulated by law and to be able to address customer service issues. Any other Personal Data We were processing relating to Our Customer, Tester and/or Users of that Hotjar account will be deleted permanently within thirty (30) calendar days. This does not apply to any Personal Data collected as part of Customer research within the Engage Product. To maintian the quality of the research data, any research-related Personal Data may need to be kept for a reasonably required time.
We may use Personal Data and other Data about Our Customers, Users and/or Testers (including but not limited to demographic information, location information, information about the computer or device from which they access Our Platform) to create, wherever possible, anonymized and aggregated information and analytics. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
The information We collect from Our Customers, Users and/or Testers is disclosed only in accordance with the Agreement and the Applicable Law.
Personal Data collected from Engage Product Testers
THIS SECTION APPLIES ONLY TO THE REGISTERED TESTERS OF OUR ENGAGE PRODUCT
When a Tester signs up to the Engage Product, we will ask them to share some Personal Data with Us to create a Tester profile. The Tester profile information will be revealed to Hotjar and Our Customers, who may invite you to usability study interviews ("
Interviews
"). The Engage Product has been built to connect Testers with the best-matched Customers for their Interviews. Better matches means happier Customers and more payouts for Testers. We analyse the data Testers provide Us with, along with the information about the Tester’s use of Our Platform, to suggest a good Interview match.
We collect and process Tester Personal Data to allow Testers to participate in Customer research, as well as for database management, managing contacts and sending messages, analytics, managing Our hosting and backend infrastructure, paying Testers for their service, Tester registration and authentication and displaying content from external platforms.
The data categories we will ask Testers to provide in order to build the Tester profile may include but are not limited to, name, age, country of residence, educational background, profession, marital status, phone number and other registration information. This information allows us to effectively match Testers with the right Customers. Testers may also optionally upload an avatar or enter their gender, but can remove this at any time. If a Tester deletes their account, their profile data will be removed too. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
We will also collect information that relates to how Testers use Our Platform. The categories of Personal Data relating to this include but are not limited to timezone, broad location (town or district), web browser, operating system and the device used, referral sources, email engagement data, data on how you use the Engage Product (including last login date and frequency) and account signup date. This information allows Us to personalize the Engage Product to Testers’ needs and to improve Our Engage Product. We do not collect precise, real-time information about the location of a Tester’s device. We delete (or anonymize) such Tester Personal Data as soon as you cancel your account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
On an entirely voluntary basis, Testers may choose to connect their social media account with their Tester profile. This will grant Us read-only access to their social media account and we will store their social media account ID, along with a secure 'access key' that these social media companies provide to Us. If Tester grants Us access, we may also process their email address that is associated with the social media account, name, profile picture, gender and age range, which we may use to enhance Tester profile data on the Engage Product. We use social media account data as a 'quality signal' to confirm that the Engage Product account belongs to a real person and therefore, sharing of social account data may affect the number of Interview invitations a Tester receives. We will never post content to a Tester’s social profile without their permission and we will never request or access their private messages on these accounts. Testers can choose to disconnect their social media accounts at any time, which will prevent Us from being able to access them. Social media account data will also be deleted if you choose to delete your Hotjar account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) GDPR.
In order to be able to remunerate Our Testers we will process payment related information that Testers share with Us such as PayPal email address, residential address, etc.. We may also need to keep a history of payments made to Testers. This is needed to comply with accounting and legal rules. This data may be kept up to seven (7) years. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR.
Hotjar’s use of Personal Data
Access and Disclosure to Third Parties
We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data analysis, processing and/or storage offerings (e.g., IT and related services). These Third Party service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share data with them that is required for the services offered and We contractually bind them to keep any information We share with them as confidential and to process Personal Data only according to Our instructions. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
In addition to services providers, other categories of Third Parties may include:
Vendors/public institutions.
To the extent that this is necessary in order to make use of certain services requiring special expertise (such as legal, accounting or auditing services) We may share Personal Data with vendors of such services or public institutions that offer them (e.g. courts). The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If We are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then Data may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Other than the cases mentioned above, We will only transfer Personal Data to Third Parties without express consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR or if We are obliged to do so by statutory law or by instruction from a public authority or court as outlined in Our
Terms of Service
.
Communication Purposes
We may occasionally send notification emails about updates to Our product, legal documents, customer support or for marketing purposes. To the extent required by Applicable Law, We will only send such messages if We have obtained consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. In all other cases, the legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Except for cases where We are required to do so by law (e.g. notification of a data breach, providing you with important information about your account, updating our legal documents, etc.), recipients of Our communication shall have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving these messages free of charge. We process requests to be placed on do-not-contact lists as required by Applicable Law.
Marketing Purposes
We use Personal Data given to Us by Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to target advertisements to:
Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to keep them informed about Hotjar and any product changes we make; and
Potential new Customers or Testers that appear to have shared interests or similar demographics.
The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
We do this by sharing Personal Data with Third Party marketing platforms that have high privacy and confidentiality standards and which have gone through a legal and security review by Hotjar. This ensures that these Third Parties cannot do anything with the Personal Data We provide them other than use it for the express purpose of providing Us with the marketing services We contract them for.
This Personal Data is only shared with these Third Parties through secure and encrypted means. If you wish to opt out of this processing activity, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
with the subject line “Opt-Out of Marketing”.
Compliance and Protection
We may use Personal Data to (legal basis for the respective processing in parentheses):
protect Our, Our Customers’/Users’, Testers’, visitors’ to Our Site or Third Parties’ rights, privacy, safety or property including by making and defending legal claims (Article 6(1)(b), (c) or (f) GDPR);
audit Our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR);
enforce Our
Terms of Service
(Article 6(1)(b) or (f) GDPR);
protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR); and
comply with the Applicable Law, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities (Article 6(1)(c) or (f) GDPR).
Benchmarking
Hotjar reserves the right to use and retain Data in a de-identified and/or aggregated form to improve Our Site and/or Platform and for statistical and benchmarking purposes, including enabling comparisons within the same industry to enhance the insights collected through Our Site and Platform. Benchmarks look at all collected metrics and compare them to others of the same nature. These de-identified and/or aggregated benchmarks may be published and shared publicly within Our Platform or in the form of other content We publish which may show a summary of results for a certain category or question type.
No Data which can individually identify Our Customers, or their end-users, Our Users or Our Testers will ever be shown in this statistical or benchmark data.
The legal basis for aggregating/anonymizing this Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Intra-group sharing of User and visitor Data
Hotjar is part of the Content Square SAS group (“
Contentsquare
”) which is headquartered in Paris, France. In the course of our normal operations, Hotjar may share Data (e.g. name and contact details, etc.) of Users of Hotjar accounts, Testers, and visitors of Our Site (hotjar.com) with Contentsquare.
The purpose of sharing this Data is to pursue synergies in sales and marketing, which is in both Hotjar’s and Contentsquare’s legitimate commercial interests. The legal basis of this Data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Hotjar and Contentsquare are jointly responsible for these processing activities (so-called joint controllership). If you would like more information in this regard or would like to exercise your rights as described in this Privacy Policy, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com.
Other Purposes with Your Consent
In some cases, We may ask you for consent to collect, use or share Personal Data for other purposes. For example, We may ask you for consent to send marketing emails where required by law or to post testimonials or endorsements. In such cases, there will always be the ability to deny or revoke consent if desired. The legal basis for the data processing is under Article 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Duration of Processing
Unless a different timeframe has been specifically stated in this Privacy Policy or in
Our Pricing Page,
Personal Data will be retained for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which We originally collected it or to provide Our Platform, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, and enforce Our Agreement. We may also retain information as required by Applicable Law.
International Transfers of Personal Data
In most cases, Personal Data We collect is stored in the EU. However, in some limited cases, customer information may be accessed from, or other Personal Data (e.g., email, etc.) may be transferred outside of the EU. These countries may have different data protection laws. Hotjar endeavors to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place requiring that Personal Data will remain protected. Hotjar has concluded Standard Contractual Clauses with entities who We share Personal Data with outside of the EU. Further details about this can be found in Our article on
Data Storage
.
Children’s Information
Hotjar’s Platform is not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children. If you learn that your child has provided Us with Personal Data without your consent, you may contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com. If We learn that We have collected a child’s Personal Data in violation of Applicable Law, We will promptly take steps to investigate this, delete such information and, if applicable, terminate the child’s account. We will also make sure to have preventive measures in place for this not to happen again in the future.
Rights over Personal Data
If you are a visitor to Our Site or a Customer, User and/or Tester of Our Platform and We have collected Personal Data about you, you have a right to access and to be informed about what Personal Data is processed by Hotjar, a right to rectification/correction, erasure/anonymization and restriction of processing (subject to certain exceptions and other requirements prescribed by law). You also have the right to receive from Hotjar a structured, common and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided Us.
When you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out prior to withdrawing it. Whenever you withdraw consent, you acknowledge and accept that this may have a negative influence on the quality of Our Site and/or Platform. Please be aware that when you withdraw consent, We may delete the Personal Data previously processed on the basis of your consent and will not be allowed to keep it further which will mean that it cannot be accessed, downloaded or otherwise secured by you.
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your respective data protection authority.
To protect your privacy, We take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if We have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with Us directly and/or you are using Our Site and/or Platform.
To protect your privacy, We will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling any consumer request under the Applicable Law. When you make a request, We will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify you are the person We collected Personal Data about or an authorized representative, which may include your email address.
If You are located in California…
This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what
Categories of Personal Data
Hotjar has collected about them and whether Hotjar disclosed that Personal Data for a business purpose (e.g. to a service provider) in the preceding twelve (12) months.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
. We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws.
Sales of Personal Information Under the CCPA.
For purposes of the CCPA, Hotjar does not “sell” Personal Data, nor do We have actual knowledge of any “sale” of Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents will have the right to exercise the rights conferred to them by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request under the CCPA. If applicable, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
.
If You are located in Brazil…
This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data under the Brazilian
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
(LGPD).
In addition to the rights described above, you also have the right to:
access your Personal Data processed by Hotjar;
unless restricted by law, request information about the public and private entities with which We have shared your Personal Data;
oppose to the processing carried out; and/or
receive information about the possibility of not providing your consent and the consequences of such denial.
If you are a Brazilian resident or were in Brazil when your Personal Data was collected and would like to exercise any of your rights under the LGPD, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
. We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws.
Personal Data collected from a visitor of a Hotjar Enabled Site
This section applies to Personal Data sent to Hotjar from Our Customers about visitors to their site using Our Platform (i.e. a Hotjar Enabled Site).
When an end-user visits a Hotjar Enabled Site, the Hotjar Enabled Site’s privacy policy will apply to the Personal Data collected and not this Privacy Policy.
This section should always be read in conjunction with the specific privacy policy of the Hotjar Enabled Site which will contain further details regarding the processing of your Personal Data by the Hotjar Enabled Site.
When making use of Our Platform, Our Customers are bound by Our Privacy Policy, Our
Terms of Service
, and Our
Acceptable Use Policy
. You can get more information about Hotjar by visiting
Our Site
.
If you are a visitor to a Hotjar Enabled Site, Hotjar may temporarily process your IP address so that We can ensure Our service is running smoothly and improve the quality of Our Platform. Any IP addresses We process are used exclusively for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs on the Hotjar Enable Site) and to monitor and track application errors. For this purpose, We may temporarily store your IP address with Hotjar’s
Sub-Processors
which are subject to strict obligations of confidentiality and will process it only according to Our instructions. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete any IP addresses We process or store within thirty (30) calendar days. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Some Hotjar Customers may have the ability to integrate Data they have collected through Our Platform with other end-user data they have in their possession (e.g. their customer information).
Depending on the web browser you use, it might be possible for you to disallow Hotjar from collecting Data when visiting a Hotjar Enabled Site. To discover if your web browser offers this functionality visit Our
Do Not Track page
.
Please note that We cannot respond to any requests from end-users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to their Personal Data, including requests to provide, rectify or delete any end-user Personal Data. Any requests from end users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to Customer Personal Data should be sent to the relevant Hotjar Customer.
Previous Versions of this Privacy Policy
Version 7.1 (
compare markup changes between version 7 and 7.1
)
Cookies on hotjar.com website
We use cookies to provide visitors with the best possible experience on our website. These include analytics, functionality, and targeting cookies, which may also be used in our marketing efforts. Click the button to agree to the use of cookies or click ‘Cookie settings’ to manage your preferences.
Cookie Policy
Cookie settings
Reject All
Accept
Manage Consent Preferences for Hotjar.com
Cookies help us understand how visitors use our website so we can provide an enhanced browsing experience. For more information on the cookies we use, see our
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 9
https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
Cookie Consent
Storage Preferences
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to make our website work, enhance your website experience, analyze website traffic, and support our marketing efforts. By using our website or clicking a button in this banner, you consent to our use of these technologies. To opt out of third-party marketing, advertising and tracking technologies, please select “Your Privacy Choices” below.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Notice
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
New Relic Now+
New Relic’s most transformative platform update yet with 20+ product launches.
Watch the event on-demand now.
New Relic, Inc.
General Data Privacy Notice
Last updated February 28, 2025*
Welcome to New Relic! New Relic's full-stack data analysis platform enables businesses to have a clearer view of what’s happening in their software.
Want to learn how New Relic processes data when you use or interact with our Services?  See our
Services Data Privacy Notice
.
For California Residents, please see our
California Privacy Notice
.
Interested in applying for a job at New Relic?  See our
Applicant Privacy Policy
to understand how New Relic uses the information you provide when you apply.
For California Residents, please see our
California Applicant Privacy Notice
.
This New Relic General Data Privacy Notice (“General Privacy Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, share and use Personal Data about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. We are committed to protecting your information and being transparent about the information we collect about you and how we use it.
We recommend that you read this General Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are informed. If you have any questions about this General Privacy Notice please see
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
. If there’s a particular section you’re interested in reviewing, click on a link below to jump to that spot.
1.
Definitions
2.
Who We Are
3.
The Information We Collect About You
4.
How We Use Your Personal Data
5.
How We Share Your Personal Data
6.
Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
7.
How Long We Hold Your Personal Data
8.
International Data Transfers
9.
Your Choices and Data Protection Rights
10.
Do Not Track and Global Privacy Control
11.
Advertising
12.
Third Party Websites and Social Media Widgets
13.
AI Chatbot
14.
Security of Your Personal Data
15.
Children
16.
Changes to this General Privacy Notice
17.
How to Contact Us
1. Definitions
“Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, including, for example, your name, phone number, post code or zip code, Device ID, IP address and email address.  Further information about the Personal Data that we collect, where we collect it from, and how we use it is set out below.
“Sites” means the websites that display or link to this General Privacy Notice, such as
www.newrelic.com
,
status.newrelic.com
,
learn.newrelic.com
,
discuss.newrelic.com
,
www.newrelic.jp
,
www.newrelic.de
,
codestream.com
,
pixielabs.ai
,
relibirds.newrelic-es.com
and any related New Relic website operated by New Relic.
Undefined terms used in this General Privacy Notice have the same definition as in our
Terms of Service
.
2. Who We Are
New Relic, Inc. makes monitoring services and tools available via several platforms, including pixielabs.ai, newrelic.com, and codestream.com.  When you create an account with us via one of our platforms, your information is controlled by New Relic, Inc.
New Relic, Inc. is a Delaware corporation headquartered at 188 Spear Street, Suite 1200, San Francisco, CA 94105. New Relic, Inc. has offices, subsidiaries and affiliated companies all around the world (collectively “New Relic”, “we”, “us”, “our”, and “ours”).
For more information about New Relic, please see the
“About Us”
section of our Sites.
3. The Information We Collect About You
New Relic collects Personal Data about you both offline and online. Offline information about you originates from our interactions with you, for example, during in-person meetings or at New Relic events, conferences, or workshops. Online information originates from your activities on our Sites and third party sources.
The Personal Data we may collect includes information such as your name, mailing or billing address, credit card information, username, GitHub ID, email address, company name, IP or MAC address.  We collect this information so we know who you are for various reasons, including to communicate with you, bill you correctly, and to enable you to log-in to and use New Relic Sites and New Relic Separate Platforms.
For more information on the types of Personal Data we collect and how we may receive it, click on “Read more”.
Read more
We may collect offline or online data, such as contact and financial information,  from you directly, automatically, or from third parties, such as data aggregators, that may not have a relationship with you.
a. Personal Data Categories
Personal Data category
Examples of Personal Data included
Contact information
Your name, job title, company name, mailing address, phone number, email address, username, password. Please note that if you are participating in a New Relic online game, e.g., Relibirds, or in any online forum, e.g., New Relic Explorers Hub, you will be prompted to enter a unique username or alias. As this will be publicly visible, New Relic recommends using an alias here instead of your own name/surname.
Financial & billing information
Your billing name and address, credit card number, bank account information
Event visitor information
Your name, title, company name, mailing address, country, phone number, email address
Community profile information
Username, photo and/or biographical information, such as your occupation, social media profiles, profile on Stack Overflow, Github ID, company name, areas of expertise, custom profiles
Office visitor information
Your name, email address, phone number, photograph, company name, time and date of arrival
Pictures, videos, & audio recordings
Images of you captured during a New Relic event or promotion in photos or videos and/or recordings of you made during a research or a promotional session or event with your consent
Device & geographic information
IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), user ID, and other technical information
Information about how your device has interacted with our Sites, including the pages accessed and links clicked
b. Personal Data we collect directly from you includes contact, financial and billing, event visitor, community profile, and office visitor information, as well as pictures, videos and audio recordings, and data we collect automatically, which includes device and geographic information.
Personal Data category
Examples of how it may be collected by New Relic directly
Collected automatically
Contact information
If you
express an interest in obtaining additional information about our Services
request customer support
use our "Contact Us" or similar features
register to use our Sites and other New Relic platforms, such as pixielabs.ai, sign up for or attend an event, webinar or contest
download certain content, such as whitepapers from our Sites or third-party sites
participate in a New Relic research study or promotion
initiate a chat via the New Relic AI chatbot feature on our Site
No
Financial & billing information
If you
make purchases via our Sites
register for an event or webinar
No
Event visitor information
If you
attend an event
No
Community profile information
We may collect this data in a variety of contexts.
If you
attend a New Relic promotion or event, your image may be captured in a photo or video
participate in a New Relic research study your research session may be recorded with your consent.
No
Web traffic information
If you
visit our Sites
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further in the
New Relic Cookie Policy
.
Yes
If you provide to us or to our service providers any Personal Data relating to other individuals or third parties (such as your beneficiaries, references for job candidates, or referrals for the purposes of collaboration within the New Relic platform), you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the Personal Data in accordance with this General Privacy Notice. If you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see
Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights)
.
If you are that beneficiary or any other third party whose Personal Data was provided to New Relic on your behalf and with your consent, and you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see
Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights)
.
c.
We may collect the following types of Personal Data about you from third parties
that supply us with Personal Data in order to help us establish an account, target our marketing, or fulfill orders in partnership with our resellers.
Our third party company relationships help us to update, expand, and analyze our Personal Data records, identify new customers, optimize our Sites and Services, create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you, and manage open source projects.
Personal Data that we collect from third party sources include:
Example Categories of Personal Data
Third party source
Contact information
Intent data (or user behavior data)
Device and geographic information
Community profile information
Providers of business contact information
Resellers, referral and joint marketing partners, distributors, managed service providers, IAAS or PAAS partners, cloud providers, and other technical alliances
Details about a potential customers’ software environment
Resellers, referral and joint marketing partners, distributors, managed service providers, IAAS or PAAS partners, cloud providers, and other technical alliances
User account information
Vendors
User account information
Code repository platforms, such as GitHub
Contact information
Companies that host an event or sponsor an event
We have checked that these third parties have an appropriate legal basis to provide us this Personal Data, such as your consent, a legitimate business interest, or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your Personal Data.
4. How We Use Your Personal Data
In general, Personal Data we collect from you or about you from third parties is used for business and commercial purposes, for example to provide and maintain our Sites, Services, and New Relic Separate Platforms. Additionally, collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Sites, where they come from, and what content on our Sites is of interest to them.
Read more
New Relic uses your Personal Data for the following purposes:
a.
to create & maintain a trusted environment for our Services and Sites,
including in order to
manage the security of our Sites, physical locations, networks, and systems
operate, administer, analyze, develop, improve and optimize the use, function and performance of our Sites, Services, New Relic Separate Platforms and systems
comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business
to manage code check-ins and pull requests for open source and community development projects
b.
to provide our Services and perform our contract with you as our customer
including to
engage in transactions with customers, suppliers and business partners and to process orders for New Relic Services
to provide New Relic Services, New Relic Separate Platforms, survey tools, payment processing services, or the certificate creation tool for New Relic University
c.
to communicate and respond to your requests and inquiries to New Relic, including to
conduct research you agree to participate in or reach out to you to discuss any feedback you may submit, through meetings, surveys, or other tools
respond to your queries and provide you with information and promotional material on New Relic when you initiate a webchat
d.
to market our Services or related products and services to new and existing customers, including
tailor our marketing and sales activities to your company’s interests and in accordance with your communication preferences and your requests for information and to be contacted by New Relic
tailor the purchase of Services
for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content and event promotion
to link or combine information about you with other Personal Data we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better and more personalized service
by creating anonymous data records from Personal Data in accordance with applicable law.
5. How We Share Your Personal Data
Except as provided in this General Privacy Notice, we do not, and will not, sell Personal Data.
Generally, we may disclose your Personal Data for our business purposes, such as to our service providers, partners or competent law enforcement bodies.
Read More
New Relic may disclose your Personal to
a.
Third party service providers.
We engage with third parties to  support our business and operations.  For example some third party service providers offer services that we use to provide the Services, Sites, and New Relic Separate Platforms, such as cloud providers. New Relic remains liable for any onward transfers to third parties.
b.
Event sponsors and hosts.
If you elect to do so, we may share Personal Data collected at New Relic events, such as FutureStack or New Relic’s seminars, with sponsors and hosts of such events, for valuable consideration from such sponsor or host to New Relic. Such sponsor or host may use it for their business or commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy notices.
c.
Business partners.
We contract with business partners, such as third party resellers, for our commercial purposes. For instance, if you fill out a form on our Sites, such as by signing up for a free New Relic account, ebook or webinar, or if you reach out to our Sales team, you may be contacted by a designated New Relic partner.
d.
Comply with our legal obligations.
Where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person, we may disclose your Personal Data in response to lawful requests by a public authority, including any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
e.
New Relic entities.
We may share your Personal Data within New Relic, such as with or between subsidiaries of New Relic, Inc.  We and our subsidiaries will only use the information as described in this notice.
f.
Actual or potential buyers.
In connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer (and its agents and advisors) it must use your Personal Data only for the purposes disclosed in this General Privacy Notice.
g.
Other person(s).
Where you provide consent to the disclosure or as allowed by applicable data protection law, we may share your information as described at the time of consent.
6. Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
When we use your Personal Data, we take care to ensure that it is used in an appropriate way. Our use of Personal Data is done under one of various legal bases, including for our legitimate interest, in performance of a contract or with your consent.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, please see
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
.
Read More
We will process your Personal Data and share that Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice where:
Its use is necessary
for a contract
you have entered into or because you have asked for something to be done so you can enter into a contract with us
Its use is necessary because of a
legal obligation
that applies to us (except an obligation imposed by a contract). This may include responding to subpoenas, warrants or other requests served on New Relic anywhere in the world or to protect or defend the rights or property of New Relic or its users
You have consented
to its use in a specific way. For example where you have consented to receiving marketing materials. You may withdraw your consent at any time as further described in
Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights
Its use is in accordance with
our legitimate interests
e.g. to manage our business, subject to those interests not overriding your fundamental rights and freedoms. This may include the activities and purposes described in
Section 4 (How We Use Your Personal Data)
and
Section 5 (How We Share Your Personal Data)
.
7. How Long We Hold Your Personal Data
We retain Personal Data we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). This may also include situations where litigation is pending or ongoing and such information is subject to a legal hold.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.  Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it at any time in the manner indicated when you consent.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the retention of your Personal Data, please see
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
.
8. International Data Transfers
When you use our Services or Sites, your Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries where we or our service providers operate. These may be countries other than the country in which you are located These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country.
Read more
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom (UK) your Personal Data will be accessed by New Relic staff or suppliers, transferred, and/or stored outside the EEA, Switzerland and/or the UK.
We take appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected in accordance with this General Data Privacy Notice and as required by applicable data protection law, including: (i) requiring that our third-party service providers and partners employ an adequate method of transfer, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (further details of which can be provided upon request). Additionally, New Relic (including its covered entity Codestream) complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  New Relic (including its covered entity Codestream) has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  New Relic has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. New Relic is subject to the investigation and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.  In compliance with the EU- U.S. DPF (and the UK Extension to the EU- U.S. DPF) and the Swiss- U.S. DPF, New Relic commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data.  Individuals from the EU, Switzerland and the UK with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact New Relic as set out at Section 9 (c) of this Privacy Notice:
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, New Relic commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-data-privacy-framework for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Additionally,you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Arbitration Panel under certain circumstances. To find out more about the Data Privacy Framework’s binding arbitration scheme, see
Annex 1 of the EU- U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
.
9. Your Choices and Data Protection Rights
New Relic takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and up to date. We offer certain data protection options to all individuals, including the ability to opt out of receiving marketing communications, to amend your Personal Data contained in your account, and to request we delete your account information.
For more information on the rights and options you have, including jurisdiction-specific rights, please click Read More.
Read More
a. When it comes to
your marketing choices,
we offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data. We will periodically send you newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our Sites or the purchase of our Services (marketing and/or sales communications) as the following applies : (i) in accordance with your marketing preferences, (ii) if you sign up for a New Relic account or other content, (iii) request to be contacted by New Relic and/or if you request information from New Relic.
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by clicking (1) the 'unsubscribe' or ‘opt out’ link at the bottom of the marketing emails you receive, (2) adjusting your email preferences provided
here
, or (3) by sending an email to Privacy@newrelic.com. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. Your email preferences only affect marketing communications. You will not be able to opt out of service related emails from us, such as, e.g., transactional emails, or notices of updates to our Terms of Service, Services Privacy Notice, or this General Privacy Notice.
Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we will retain a record of your preference (including retaining your email address) and we may share your email address with third parties solely for the purpose of ensuring that you do not receive further marketing communications related to our Services from third parties.
b. We apply certain
data protection rights to all individuals (including individuals covered by the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF)
, regardless of location.  Specifically, you may correct or update Personal Data contained in your account by editing your profile within the registration portion of our Sites or sending an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. You may also request we delete your account information by completing this
form
, if you have an account, or by sending an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. If you would like to remove your Personal Data from a Site testimonial or our blog you can send an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. If you have participated in an online game, e.g. Relibirds or in any online New Relic forum, e.g. New Relic Explorers hub and would like to have your Personal Data deleted, please send an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com and specify which game and/or forum you participated in; this will enable us to identify your Personal Data and fulfill your request. Please note that if you engage in messaging other users of a public forum, another user may request deletion of the message(s) which means that they will no longer be available for any user to view.
When you reach out to us, we will endeavor to respond without delay in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may need to ask you additional clarifying questions in order to accurately respond to your request and to verify you are making the request in respect of your own Personal Data.
With respect to deletion requests, we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep Personal Data and not remove it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). We will let you know if we are unable to comply with this request and the reasons why.
c. EEA & the United Kingdom
In addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above, persons located in the EEA or the United Kingdom have some additional data protection rights under EEA and UK data protection laws.
These rights include the right to find out if we use your Personal Data, or to access your Personal Data.
Also, you can object to the processing of Personal Data we process on the basis of our legitimate business interests, ask us to restrict processing, or request portability of your Personal Data.
Where we have collected and processed your Personal Data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data.  For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
If you are an EEA or UK individual  (including any individual covered by the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF) and have a New Relic account, you can exercise your access right by completing this
form
. If you do not have a New Relic account, and want to exercise your access right or any of the other rights outlined in this Section and would like to make any of these requests, please submit your request to Privacy@newrelic.com.
d. Privacy Rights under U.S. Privacy Laws
Certain U.S. states have enacted consumer privacy laws. If a U.S. state’s privacy law applies to you, and you have any questions about New Relic’s privacy practices, you can contact us as described in
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
. Additionally, if you wish to submit a complaint to your state Attorney General (where applicable), you may find the relevant information on how to do so
here
.
California
New Relic provides services to businesses and complies with the applicable provisions of the California Consumer Privacy Act. If you are a California resident, please see our
California Privacy Notice
.
Nevada
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to submit a request that we do not sell to third parties certain types of personal information that we have collected or will collect about you. You can exercise this right by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal information as the term “sale” is defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
Virginia
If you are a Virginia resident, you have some additional data protection rights. under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Data.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Virginia Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Colorado
If you are a Colorado resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Colorado Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General by following the instructions as described above.
Connecticut
If you are a Connecticut resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of  your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions.  You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Connecticut Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Utah
If you are a Utah resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act in addition to the right to delete Personal Data outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising and the sale of Personal Data. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Utah Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Utah Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
Oregon
If you are an Oregon resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data (including any derived data) as outlined above. Where we have collected and processed your Personal Data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent. The withdrawal of consent may mean however that certain services are no longer available to you.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process, or processed, your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to know what third parties we have disclosed your Personal Data to. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Oregon Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so.  In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Texas
If you are a Texas resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Texas Data Privacy & Security Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Texas Data Privacy & Security Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Texas Data Privacy & Security Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Texas Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Delaware
If you are a Delaware resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Delaware Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorised access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
Iowa
If you are an Iowa resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising and the sale of Personal Data. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Iowa Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
Montana
If you are a Montana resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Montana Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
New Hampshire
If you are a New Hampshire resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. Please note that access may be denied if access would also involve the disclosure of confidential company information, e.g. a trade secret. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “New Hampshire Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
Nebraska
If you are a Nebraska resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Nebraska Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Nebraska Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Nebraska Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Nebraska Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
New Jersey
If you are a New Jersey resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the New Jersey Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the New Jersey Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the New Jersey Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “New Jersey Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
e. Australia Supplemental Data Protection Law Disclosures. New Relic will process Personal Data under this General Data Privacy Notice in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are
an Australian resident
and you are dissatisfied with our handling of a data subject right request or a complaint, you can always contact us at Privacy@newrelic.com. If you disagree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“OAIC”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on their website http://www.oaic.gov.au.
10. Do Not Track and Global Privacy Control
New Relic does not currently commit to responding to browser’s “do not track” or “DNT” preference across its Sites and Services, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent.  New Relic takes privacy and choices regarding privacy seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor the development around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard for DNT.  Global Privacy Control is a browser setting that allows you to notify websites you visit about your privacy preferences. New Relic honors website visitors’ Global Privacy Control signals.
11. Advertising
We may partner with third party ad networks either to display advertising on our Sites or to manage our advertising on other sites.  Our ad network partner may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our Sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks and about your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative,
here
, and the Digital Advertising Alliance,
here
. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising click
here
(or, if located in the EU, click
here
).
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.  You will continue to receive generic ads.
12. Third Party Websites and Social Media Widgets
This General Privacy Notice applies to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect as described herein.
Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site. During this process, a third party may collect Personal Data from you.
We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this General Privacy Notice do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on a link to a third party. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
Our Sites also include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the “Share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites.  Your interactions with these features are also governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
13. AI Chatbot
New Relic offers a third-party AI chatbot feature on our Site to enable us and our visitors conduct a live chat and/or so New Relic can provide the visitor with information upon request. We use cookies and your IP address to provide the service and to collect information about visitors' behavior on our Site. A chat session may be monitored, recorded or shared with the third party.
14. Security of Your Personal Data
New Relic is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For instance, when you enter your credit card number on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). All account accesses require users to provide their username and password. It is the responsibility of each user to maintain this information in a secure manner. Despite these measures, you should know that New Relic cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data and mistakes and security breaches may happen. If you have any questions about security on our Sites, you can contact us as described in
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
.
15. Children
Our Sites are not directed to children and we do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 18. If you learn that anyone younger than 18 has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us as described in
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
, and we will take steps to delete such information.
16. Changes to this Privacy Notice
This General Privacy Notice may be changed from time to time, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.  You can see when this General Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this General Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Notice.  It describes the categories of personal information that we have collected, disclosed for a business or commercial purpose and sold over the preceding twelve (12) months.
17. How to Contact Us
New Relic has a Data Protection Officer and has nominated both local and global Data Protection Officers. If you have questions about how your Personal Data is collected, stored, shared or used, or if you wish to exercise any of your data rights, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in an alternative format, please contact our Data Protection Officers at:
By email: privacy@newrelic.com
By mail: Attn: Legal Data Subject Request
New Relic, Inc.
188 Spear Street
Suite 1000
San Francisco, CA 94105
New Relic appointed New Relic International Limited as its EU data protection representative, and the Irish Data Protection Commissioner is New Relic supervisory authority. You can contact New Relic EU Representative by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic EU Representative.
New Relic appointed New Relic UK Limited as its UK data protection representative, and the Information Commissioner’s Office is New Relic supervisory authority in the United Kingdom. You can contact New Relic UK Representative at:
Strand Bridge House
138-142 The Strand
London, England WC2R 1HL
Or by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic UK Representative.
For any complaints regarding our compliance with our privacy and security practices including complaints under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, please contact New Relic first. New Relic will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding our privacy practices.
The data controller of your Personal Data for all countries that New Relic does business is New Relic, Inc., unless you have contracted directly with New Relic, K.K. in Japan, in which case New Relic, K.K. is the data controller.
*Updated on February 28, 2025 with additional information on uses and disclosures on Personal Data.
Prior Versions
October 7, 2024
Aug 23, 2024
July 1, 2024
December 20, 2023
Sub-policy 10
https://fitanalytics.com/privacy-policy:
Fit Finder
A Trusted Partner
Innovative Technology
About Us
Let’s Talk
Corporate Privacy Notice
Information We Share
About us
Information We Collect
How We Use Information
How We Share Information
How Long We Retain Information
Cookies
Additional Information and Contact Details
About us
Fit Analytics Innovation GmbH
Updated: December 29, 2023
Welcome to Fit Analytics Innovation GmbH! We are a German software company based in Berlin supporting partners across the globe to deliver sizing and style recommendations and advertising improvements to millions of shoppers worldwide by using the power of machine learning.
Fit Analytics Innovation GmbH (which we refer to as “Fit Analytics”, “us”, “we” or “our”), located at Rosenthaler Straße 36, 10178 Berlin, is the operator of the Fit Analytics corporate website https://www.fitanalytics.com (which we refer to as “our website”).
This corporate privacy notice explains how your personal data is processed when you visit our website and in connection with our corporate marketing activities.
It does not apply to the use of our size, fit, and style solutions (such as Fit Finder or Product Suggestions) as a consumer.
Information We Collect
When you use our website or get in contact with us by using our contact form, we may collect the following categories of personal data:
1. Website Information
When you visit our website, our systems may collect technical information about your device and browser, such as:
IP address of the requesting computer (shortened/hashed);
Date and time of access;
Name and URL of retrieved file;
Website from which the access originated;
Operating system of your computer and your browser;
Name of your Internet access provider
Browser type and -version,
Operating system,
Referrer URL (previously visited page),
Host name of the accessing computer, and
Time of server request
Additional information may also be collected about how you use our website (for example which pages you browse and what content you interact with). This information is stored against numeric identifiers (e.g. cookie ids or hashed IP address) which does not directly identify you. Where required by law, we seek permission to store/access non-essential cookies and other data on your device - see Cookies below for more information.
2. Marketing Information
When you or your company completes one of our contact forms on our website, social media or other partner platforms (e.g. LinkedIn), respond to our adverts or interact with us at corporate marketing events, we may collect information about you:
Personal identification and employment information (first name, last name, job title, country, company, phone number, work email, website)
Correspondence message / communication
3. Product Admin and Support Tools
Contact Name, Contact Email Address, Contact Title, Contact Phone Number, Client Platform (Shopify, PrestaShop, etc.)
Client support information (Nature and description of the issue the client is facing, Previous issues reported, resolutions, and resolution metrics)
Analytics (Information about interactions with our product admin tools, including mouse movements, records of products or services purchased)
How We Use Information
We use the personal information collected to:
Provide our website and product admin tools
Support and respond to client queries and manage our potential and existing customer relationships
Understand how the website and product admin tools perform and how you interact them, to maintain and improve these services
To target advertising based on your and others use of our website and product admin tools
How We Share Information
The following table outlines the categories of service providers that are used by Fit Analytics:
Service Provider Category
What do we use them for?
Cloud Providers
Cloud Computing Data hosting
Analytics
Web analytics Data hosting
Social Media platforms
Web analytics Advertising Social plug-in Prospecting Potential Clients Customer relationships
CRM software providers
Prospecting Potential Clients Managing customer relationships
Support software providers
Service and Sales
We may also share personal data for business/asset acquisition/disposal, legal, safety, and security reasons. This will only take place if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.
How Long We Retain Information
We will retain information about you as follows:
Website information
- We may keep website information for as long as we need it for the purposes set out in this privacy notice. We hash IP addresses promptly and your information collected in association with cookies will be anonymised when the cookie expires or is deleted.
Marketing information
- We may keep any contact information you or your company provides us for as long as we believe you represent a client or prospective client, unless you ask us to delete it soon in accordance with your privacy rights.
Product admin and service tools
- We may keep your account information for as long as your company informs us that you require it. The analysis and service query information we collect when you use our admin and support tools may be retained for as long as needed for our record keeping and product improvement purposes.
Cookies
Cookies simplify a variety of processes, one of which is to make your visit to the website easier, more pleasant, and more meaningful. Cookies are alphanumeric information files that are automatically stored by your browser on the hard drive of your computer when visiting our internet page or our blog. If you would like to opt out of the cookies we use on any of our websites you may do so by changing your preferences here or by blocking, deleting, or disabling them as your browser or device permits.
Cookies will neither damage your computer's hard drive nor forward personal data to us when enabling them. For example, we will use cookies to be able to identify you as a customer without making it necessary for you to log in again.
For purposes of need-based design and continuous optimization of our pages, we collect and use two types of cookies: essential and analytics cookies. You can choose which kind of cookies you want to accept on your device upon entering our website for the first time, and you are free to change your cookie settings at any time.
Essential cookies are needed for you to browse the website and use its features, so they can not be turned off. These cookies are set out based on our legitimate interest (Art. 6 I lit. (f) GDPR) to own and run a fully functional website. On the other hand, analytics cookies are optional cookies. They are needed to continuously improve our services. These cookies are provided by web analysis services ("Google Analytics" and "Hubspot"). If you consent to these cookies, they are placed on your device based on this consent (Art. 6 I lit. (a) GDPR).
You may prevent installation of all cookies by making the corresponding settings in the browser software; however, we expressly point out that this will prevent comprehensive use of all functions of this website. Alternatively, you can use the cookie consent banner on our website to choose whether to consent to use of optional cookies. You may also choose not to allow Google Analytics cookies on our and others websites by installing the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
.
The following cookies are used on our website and blog:
Website
NAME
PROVIDER
/Domain
PURPOSE
DURATION
ESSENTIAL
_cfuid
Cloudflare
cloudflare.com
Server Protection, Intrusion Detection and Performance Optimization
1 month
PREFERENCE
_gid
Google
Google.com
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics, and it is used to store information of how visitors use a website
1 day
cookieconsent_status
framer.com
Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box
1 year
viewed_cookie_policy
blog: used to store whether or not a user has consented to the use of cookies
1 hour
PERFORMANCE
_ga_NYDYW77JRP
Google
Google.com
This cookie is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the collection of data on high traffic sites.
1 year
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
blog: store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance"
1 1 months
MARKETING
IDE
Google
Google.com
Show Google ads on non-Google sites.
13 months in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK and 24 months everywhere else
hubspotutk
hubspot
hubspot.com
This cookie keeps track of a visitor's identity. It is passed to HubSpot on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts.
13 months
_hssrc
hubspot
hubspot.com
Whenever HubSpot changes the session cookie, this cookie is also set to determine if the visitor has restarted their browser.
End of session
_hstc
hubspot
hubspot.com
These cookies are used to store information about how visitors use the site and to gather requests from the forms on the website.
13 months
_hssc
hubspot
hubspot.com
These cookies are used to store information about sessions of visitors in the site.
30 minutes
_fbp
Framer
Advertising services such as real-time bidding from third party advertisers
3 months
_gcl_au
Google Adsense
Used by Google Ad Sense for advertisement efficiency across websites using their services
3 months
Fit Analytics (FitA) Blog
Our Blog is one way to keep you updated about the latest developments in the market, our contribution or our technology. To create the Blog we are using
Framer
. In addition to cookies set on our website, additional cookies may be placed by WordPress. Please refer to
Framer's privacy notice
in this regard.
Additional Information and Contact Details
1. Data Transfer
We may collect your personal information from, transfer it to and store and process it in the United States and other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information outside of where you live, when we are legally required to do so, we make sure an adequate transfer mechanism is in place (for example, the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses).
2. Lawful basis of processing (Users in the European Union​, United Kingdom, Brazil and countries with similar laws)
As a user in the European Union or the United Kingdom we are only allowed to use your personal data on the basis of the legal framework set by GDPR,  the UK GDPR and the LGPD. Fit Analytics typically relies on one or more of the following bases for this:
Contract:
We are using your information because you, or a company you represent, contacted us about entering, or entered, into an agreement with us.
Consent:
In some cases we’ll ask for consent to use your information for specific purposes (e.g. direct marketing).
Legal obligation:
We might be required by law to use your information to comply with legal obligations, for example when we need to respond to valid legal requests.
Legitimate Interest:
We are using some information collected on our website and product analytics tools to target marketing on partner websites and social media platforms. You can control this use via your cookie and tracking settings on our and their websites and platforms.:
3. Marketing Opt-out
At any time, you can opt-out of receiving offerings-related, promotions-related and inquiry response-related messages from Fit Analytics by using the unsubscribe options in the communication or by contacting us at using the details in the Contact section. Please note that it may take a little time for all of our systems to register your opt-out request and you may still receive marketing communications during this time.
4. Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
5. Children
Please note that our website and blog are not intended for users under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under this age.
6. Privacy Rights
Privacy laws around the world, including in the UK, EU, and California, give users the right to control the handling of your personal information. These may include:
Information.
The right to be told how your personal information is being used
Access.
The right to receive a copy of your personal information
Correction.
The right to correct inaccurate personal information we hold about you.
Deletion.
The right to have your personal information deleted.
Object.
The right to object to use of your personal information, including for direct marketing.
Non-discrimination.
We will not hold it against you when you exercise your rights.
For more information or to contact us if you have questions or wish to exercise your rights, please contact us via the details in the Contact section.
7. Contact
For any questions about this Privacy Policy or your privacy rights please contact Fit Analytics using the information below:
Data Protection Officer
Fit Analytics Innovation GmbH
Rosenthaler Strasse 36, 10178 Berlin, Germany
privacy@fitanalytics.com
Discover a New World of
E-Commerce Technology
Get in touch to learn how Fit Analytics can support your business needs with size and personalization technologies.
Let’s Talk
Our Solutions
Fit Finder
A Trusted Partner
Partners
Case Studies
Resources
Innovative Technology
Our Technologies
How to Integrate
About Us
Who We Are
Blog
Press
Privacy
Imprint
Cookie Settings
© 2024 Fit Analytics
Sub-policy 11
https://legal.trustpilot.com/for-reviewers/end-user-privacy-terms:
Looks like you’re in Ireland.
Go to the Irish Trustpilot site
For Reviewers
Guidelines for Reviewers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use for Consumers
Guidelines for Business
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
Data Processing Agreement
Subprocessors
U.S. Privacy Laws Supplement
HIPAA Business Associate Addendum
Privacy Policy
Content Refresh Guidelines
Legal Brand Guidelines
SEO requirements for partners
Code of Ethics
Action We Take
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy
Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy
Modern Slavery Code of Conduct
Copyright Dispute Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
March 2025
March 2025
December 2024
November 2024
January 2023
April 2022
December 2021
September 2020
July 2020
March 2020
Version 14.0, effective 11 March 2025
We value your privacy. With this policy, we set out your privacy rights and how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your personal data.
Terms we use in this policy
When we say “Trustpilot”, “we”, “our”, or “us”, we mean Trustpilot A/S, Pilestraede 58, 5th floor, DK-1112 Copenhagen K, which is the entity responsible for processing your personal data.
When we say “website”, “platform” or “service”, we mean all of Trustpilot’s websites, applications and other services.
When we say “public personal data”, we mean personal data published on our website which anyone on the internet and allowed on our site can access, and when we say “private personal data” we mean personal data we don’t publish on our website.
Third-party websites
Our platform contains links to other websites, but that doesn’t mean we endorse those websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies for these third-party websites because their procedures for collecting, handling and processing personal data might be different to ours.
When you write a review, the review and your Trustpilot profile will be visible to anyone who visits our platform. When someone clicks on your profile, they can see your country location and all the reviews you’ve written, including the locations and products you’ve reviewed, and any photos or videos submitted with your reviews. Similarly, if you’re a business user and reply to a review about your company, this will also be visible on our platform. We consider all of this information to be public personal data. You can share as much or as little personal information as you want when creating your Trustpilot profile and username.
Personal data is any information that relates to an identifiable individual. When you create a Trustpilot user account, write a review, create a business account on behalf of your company, or otherwise use our platform or services, we may collect and process personal data about you. Please see the “Who may access your personal data?” section for more information about who can access it.
We ask you not to share any sensitive personal documents or personal data with us, such as information revealing ethnic origin, religious beliefs, or health information, of yourself or others.
We may collect the following public and private personal data:
User account information
: Your username, photo, country location.
Information about reviews and ratings,
including
:
Which business you reviewed.
Which product you reviewed.
The date you wrote your review.
Whether you wrote a service review, a location review, or a product review.
Your review content and star rating.
Your product photos or videos (if you provide them together with your product review).
The location of the business you reviewed.
The date of your experience with the business you wrote the review about.
Information about finding reviews “useful”
: how many people find your review “useful”, and if you click “useful” on someone else’s review.
Social networks:
You can connect your Trustpilot profile with your social media profiles, for example, Facebook (“social network”). When you do this, we automatically collect selected information about you from your social network, depending on what information you have made available on that social network and your privacy settings for sharing such information on that social network. We may collect the following information:
Name and/or username.
Profile photo.
Before your request to connect your Trustpilot profile with a social network profile is carried out, you’ll be told which information we will collect from that social network. You can disconnect your social network profile from your Trustpilot profile via your Trustpilot account at any time. Trustpilot will then remove your social network unique ID, and disconnect/revoke Trustpilot from your social network. However, your social network profile picture will remain on your Trustpilot profile unless you change it and we will retain your name and email address.
If you are a Trustpilot business account holder, we may also collect the following public personal data:
Business account information:
Your company name and domain, and certain other information you choose to add to your business profile, such as details about the type of services your company offers, your company address, and country.
Replies to reviews from your business account:
Your name, company details, the information you state in the reply to a review, the date you wrote your reply.
User account information
: Your password and your preferred language.
Contact information:
Your name and email address or any other contact details you may provide to us from time to time, whether provided directly to Trustpilot or from social networks.
Information about reviews and ratings, including:
The dates you wrote your review, made any edits, or deleted the review.
Your reference number, order ID or similar (if you or the business provided one). If we ask you to provide information or documentation to verify your experience, and you send us such documentation, we will collect and process the documentation for the purpose(s) stated in the request.
Device and location information:
Your IP address, browser settings (the type of browser you use, browser language, time zone), and location.
Usage and profiling information:
Your Trustpilot search history, how you've interacted with our platform, or emails we send to you, including time you spend on our site, features or functions you’ve accessed, metadata and event data, marketing emails you’ve opened and links you’ve clicked.
Information about views:
How many people read your review.
Your verification data:
Data provided during the
verification process for consumers
:
Your first and last name.
Images of the documents you submitted.
Number and date of expiry of the documents you submitted.
Information about questions you asked on a business’s website:
Which business you asked a question.
The product you asked the question about.
The content of the question.
The date you asked the question.
The business’s response to the question.
Data provided in response to a request for information by a business:
Businesses can ask reviewers about them and their experiences, including via our “Request Information” tool. If you choose to respond, we will share any information you provide with the business, including but not limited to your full name, phone number, email address, and reference ID.
Preferences information:
Selected preferences associated with your account, including specific consents you have given or declined, newsletters or similar email preferences and cookies containing your preferences.
Communication information:
Includes communications we receive from you such as review notifications, feedback, help requests and queries via email, and other electronic communication methods, as well as metadata associated with those communications, such as time and date.
Call recordings
: All inbound and outbound telephone or video calls made to or by Trustpilot may be recorded for training, quality control and compliance purposes. Personal data (for example, name and contact details) revealed during a telephone call will be digitally recorded to deliver appropriate services.
Chrome extension
: If you download our Chrome extension, we may collect the following information:
A session ID allocated to you, which we may be able to link to your Trustpilot account if you have one.
Data relating to your use of the Chrome extension, such as page URLs where you have interacted with the Chrome extension, and your Chrome extension preferences and settings, such as how you choose to display the Chrome extension on your browser.
Browser and device information, such as details about your language settings, browser version, timezone, and screen resolution.
If the session ID links to your account, we may associate data relating to your use of the Chrome extension and browser and device information to you.
If you are a Trustpilot business account holder, we may also collect the following private personal data:
Business account information
: Your password.
Information about reports and replies to reviews from your business account:
Your name, company details, which review you reported, the reason for the report, the date of the report. Some of this information may be aggregated and displayed on your business’ Trustpilot page.
Your verification data:
Data provided when
confirming details about your business
, such as:
Your name.
Your email address.
Images of the documents you submitted.
Number and date of expiry of the documents you submitted.
The personal data that we process is primarily collected directly from you when you provide your details to create an account with us, or your usage and profiling information, meaning your interaction with our platform, services or marketing emails, such as by leaving reviews or posting replies to reviews.
Sometimes we're given information about you from third parties. For example, when you sign up for a Trustpilot account via Facebook, your account is automatically pre-filled with the information we receive from them. Similarly, when a business asks us to send a review invitation to you on their behalf, they give us your name, email address and a reference number, such as an order ID or similar. And we may receive information from third parties for the purposes of fraud and investigation.
We also generate or collect information from your computer or device automatically as you use our services — like your IP address, your location, information about the device and browser you're using to access Trustpilot, or your usage and profiling information, such as your interaction with our platform or marketing emails, or use of our other services.
A data controller decides how and why your personal data is used and is responsible for ensuring it is handled properly. A data processor acts on a data controller’s instructions to process your data. These definitions come from the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679).
If you've been sent an invitation to write a review about a business that uses our services (either by us or them directly), or have provided information to a business via the “Request Information” tool, the business will be the data controller in respect of that data and Trustpilot will be the data processor. If you have any questions, or wish to exercise your rights with respect to personal data used to send review invitations to you, you should contact the relevant business or businesses directly, as they are responsible as data controllers.
In respect of all other personal data associated with our platform, such as information you provide when you create an account, leave a review, or submit a reply, Trustpilot A/S, is the data controller. Depending on which of our services our business customers use, they may also be data controllers of your data, such as the reviews you write, your username, and your date of experience.
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
Provide our services to you, including displaying your reviews and giving you access to your user account and our platform, or providing you with access to your company’s business account and our website.
Identify you as a registered user when you log into our platform and revisit our platform.
Improve our platform and services and develop product features.
Respond to your questions and provide customer service.
Send you our newsletters.
Personalise your experience on our platform, for example, to tailor content and recommendations based on your interactions with our services.
Engage in various internal business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud detection and content moderation, developing new products and services, improving or modifying our platform and our services, including our TrustBoxes, identifying usage trends and insights, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
Train our staff and for quality control purposes, helping us improve the quality of our services.
Exercise or comply with our own legal rights or obligations in connection with legal claims, or for compliance, regulatory and auditing purposes, where necessary. For example, we may retain information where we are required by law, or if we are compelled to do so by a court order or regulatory body.
If you have a Trustpilot user account, we may also use your personal data to:
Invite you to leave a review of Trustpilot.
Pass on a message from the business you reviewed or the business that invited you to review a service experience or a product via our platform.
Contact you if we’ve identified that your review might breach our
Guidelines
and, if necessary, ask you to provide documentation to verify your review or experience.
Contact you to tell you how many times your review was read and whether other users find your review useful, or otherwise provide feedback concerning your user account or your review.
Enforce our
Terms of Use for Consumers
.
If you have a business account on behalf of your company on Trustpilot, we’ll also use your personal data to:
Notify you about a review of your company or products you offer.
Verify the legitimacy of your replies to reviews.
Inform you if your reply to a review is reported for containing content which is against our guidelines or is otherwise inappropriate.
Enforce our
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
.
We may also use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
We may use automated means, including machine learning and artificial intelligence to conduct the above purposes.
We need to process your personal data to:
Perform our contract with you or your company.
Exercise and comply with our own legal rights and obligations and operate an online review platform in compliance with applicable legal acts.
Pursue our legitimate business interests, including but not limited to operating our website and business and providing our services to you. Where we process your personal data based on a legitimate interest we will only do so where the processing is relevant, adequate and limited to what is necessary for the purpose it was collected for. And of course, we'll always ensure our legitimate interests don't unfairly impact on your own rights and freedoms.
Perform a task carried out in the public interest.
Establish, exercise or defend legal claims, where necessary.
In circumstances where you have expressly given your consent for us to process your personal data, for example, when subscribing to our newsletters or accepting certain cookies on your device, you are free to revoke your consent at any time, either by using the functionality provided within the appropriate product feature or by contacting us (see ‘Contact us’ below). However, please be aware that we may have the right to continue to process your information if it can be justified on one of the other legal bases mentioned above.
You have the right to object to how we process your personal data, or ask us to restrict the processing. Please see ‘Your rights’ below, for more details.
Your public personal data on Trustpilot (for both reviewers and business users)
We share your public personal data on our platform so that others can read about your experience with a specific business. Remember that if you’ve selected to use your real name as your username, this could reveal your identity on our public website. Please see this Help Center article for more guidance regarding your public personal data.
Similarly if you’re a business user, depending on the information you decide to include on your public Trustpilot profile, this will be considered public personal data and will be accessible to anyone visiting the Trustpilot website.
Your private personal data on Trustpilot (for both reviewers and business users)
Some Trustpilot employees will have access to your data to help facilitate everything within the ‘Why and how we use your personal data’ section of this privacy policy. However, Trustpilot operates on principles in which access is limited to those who have a genuine work-related need.
If you are a consumer and you have been sent a review invitation via our platform by one of our business customers, they will have access to your data within their Trustpilot Business account. If you write a review on Trustpilot in response to an invitation sent by a business via our review invitation services, that business will be able to match your review with their invitation. As a reminder, our business customers are data controllers of this data and you should reach out to them if you have any questions.
Your personal data shared with independent third-party services, websites and businesses
One of Trustpilot's main goals is to maximise the visibility, availability, and utility of reviews and related content to the world. We therefore permit various independent third parties to access public personal data including, without limitation, usernames, user profile information, review content, and replies to reviews by businesses (as further outlined in the ‘Personal data we collect’ section of this privacy policy) via Application Programming Interfaces and other programmatic data transfer methodologies available through our platform, and to use and incorporate such public personal data into their own products and services. This increases the potential audience, and consumers’ and businesses’ knowledge of, Trustpilot and of consumer reviews and the valuable insights they provide. We make public personal data available to such third parties in this way only where they agree to data licence terms which implement protections appropriate for the data and the rights of the relevant data subjects. Please see the ‘Your rights’ section below for information about opting out of certain parts of this data sharing.
The types of third-parties that may access, use and incorporate such public personal data includes:
Search engines, and other interfaces that return information in response to user queries (including AI powered systems);
Businesses you wrote a product or service Trustpilot review for, either by invitation or not;
Online platforms where, in Trustpilot’s assessment, it would be helpful or relevant for users to search for and access reviews and related content including, without  limitation, consumer portals and business portals such as price comparison websites and shopping guides;
Application partners and platforms, such as Prestashop, Magento, Shopify, WooCommerce;
Social networks; and
Any other third party who enters into a licensing agreement with Trustpilot to access public personal data.
If you choose to respond to a reviewed business’s request for information (for example, via our
“Request Information” tool
), this information is sent directly to the business requesting the information. Sometimes we'll need to
ask for documentation
in order to verify your experience. For example, when our dedicated software flags your review and removes it from Trustpilot. We will never share your documentation with the reviewed business, however in certain circumstances if you have a reference number, order ID or similar, we may pass that on to the business, unless you ask us not to.
Your personal data shared with data processors
We share your personal data with selected third parties (including Trustpilot subsidiaries and other companies within the Trustpilot group, and companies we work with to provide our services) that provide us with a variety of different services that support the technical operation of our platform and the delivery of our services ("data processors"). These third parties are data processors for the personal data for which we are the data controller. We have data processing agreements in place with the data processors, and it follows from these agreements that they must act solely in accordance with our instructions. We may instruct the data processors to process data in accordance with this policy and for the purposes of using the platform.
We carry out checks to ensure that data processors have taken reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect against the information being accidentally or illegally destroyed, becoming lost or deteriorating, and to protect against the information being disclosed to unauthorised persons, being misused, or in other ways being processed in violation of data protection laws.
Some of these data processors and third-party services will be located in countries outside of the one in which you are based and may have different, or less stringent, data protection standards. However, subject to the local laws in these countries, we will ensure that necessary safeguards are in place to protect your data, regardless of location. We do this through a combination of appropriate technical, organisational and administrative security measures, and by putting in place the necessary legal contracts to back up these requirements. For example, we will only transfer European users’ personal data outside the European Economic Area where a European Commission-approved method of validating the transfer has been put in place.
Other disclosures
In addition to the above, we share your personal data with the following parties and in the following circumstances:
To comply with laws or to respond to claims, legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas and court orders) and requests from public and government authorities.
To cooperate with regulatory bodies and government authorities in connection with investigations or case referrals.
To third parties in connection with the enforcement of our
Terms of Use for Consumers
,
Guidelines for Reviewers
,
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
, and
Guidelines for Businesses
.
To third parties in order for us to protect our operations or those of our affiliates.
To third parties to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
To third parties in order for us to pursue available remedies, or limit damages that we may sustain.
To third parties in order for us to investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and misuse of our platform.
To third parties in the event of any reorganisation, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business or assets (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We only keep your data for as long as we need it, or are required to for legal reasons. This depends on why it was collected, and if we have a continuing legal basis to do so (such as to fulfil a contract between us, perform a service you requested, meet legal requirements, or for our legitimate interests). When we no longer have a valid reason to keep your data, we'll either delete it or anonymise it so that it doesn't identify you. We treat data differently depending on what it's used for, but you can delete your personal data or ask us to do that for you at any time (see ‘Your rights’ below).
Personal data you provide, including your reviews, is kept for as long as you have a Trustpilot account, or as needed to provide you with our services. If you delete your Trustpilot account, we retain certain information we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. Reasons we might retain some data for longer periods of time include (but are not limited to) security, fraud and platform abuse prevention, complying with legal or regulatory requirements, and defending our legitimate business interests.
Keeping your personal data secure is our highest priority. We use various organisational, technical and administrative measures to protect your personal data within our organisation and we regularly audit our system for vulnerabilities. However, since the internet is not a completely secure environment, we can’t ensure or warrant the security of the information you transmit to us. Emails sent via the platform may not be encrypted, and we therefore advise you not to include any confidential information in your emails to us.
We’re always working to improve
our security practices and policies
, and we will update this information as these practices evolve over time.
We use cookies and similar technologies to help deliver, optimise, personalise and analyse our services, and for advertising purposes.
We use a combination of cookies and other technologies, such as pixels and tracking codes, to collect information for use in line with the purposes set out in this policy.
What’s a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or device, via your web browser, at the request of the websites you visit or applications you use. Cookies record things like your preferences and settings, which help give us the information we need to provide you with the most consistent and relevant experience. We also use cookies to record information about experiments or new improvements we might test to track how you use our services and find out whether they were effective.
Cookies on our website may be set by us, third parties we're working with, or independent third parties, such as advertisers.
What are pixels?
Pixels are small, transparent image files inside a web page or email. We use them to understand how you interact with our services, including marketing emails.
What are tracking codes?
Tracking codes are snippets of code placed in the page to measure things like visits and interactions. We use tracking codes to find out more about how you interact with our services, the adverts you see and more generally, how you use our platform.
Please see our
Cookie Policy
for more information and details of the types of cookies and similar technologies we use.
If we hold personal data about you, you have rights in relation to this data as set out below.
These rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law, or have an overriding legitimate interest, to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority. For more information about how to do that, please see the
Privacy section of our Help Center
.
Access and download your personal data
You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not Trustpilot A/S is processing personal data about you, and, where it is, access that personal data, as well as other information about the data. For more information about how to do that, please see the
Privacy section of our Help Center
.
If you have a business account on Trustpilot, or if you don’t have an account at all, you can email privacy@trustpilot.com and request information about your personal data.
Correction and deletion of your personal data
If any of the personal data we have about you is incorrect or misleading, if your personal data changes or if you no longer wish to appear on the platform, you can
correct, edit or delete
the information yourself via your Trustpilot user account. Otherwise, you are welcome to email privacy@trustpilot.com requesting to correct or delete your information.
See ‘How long do we store your personal data?’ for more information on deleting your data.
Right to object
We may share your public personal data with certain partners (see “
Your personal data shared with independent third-party services, websites and businesses
”). Where your rights override our interests, you can opt-out of us sharing such data by completing
this form
.
Other rights
In addition to the rights set out above concerning your personal data, you also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, and the right to have the processing of your personal data restricted (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, for example the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes).
Where we have asked for your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time. You may withdraw your consent either by using the functionality provided within the appropriate product feature or by contacting us (see ‘Contact us’ below). If you ask to withdraw your consent to Trustpilot processing your data, this will not affect any processing which has already taken place at that time.
Please note that the above rights are not absolute and might be limited. For example, we may not comply with your request if fulfilling it would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law, or have compelling legitimate interests, to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority. For more information about how to do that, please see the
Privacy section of our Support Center
.
This section provides additional details about the personal data we collect from consumers in the U.S. who are afforded rights under applicable state data protection and privacy laws. These laws include, but are not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act, the Florida Digital Bill of Rights, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, the Nebraska Data Privacy Act, the New Jersey Data Protection Act, the New Hampshire Act Relative to the Expectation of Privacy, the Oregon Consumer Data Privacy Act, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, and any other state or local laws applicable to U.S. residents’ data. These laws may be amended, repealed, or replaced over time (the “U.S. Privacy Laws”).
When we say personal data in this section, we mean “personal data” or “personal information”, as defined in the applicable U.S. Privacy Laws.
For more details about the personal data we collect, please see ‘Personal data we collect’ above. We collect this data for the purposes described in ‘Why and how we use your personal data’ above. We share this data with the categories of third parties described in ‘Who may access your personal data’ above.
Under the U.S. Privacy Laws you have a number of rights over the personal data we hold about you and we are committed to exercising those rights, where they apply. For more details about your rights in relation to our processing of your personal data, please see ‘Your rights’ above.
In accordance with the U.S Privacy Laws’ requirements, we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. You may make a request pursuant to your rights by contacting us via email (privacy@trustpilot.com) or by mail using the contact details set out below. We will verify your request using the information associated with your account, including the email address. You may designate an authorised agent to exercise these rights on your behalf.
Trustpilot may transfer your personal data to third parties who enter into licensing agreements with us and to our partners for things like displaying personalised ads to you or to deliver improvements to our service. Under U.S Privacy Laws you may request to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal data to third parties. To manage your privacy preferences and opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal data, please use the features provided to opt out on our dedicated
Do Not Sell or Share My Information
site. You can also contact us via email (privacy@trustpilot.com) or by mail using the contact details set out below.
Trustpilot will never sell your private personal data for profit, however, to comply with the U.S. Privacy Laws where we transfer it to our partners for activities including, but not limited to,displaying personalised ads to you, licensing our data (see “
Your personal data shared with independent third-party services, websites and businesses
”) or to deliver improvements to our service, we allow you to opt out. We only engage in this kind of data transfer where we believe it benefits you by providing you with a better experience, quality of service or to deliver content that you may be interested in.
Our platform is not directed to children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect personal data from such children. If you become aware that a child under the age of 18 has provided us with their personal data, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
We may change this policy from time to time. Laws, regulations, and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our services or business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed.
If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, we will provide additional notice, such as via email or through our platform. Your continued use of our platform or services after we publish or send a notice about the changes to the policy will mean that you accept and agree to the updated policy.
We aim to make this information as clear and transparent as possible. But if you still have questions about how we process your personal data, or would like to exercise your rights under our policy, you're welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@trustpilot.com
.
You can reach us by mail at:
Trustpilot A/S,
Pilestraede 58, 5th floor,
1112 Copenhagen K,
Denmark
CVR no.: 30276582
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have further options, for example you may lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority such as the Danish Data Protection Agency. You can read more about it in the
Privacy section of our Help Center
.
You can also find additional resources about data privacy in our
Help Center
.
Back to top
are you human?
Here’s how we use cookies
Trustpilot and our partners would like to use cookies on this site to:
Show relevant content and ads
Provide social media features
Analyze traffic to bring you a better experience
No thanks
Ok
Manage cookies
Sub-policy 12
https://woocommerce.com/it/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Automattic, we have a few fundamental principles:
We are thoughtful about the personal information we ask you to provide and the personal information that we collect about you through the operation of our services.
We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it.
We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what information on your website is shared publicly (or kept private), indexed by search engines, and permanently deleted.
We help protect you from overreaching government demands for your personal information.
We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information.
Below is our Privacy Policy, which incorporates and clarifies these principles.
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
Howdy! We are the folks behind a variety of products and services designed to allow anyone — from bloggers, to photographers, small business owners, and enterprises — to take full advantage of the power and promise of the open web. Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce so that anyone with a story can tell it, and anyone can turn their great idea into a livelihood. We believe in powering the open internet with code that is open source and are proud to say that the vast majority of our work is available under the General Public License (“GPL”). Unlike most other services, because our GPL code is public, you can actually download and take a look at that code to see how it works.
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use:
Our websites (including automattic.com, wordpress.com, jetpack.com, woocommerce.com, crowdsignal.com, gravatar.com, intensedebate.com, vaultpress.com, akismet.com, simplenote.com, simperium.com, leandomainsearch.com, cloudup.com, longreads.com, atavist.com, mailpoet.com, automatewoo.com, jetpackcrm.com, happy.tools, wpcourses.com, wpscan.com, newspack.pub, and wp.cloud);
Our mobile applications (including the WordPress mobile app for Android and iOS);
Our other Automattic products, services, and features that are available on or through our websites (for example, WordPress.com plans, the Payments feature, the Pay with PayPal block, WordPress.com, Jetpack, Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, Gravatar, the IntenseDebate comment management system, Akismet plans, Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, Longreads, MailPoet, AutomateWoo, Jetpack CRM, Happy Tools, WordPress.com Courses, WPScan and Newspack); and
Other users’ websites that use our Services, while you are logged in to your account with us.
This Privacy Policy also applies to information we collect when you apply for a job at Automattic or one of our subsidiaries.
Throughout this Privacy Policy we’ll refer to our websites, mobile applications, and other products and services collectively as “Services.” And if you’d like to learn more about which Automattic company is the controller of information about you, take a look at the section below on
Controllers and Responsible Companies
.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our products or services, like Tumblr, that have a separate privacy policy.
Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information.
Creative Commons Sharealike License
We’ve decided to make this Privacy Policy available under a
Creative Commons Sharealike
license. You can grab a copy of this Privacy Policy and other legal documents on
GitHub
. You’re more than welcome to copy it, adapt it, and repurpose it for your own use. Just make sure to revise the language so that your policy reflects your actual practices. If you do use it, we’d appreciate a credit and link to Automattic somewhere on your site.
Information We Collect
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so — for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better.
We collect this information from three sources: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through operating our Services, and from outside sources. Let’s go over the information that we collect.
Information You Provide to Us
It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us directly. Here are some examples:
Basic account information:
We ask for basic information from you in order to set up your account. For example, we require individuals who sign up for a WordPress.com account to provide an email address and password, along with a username or name — and that’s it. You may provide us with more information — like your address and other information you want to share — but we don’t require that information to create a WordPress.com account.
Public profile information:
If you have an account with us, we collect the information that you provide for your public profile. For example, if you have a WordPress.com account, your username is part of that public profile, along with any other information you put into your public profile, like a photo or an “About Me” description. Your public profile information is just that — public — so please keep that in mind when deciding what information you would like to include.
Payment and contact information:
There are various ways in which you may provide us payment information and associated contact information. For example, if you buy something from us or earn revenue through your site, we’ll collect information to process those payments and contact you. If you buy something from us — a subscription to a WordPress.com plan, a premium theme, a
custom domain
, some Longreads swag — or if you pay fees to a person or business through their WordPress.com site (for example via the Payments feature or the Pay with PayPal block), you’ll provide additional personal and payment information like your name, credit card information, and contact information. We also keep a record of the purchases you’ve made. If you use our Ecommerce Services (including Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, and WooPayments), you’ll have to create a WordPress.com account or connect an existing account and, for some Services, provide your site URL. You may also provide us with financial details to set up a payments integration, like the email address for your Stripe or PayPal account or your bank account information. Additionally, if you use
WooPay
to make purchases on other sites, we will store the contact information and payment information you provide to that service. And if you participate in a revenue sharing opportunity for your site, like
WordAds
, you’ll provide some additional information — for example, a tax ID or other identifier so we can process payments to you.
Business Profile:
Some of our products collect additional information from you as part of creating a user/customer profile. For example, if you are a Jetpack CRM customer we may add you to our customer relationship database (powered by Jetpack CRM!) using information you provide us including your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact information, and your communications with us. If you are a Happy Tools user, we use information you provide us like your timezone and location information, your company and team information, and your contact information, to set up your account and power the Service’s features.
Content information:
You might provide us with information about you in draft and published content (a blog post or comment that includes biographic information about you, or any media or files you upload).
Credentials:
Depending on the Services you use, you may provide us with credentials for your self-hosted website (like SSH, FTP, and SFTP username and password). Jetpack and VaultPress users may provide us with these credentials in order to use our one-click restore feature if there is a problem with their site, or to allow us to troubleshoot problems more quickly.
Communications with us (hi there!):
You may also provide us with information when you respond to surveys, communicate with our Happiness Engineers about a support question, post a question in our public forums, or sign up for a newsletter like the one we send through Longreads. When you communicate with us via form, email, phone, WordPress.com comment, or otherwise, we store a copy of our communications (including any call recordings as permitted by applicable law).
Job applicant information:
If you apply for a job with us — awesome! You may provide us with information like your name, contact information, resume or CV, professional or personal references, similar professional and employment-related data, and work authorization verification as part of the application process. We may also collect additional information about you during the process, like background and credit checks (in applicable jurisdictions and only for certain job roles).  You may also provide us with demographic information when required by law or to support our diverse workplace initiatives, such as your gender, racial or ethnic origin, veteran status, and disability status if you voluntarily submit such information as part of your application. We collect demographic information in accordance with applicable law, and do not request demographic information in jurisdictions where it may be prohibited. We will only use this sensitive information to accommodate a disability or illness, comply with legal obligations, protect the health and safety of our employees, and facilitate our internal programs relating to diversity, inclusion, and anti-discrimination.
Information We Collect Automatically
We also collect some information automatically:
Log information:
Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, including the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. We collect log information when you use our Services — for example, when you create or make changes to your website on WordPress.com.
Transactional information:
When you make a purchase through our Services, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and the date and location of the transaction. This includes when you purchase something we sell or when you use our Services (like
WooPay
) to buy something from a third party.
Usage information:
We collect information about your usage of our Services. For example, we collect information about the actions that site administrators and users perform on a site using our WordPress.com or Jetpack services — in other words, who did what and when (e.g., [WordPress.com username] deleted “[title of post]” at [time/date]). Our
WooCommerce Usage Tracker
also tracks information like your email address, WooCommerce settings, and PHP settings, along with information about your online store, like the aggregate number of orders and customers. We also collect information about what happens when you use our Services (e.g., page views, support document searches at en.support.wordpress.com, features enabled for your website, interactions with our
Admin Bar
and other parts of our Services) along with information about your device (e.g., screen size, name of cellular network, and mobile device manufacturer). We use this information to, for example, provide our Services to you, get insights on how people use our Services so we can make our Services better, and understand and make predictions about user retention.
Location information:
We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our Services from certain geographic regions. We may also collect information about your precise location via our mobile apps (like when you post a photograph with location information) if you allow us to do so through your mobile device operating system’s permissions.
Stored information:
We may access information stored on your mobile device via our mobile apps. We access this stored information through your device operating system’s permissions. For example, if you give us permission to access the photographs on your mobile device’s camera roll, our Services may access the photos stored on your device when you upload a really amazing photograph of the sunrise to your website.
Interactions with other users’ sites:
We collect some information about your interactions with other users’ sites while you are logged in to your account with us, such as your “Likes” and the fact that you commented on a particular post, so that we can, for example,
recommend posts
we think may interest you. As another example, we collect information about the comments IntenseDebate users make while logged in and use that information to, for example, tally up statistics about your comments (check them out in your dashboard!) and display information about your comments in your IntenseDebate public profile.
Information from cookies & other technologies:
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. Automattic uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our Services, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness and to deliver targeted ads. For more information about our use of cookies and other technologies for tracking, including how you can control the use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also get information about you from other sources. For example:
Third Party Login:
If you create or log in to your WordPress.com account through another service (like Google) we’ll receive associated login information (e.g. a connection token, your username, your email address)
Social Sharing Services:
If you connect your website or account to a social media service (like Twitter) through our
Publicize feature
, we’ll receive information from that service (e.g., your username, basic profile information, friends list) via the authorization procedures for that service.
Financial Account Info
:
If you use WooPayments, we’ll receive information relating to your Stripe account, such as your email address and phone number. If you use WooPay, we’ll receive your payment information from Stripe.
Google Account Information:
When you connect your Google account to your Newspack powered site, we may access certain Google user data such as your Google Ad Manager Configuration (the network code and your ad units) and your Google Analytics data to allow you to access and manage features more seamlessly. For example, you may be able to manage your Google ads and see your Google Analytics data directly within the dashboard of your Newspack powered site.
The information we receive depends on which services you use or authorize and what options are available.
Third-party services may also give us information, like mailing addresses for individuals who are not yet our users (but we hope will be!). We use this information for marketing purposes like postcards and other mailers advertising our Services.
How and Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
We use information about you for the purposes listed below:
To provide our Services.
For example, to set up and maintain your account, host your website, backup and restore your website, provide customer service, process payments and orders, and verify user information.
To ensure quality, maintain safety, and improve our Services.
For example, by providing automatic upgrades and new versions of our Services. Or, for example, by monitoring and analyzing how users interact with our Services so we can create new features that we think our users will enjoy and that will help them create and manage websites more efficiently or make our Services easier to use.
To place and manage ads in our advertising program.
For example, to place ads on our users’ sites and some of our own sites as part of our advertising program, and understand ad performance.
To market our Services and measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our marketing.
For example, by targeting our marketing messages to groups of our users (like those who have a particular plan with us or have been users for a certain length of time), advertising our Services, analyzing the results of our marketing campaigns (like how many people purchased a paid plan after receiving a marketing message), and understanding and forecasting user retention.
To protect our Services, our users, and the public.
For example, by detecting security incidents; detecting and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; fighting spam; complying with our legal obligations; and protecting the rights and property of Automattic and others, which may result in us, for example, declining a transaction or terminating Services.
To fix problems with our Services.
For example, by monitoring, debugging, repairing, and preventing issues.
To customize the user experience.
For example, to personalize your experience by serving you relevant notifications and advertisements for our Services, recommending content through our Reader post suggestions, and providing new essays and stories through Longreads for your reading pleasure.
To communicate with you.
For example, by emailing you to ask for your feedback, share tips for getting the most out of our products, or keep you up to date on Automattic; texting you to verify your payment; or calling you to share offers and promotions that we think will be of interest to you. If you don’t want to hear from us, you can opt out of marketing communications at any time. (If you opt out, we’ll still send you important updates relating to your account.)
To recruit and hire new Automatticians.
For example, by evaluating job applicants (including verifying their identity, experience, and other information submitted) and communicating with them by phone, email, or social media platforms.  If the application progresses, we may also collect interview information and background check information.  This may also include verifying information required to initiate employment, for purposes such as confirming ability to legally work in a specific location, setting up payroll, and complying with statutory reporting requirements.
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that:
(1) The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under the applicable terms of service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account — for example, in order to enable access to our website on your device or charge you for a paid plan; or
(2) The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
(3) The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or
(4) We have a legitimate interest in using your information — for example, to provide and update our Services; to improve our Services so that we can offer you an even better user experience; to safeguard our Services; to communicate with you; to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising; and to understand our user retention and attrition; to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services; and to personalize your experience; or
(5) You have given us your consent — for example before we place certain cookies on your device and access and analyze them later on, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
We share information about you in limited circumstances, and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy. These are spelled out below, as well as in the section called
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
:
Subsidiaries and independent contractors:
We may disclose information about you to our subsidiaries and independent contractors who need the information to help us provide our Services or process the information on our behalf. We require our subsidiaries and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Policy for any personal information that we share with them.
Third-party vendors:
We may share information about you with third-party vendors who need the information in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you or your site. This includes vendors that help us provide our Services to you (like Stripe, which powers WooPayments, payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, payment providers you use for your own ecommerce operations, fraud prevention services that allow us to analyze fraudulent payment transactions, cloud storage services, postal and email delivery services that help us stay in touch with you, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you, registrars, registries, data escrow services that allow us to provide domain registration services, and your hosting provider if your site is not hosted by Automattic); those that assist us with our marketing efforts (e.g., by providing tools for identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns, and by placing ads to market our services); those that help us understand and enhance our Services (like analytics providers); those that make tools to help us run our operations (like programs that help us with task management, scheduling, word processing, email and other communications, and collaboration among our teams); other third-party tools that help us manage operations; and companies that make products available on our websites (like the extensions on woocommerce.com), who may need information about you in order to, for example, provide technical or other support services to you. We require vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share information with them. Other vendors are listed in our more specific policies (e.g., our
Cookie Policy
).
Legal and regulatory requirements:
We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request. For more information on how we respond to requests for information about WordPress.com users, please see our
Legal Guidelines
. Additionally, if you have a domain registered with WordPress.com, we may share your information to comply with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers’ (ICANN) regulations, rules, or policies. For example, your information relating to your domain registration may be available in the WHOIS database, or we may be required to share your information with ICANN-approved Dispute Resolution Service Providers. Please see our
Domain Registrations and Privacy support document
for more details.
To protect rights, property, and others:
We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Automattic, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical injury, we
may disclose information related to the emergency without delay
.
Business transfers:
In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Automattic goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events were to happen, this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information, but only consistent with this Privacy Policy.
With your consent:
We may share and disclose information with your consent or at your direction. For example, we may share your information with third parties when you authorize us to do so, like when you connected your site to a social media service through our Publicize feature.
Aggregated or de-identified information:
We may share information that has been aggregated or de-identified, so that it can no longer reasonably be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of our Services, or share a hashed version of your email address to facilitate customized ad campaigns on other platforms.
Site owners:
If you have a WordPress.com account and interact with another site using our Services, your information may be shared with the administrators of the site. For example, if you leave a comment on a site created on WordPress.com or running Jetpack, your IP address and the email address associated with your WordPress.com account may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site where you left the comment. Or if you make a payment (like via the
Payments feature
) to a site, your public display name, user name, and email address may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site. Or if you follow/subscribe to another WordPress.com site we will share your email address with the site owner.
Published support requests:
If you send us a request for assistance (for example, via a support email or one of our other feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish that request in order to clarify or respond to your request, or to help us support other users.
Information Shared Publicly
Information that you choose to make public is — you guessed it — disclosed publicly.
That means information like your public profile, posts, other content that you make public on your website, and your “Likes” and comments on other websites are all available to others — and we hope they get a lot of views!
For example, the photo that you upload to your public profile, or a default image if you haven’t uploaded one, is your
G
lobally
R
ecognized Avatar, or Gravatar — get it? :) Your Gravatar, along with other public profile information, displays alongside the comments and “Likes” that you make on other users’ websites while logged in to your WordPress.com account. Your Gravatar and public profile information may also display with your comments, “Likes,” and other interactions on websites that use our Gravatar service, if the email address associated with your account is the same email address you use on the other website.
We also provide a “Firehose” stream of public data (like posts and comments) from some sites that use our Services to provide that data to Firehose subscribers, who may view and analyze the content (all subject to our Terms of Service), but do not have rights to re-publish it publicly. Find out more about opting out of the Firehose for
WordPress.com
and
Jetpack
sites. Public information may also be indexed by search engines or used by third parties.
Please keep all of this in mind when deciding what you would like to share publicly.
How Long We Keep Information
We generally discard information about you when it’s no longer needed for the purposes for which we collect and use it — described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information — and we’re not legally required to keep it.
For example, we keep web server logs that record information about a visitor to one of Automattic’s websites, like the visitor’s IP address, browser type, and operating system, for approximately 30 days. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyze traffic to Automattic’s websites and investigate issues if something goes wrong on one of our websites.
As another example, when you delete a post, page, or comment from your WordPress.com site, it stays in your Trash folder for thirty days in case you change your mind and would like to restore that content, because starting from scratch is no fun. After the thirty days are up, the deleted content may remain on our backups and caches until purged.
If you are a job applicant, we will keep your personal data during the application process, and for a certain period thereafter. To determine that period, we take into account a number of factors, like our legal and regulatory obligations (such as equal opportunity obligations) and whether we may need to retain personal data for internal business purposes like analyzing our applicant pool.
Security
While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so. We monitor our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
To enhance the security of your account, we encourage you to enable our advanced security settings, like
Two Step Authentication
.
Choices
You have several choices available when it comes to information about you:
Limit the information that you provide:
If you have an account with us, you can choose not to provide the optional account information, profile information, and transaction and billing information. Please keep in mind that if you do not provide this information, certain features of our Services — for example, premium themes that carry an additional charge — may not be accessible. If you are a job applicant, and you choose not to provide certain data elements to us, we may not be able to proceed with the recruitment process.
Limit access to information on your mobile device:
Your mobile device operating system should provide you with the option to discontinue our ability to collect stored information or location information via our mobile apps. If you choose to limit this, you may not be able to use certain features, like geotagging for photographs.
Opt out of marketing communications:
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us. Just follow the instructions in those communications or let us know. If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you other communications, like those about your account and legal notices.
Set your browser to reject cookies:
At this time, Automattic does not respond to “do not track” signals across all of our Services. However, you can
usually choose
to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before using Automattic’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Automattic’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Opt out of our internal analytics program:
You can do this through your user settings. By opting out, you will stop sharing information with our analytics tool about events or actions that happen after the opt-out, while you’re logged in to your WordPress.com account. For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Close your account:
While we’d be very sad to see you go, you can close your account if you no longer want to use our Services. (
Here
are account closure instructions for WordPress.com accounts.) Please keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after closing your account, as described in How Long We Keep Information above — for example, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as law enforcement requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests.
Your Rights
If you are located in certain parts of the world, including some US states and countries that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (aka the “GDPR”), you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, like the right to request access to or deletion of your data.
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are located in a country that falls under the scope of the GDPR, data protection laws give you certain rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
Request portability of your personal data.
You also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
US Privacy Laws
Laws in some US states require us to provide residents with additional information about the categories of personal information we collect and share, where we get that personal information, and how and why we use it. You’ll find that information in this section (if you are a California resident, please note that this is the Notice at Collection we are required to provide you under California law).
In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information, depending on the Services used:
Identifiers (like your name, contact information, and device and online identifiers);
Commercial information (your billing information and purchase history, for example);
Characteristics protected by law (for example, you might provide your gender as part of a research survey for us or you may choose to voluntarily disclose your race or veteran status as part of your job application);
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as your usage of our Services, like the actions you take as an administrator of a WordPress.com site);
Geolocation data (such as your location based on your IP address);
Audio, electronic, visual or similar information (such as your profile picture, if you uploaded one);
Professional or employment-related information (for example, your company and team information if you are a Happy Tools user, or information you provide in a job application); and
Inferences we make (such as likelihood of retention or attrition).
If you are a job applicant, we may have also collected:
Education information, such as the education you disclose in your job application.
You can find more information about what we collect and sources of that information in the
Information We Collect section
above.
We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the
How and Why We Use Information section
. And we share this information with the categories of third parties described in the
Sharing Information section
. We retain this information for the length of time described in our
How Long We Keep Information section
.
In some US states you have additional rights subject to any exemptions provided by your state’s respective law, including the right to:
Request a copy of the specific pieces of information we collect about you and, if you’re in California, to know the categories of personal information we collect, the categories of business or commercial purpose for collecting and using it, the categories of sources from which the information came, and the categories of third parties we share it with;
Request deletion of personal information we collect or maintain;
Request correction of personal information we collect or maintain;
Opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information;
Receive a copy of your information in a readily portable format; and
Not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights.
You can find detailed metrics about Automattic’s compliance with these rights in
our Privacy Report
.
Right to Opt Out
We never directly sell your personal information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money).
We may share your information as necessary with our third-party service providers to provide our services to you. To the extent that we share your information with certain advertising, marketing, or analytics vendors, this can be considered a “sale” or “share” in certain U.S. States, which you may have the right to opt out of.
You can learn more about this sharing and how to opt out by clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link in the footer of our websites, or from the settings page within our apps. Note that in some instances this link will only display to individuals visiting our sites from within the relevant states.
Our opt-out is managed through cookies, so if you delete cookies, your browser is set to delete cookies automatically after a certain length of time, or if you visit sites in a different browser, you’ll need to make this selection again.
We also respect the GPC browser signal and will treat it as a valid means of communicating your desire to opt out.
We do not collect or process your sensitive (and potentially sensitive) personal information except where it is strictly necessary to provide you with our service, where the processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you, or for other purposes that do not require an option to limit under California law. We don’t knowingly sell or share personal information of those under 16.
Your Information & Personalized Advertising
Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce, and that means making our Services accessible to as many people as possible. We show ads on some of our users’ sites as well as some of our own sites, and the revenue these ads generate lets us offer free access to some of our Services so that money doesn’t become an obstacle to having a voice. Our ads program also allows our users to earn revenue to support and grow their own sites. As part of our advertising program, we and our users do use cookies to share certain device identifiers and information about your browsing activities with our advertising partners, and those advertising partners may use that information to show you personalized ads on some of our users’ sites and some of our own.
The personal information we share includes online identifiers; internet or other network or device activity (such as cookie information, other device identifiers, and IP address); and geolocation data (approximate location information from your IP address). These disclosures may be considered a “sale” or “share” of information under some US state privacy laws. We do not sell (or share) information through our ads program that identifies you personally, like your name or contact information. Learn how you can opt out by going to
Advertising on WordPress.com Sites and Sites in the WordAds Program
.
Contacting Us About These Rights
You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools that we offer, but if you aren’t able to or you’d like to contact us about one of the other rights, scroll down to “
How to Reach Us
” to, well, find out how to reach us.
When you contact us about one of your rights under this section, we’ll need to verify that you are the right person before we disclose or delete anything. For example, if you are a user, we will need you to contact us from the email address associated with your account. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by giving us written authorization. We may still require you to verify your identity with us.
Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials
In some circumstances we may deny your request to exercise one of these rights. For example, if we cannot verify that you are the account owner we may deny your request to access the personal information associated with your account. As another example, if we are legally required to maintain a copy of your personal information we may deny your request to delete your personal information.
In the event that we deny your request, we will communicate this fact to you in writing. You may appeal our decision by responding in writing to our denial email and stating that you would like to appeal. All appeals will be reviewed by an internal expert who was not involved in your original request. In the event that your appeal is also denied this information will be communicated to you in writing.  Please note that the appeal process does not apply to job applicants.
If your appeal is denied, in some US states you may refer the denied appeal to the state attorney general if you believe the denial is in conflict with your legal rights. The process for how to do this will be communicated to you in writing at the same time we send you our decision about your appeal.
Controllers and Responsible Companies
Automattic’s Services are worldwide. Different Automattic companies are the controller (or co-controller) of personal information, which means that they are the company responsible for processing that information, based on the particular service and the location of the individual using our Services.
Depending on the Services you use, more than one company may be the controller of your personal data. Generally, the “controller” is the Automattic company that entered into the contract with you under the Terms of Service for the product or service you use. In addition, Automattic Inc., our US-based company, is the controller for some of the processing activities across all of our Services worldwide.
The chart below explains the current controllers for processing your personal information. We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to Australia, Canada, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, and all countries located in Europe (including the UK and ROI).
Automattic Services (except Woo)
If you reside outside of the Designated Countries:
Automattic Inc.
60 29th Street #343
San Francisco, CA 94110
If you reside in the Designated Countries:
Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd.
Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl
Dublin, D02 AY86
IrelandAutomattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd.
Woo Services
Woo services includes WooCommerce, WooPayments, Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, MailPoet, and other products and services available at woocommerce.com.
If you reside outside of the Designated Countries:
WooCommerce, Inc.
60 29th Street #343
San Francisco, CA 94110Automattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce, Inc.
If you reside in the Designated Countries:
WooCommerce Ireland Ltd.
Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl
Dublin, D02 AY86
IrelandAutomattic Inc and WooCommerce, Inc are also the joint controllers for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce Ireland Ltd.
How to Reach Us
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned in the
Your Rights section
above, please contact us through our
web form
or via
email
. These are the fastest ways to get a response to your inquiry, but you can also contact us by telephone at 1-877-273-3049.
Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!)
Transferring Information
Because Automattic’s Services are offered worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use the Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third-party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the
How and Why We Use Information section
above.
When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. These measures include entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with entities based in countries outside the EEA.
You can ask us for more information about the steps we take to protect your personal information when transferring it from the EU.
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Ads appearing on any of our Services may be delivered by advertising networks. Other parties may also provide analytics services via our Services. These ad networks and analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of our Services and across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage, determine the popularity of certain content, and deliver ads that may be more targeted to your interests. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by Automattic and does not cover the collection of information by any third-party advertisers or analytics providers.
Third-Party Software and Services
If you’d like to use third-party plugins or embeds, WooPayments (powered by Stripe), Woo extensions that enable services provided by third parties, or other third-party software or services, please keep in mind that interacting with them may mean providing information about yourself (or your site visitors) to those third parties. For example, some third-party services may request or require access to your (yours, your visitors’, or customers’) data via a pixel or cookie. Please note that if you use the third-party service or grant access, your data will be handled in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy and practices. We don’t own or control these third parties, and they have their own rules about information collection, use, and sharing, which you should review before using the software or services.
Visitors to Our Users’ Websites
We also process information about visitors to our users’ websites, on behalf of our users and in accordance with our user agreements. Please note that our processing of that information on behalf of our users for their websites isn’t covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage our users to post a privacy policy that accurately describes their practices on data collection, use, and sharing of personal information. If you’d like, you can also read more about the data we collect on behalf of our users in our
Privacy Notice
.
Users control the content posted on their sites, so any disputes regarding content on a user’s site should be made directly to the site owner, through their “contact us” page, at an email address they provide, or by leaving a comment on the site.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Automattic may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Automattic encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the change log below, and, in some cases, we may provide additional notice (like adding a statement to our homepage or the
WordPress.com Blog,
or sending you a notification through email or your dashboard). Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.
Other Information and Resources
Jetpack Privacy Center
Woo and the GDPR
Translation
Our Privacy Policy was originally written in English (US). We may translate it into other languages. For example:
French:
https://automattic.com/fr/privacy
Spanish:
https://automattic.com/es/privacy
German:
https://automattic.com/de/privacy
In the event of a conflict between a translated version of our Privacy Policy and the English version, the English version will control.
That’s it! Thanks for reading.
Change log
April 22, 2024:
Removed the outdated list of specific US states covered by the US Privacy Laws section
October 31, 2023:
Changed instances of “WooCommerce” to “Woo.”
July 12, 2023:
Added new example of information shared with site owners.
March 17, 2023:
Removed references to WPVIP.
December 30, 2022:
Updated the California rights section to apply to additional US states.
October 18, 2022
: Added wp.cloud to the list of our websites.
April 26, 2022:
Included information regarding WooPay.
November 22, 2021:
Included information for WPScan.
October 8, 2021:
Included information for WordPress.com Courses and Newspack. Updated the “Information we Collect from Other Sources” section with new examples.
January 1, 2021
: Included information for AutomateWoo and Jetpack CRM. Updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users.
December 7, 2020:
Included information for MailPoet.
October 12, 2020
: Renamed WooCommerce Services to WooCommerce Shipping & Tax.
August 1, 2020
: Renamed some Payments features and updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users.
February 21, 2020:
Updated for WooCommerce Payments and added a new section: “Other Information and Resources.”
December 31, 2019
: Updated for California Consumer Privacy Act and miscellaneous clarification throughout.
October 2, 2019:
A few miscellaneous changes, such as new sections about translations of this Privacy Policy and how to opt out of our internal analytics program.
May 31, 2019:
Included information for the Recurring Payments feature.
April 1, 2019:
Included information for Happy Tools.
March 13, 2019:
Added clarifications and additional details to existing sections, for example about ICANN policies and what we may store when you communicate with us.
February 1, 2019:
Included information for Longreads and additional information regarding Longreads accounts.
November 6, 2018:
Removed references to Polldaddy, which has been rebranded as Crowdsignal.
September 24, 2018:
Included information for Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, and Lean Domain Search.
May 25, 2018:
Added more specific information to help clarify our practices, included information for Crowdsignal and Woocommerce.com services, and added information to reflect the requirements of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation.
January 3, 2018:
Revised and reorganized language throughout to help simplify the policy and clarify our practices.
August 22, 2017:
Added “Information We Collect from Other Sources” section.
November 2, 2016
: Added that comments submitted as missed spam are retained by Akismet to improve future performance.
February 18, 2015:
Updated Creative Commons license from 2.5 to 4.0.
September 18, 2013:
Added that blog commenter email addresses are disclosed to administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
February 1, 2011:
Clarified subpoena language and added Business Transfers paragraph.
January 3, 2011:
Added court order and subpoena clarification.
July 1, 2010:
Revised paragraph about IP addresses to explain when they are collected and that commenter IPs are visible to blog administrators.
October 29, 2009:
Added Comments paragraph to explain Akismet comment storage policy.
March 10, 2009:
Added Ads paragraph to alert users that ads from third parties may use cookies.
Sections
▼
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
Creative Commons Sharealike License
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
Information We Collect Automatically
Information We Collect from Other Sources
How and Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
Information Shared Publicly
How Long We Keep Information
Security
Choices
Your Rights
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
US Privacy Laws
Contacting Us About These Rights
Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials
Controllers and Responsible Companies
How to Reach Us
Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!)
Transferring Information
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Third-Party Software and Services
Visitors to Our Users’ Websites
Privacy Policy Changes
Other Information and Resources
Translation
Change log
Subscribe
Subscribed
Automattic
Join 10,684 other subscribers
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Automattic
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
As an open source company, we take your privacy seriously and want to be as transparent as possible. So: We use cookies to collect some personal data from you (like your browsing data, IP addresses, and other unique identifiers). Some of these cookies we absolutely need in order to make things work, and others you can choose in order to optimize your experience while using our site and services.
Customize
Accept all
Your privacy is critically important to us. We and our partners use, store, and process your personal data to optimize: our
website
such as by improving security or conducting analytics,
marketing activities
to help deliver relevant marketing or content, and your
user experience
such as by remembering your account name, language settings, or cart information, where applicable. You can customize your cookie settings below. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
.
Required
These cookies are essential for our websites and services to perform basic functions and are necessary for us to operate certain features, like allowing registered users to authenticate and perform account-related functions, storing preferences set by users (like account name, language, and location), and ensuring our services operate properly.
Analytics
These cookies allow us to optimize performance by collecting information on how users interact with our websites.
Advertising
We and our advertising partners set these cookies to provide you with relevant content and to understand that content’s effectiveness.
Accept selection
Sub-policy 13
https://linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 14
https://www.salesfeed.com/privacy-verklaring/:
In 3 muisklikken jouw doelgroep in kaart >
✖
Heb je vragen?
Laten we afspreken >
✖
Producten
Academy
Gratis webinars
Trainingen
Handleiding
FAQ
Berichten
Klantcases
Tarieven
Over ons
Over ons
Partnerprogramma
Support
Contact
Inloggen
30 dagen gratis
Home
Privacy verklaring
PRIVACYVERKLARING inzake de website van SalesFeed Nederland B.V.
Versie 7 februari 2024
Deze website https://www.salesfeed.com/ (hierna: “de Website” of “deze Website”) wordt beheerd door SalesFeed Nederland B.V., gevestigd te Hilversum (hierna: “SalesFeed”).
SalesFeed respecteert uw privacy en zal uw gegevens uitsluitend in overeenstemming met de Algemene Verordening Gegevensbescherming (AVG) en andere toepasselijke wet- en regelgeving verwerken op de wijze en voor de doeleinden zoals hierna beschreven.
Bij bezoek aan deze Website kan SalesFeed gegevens van u verzamelen en verder verwerken.
Wij hebben hiervoor een gerechtvaardigd belang. Wij verzamelen gegevens om statistieken te genereren over herkomst en gedrag van zakelijke bezoekers. Aan de hand van de statistieken optimaliseren wij onze dienstverlening, website, communicatie en advertenties.
Aard en doeleinden van de verwerking
SalesFeed registreert gegevens over het gebruik van deze website. Het gaat daarbij onder andere om bezoekersaantallen, bezochte pagina’s en gelezen content.
De statistieken zijn anoniem op het niveau van natuurlijke personen. Er wordt daarom geen toestemming gevraagd voor het maken van deze statistieken en het gebruiken van software die de anonieme statistieken genereert.
Als u contact met ons opneemt via de website kunnen wij de gegevens opslaan die u verstrekt via een formulier of chatbox. Deze gegevens zijn voor intern gebruik en worden niet doorgegeven aan derden.
Gebruik van cookies
Een cookie is een klein bestand dat door uw webbrowser op uw harde schijf wordt geplaatst en in het algemeen voor diverse doeleinden kan worden gebruikt. Cookies kunnen worden verwijderd door de aanwijzingen van uw webbrowser te volgen.
Voor onder andere het genereren van statistieken is aan deze Website software gekoppeld die mogelijk cookies plaatsen en gebruiken. Ook worden de cookies gebruikt om instellingen te onthouden. De cookies zijn anoniem op het niveau van natuurlijke personen.
Aan deze website is de volgende software gekoppeld die cookies plaatsen en gebruiken:
SalesFeed software:
voor statistieken over organisaties die een website bezoeken
Google producten:
zoals Google Ads, waarmee advertenties worden getoond en Google Analytics, die statistieken genereert over bezoekers en pagina’s.
Constant Contact software:
voor marketing automation berichten.
SalesFeed software
Aan deze website is SalesFeed software gekoppeld. Met deze software worden statistieken over herkomst en gedrag van zakelijke doelgroepen gegenereerd. De SalesFeed Software verwerkt hiertoe onder andere IP-adressen van bezoekers. De IP-adressen worden gekoppeld aan een database met daarin bedrijfsgegevens. Informatie over organisaties die worden geregistreerd naar aanleiding van hun bezoek aan deze Website wordt niet gedeeld met derden.
De statistieken kunnen niet op geautomatiseerde wijze leiden tot directe identificatie en herkenning van natuurlijke personen.
De SalesFeed software plaatst alleen first party cookies. Aan deze cookies worden geen persoonsgegevens gekoppeld.
Google software
Google Analytics genereert statistieken over bezoeken en pagina’s.
Google Ads wordt gebruikt om advertenties te tonen aan mensen die zoeken naar bepaalde informatie of die behoren tot een doelgroep die bereikt kan worden via het Google Display Netwerk.
Constant Contact
Deze software biedt de mogelijkheid om berichten te sturen aan gebruikers van de SalesFeed software en aan personen die informatie hebben opgevraagd via de Website.
Beveiliging van uw gegevens
SalesFeed beschouwt een adequate beveiliging van uw gegevens als een belangrijke verantwoordelijkheid. Zij neemt dan ook fysieke, technische, elektronische, organisatorische en contractuele maatregelen om uw gegevens te beschermen tegen accidentele of onwettige vernietiging, wijziging, niet-geautoriseerde vrijgave of toegang, ongeacht of deze verwerking in Nederland of elders plaatsvindt.
Inzage en correctie
Op grond van de Algemene Verordening Gegevensbescherming (AVG) heeft u recht op inzage in de gegevens die SalesFeed van u verwerkt en eventueel correctie daarvan. Indien u van deze rechten gebruik wenst te maken, of vragen hebt over de wijze waarop SalesFeed uw gegevens verwerkt, kunt u contact opnemen via info@salesfeed.com
Wijzigingen
Tot slot wijst SalesFeed u erop dat zij wijzigingen kan aanbrengen in deze Privacy verklaring. Het verdient dan ook aanbeveling om deze Privacyverklaring geregeld te raadplegen.
SalesFeed Nederland B.V. | ‘s-Gravelandseweg 46D | 1211 BT | Hilversum | 035 203 2821 | info@salesfeed.com | www.salesfeed.com | IBAN NL85ABNA0462348075 | BIC ABNANL2A | KvK 56670885 | BTW NL852250071B01
Wij genereren anonieme statistieken over bezoekers op onze website.
Lees hier meer over.
Toestemmingsvoorkeuren
Sluiten
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Sub-policy 15
https://partnerize.com/legal/privacy-statement:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to better understand how people use our website. We also use cookies to deliver site ads to visitors after they leave our website, via retargeting.
Read more in our
Privacy Policy
.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Manage cookies
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
2
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent [x2]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
6
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
_GRECAPTCHA
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::b
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::d-15#
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Hubspot
4
Learn more about this provider
embed/v3/counters.gif [x2]
Used to implement forms on the website.
messagesUtk [x2]
Stores a unique ID string for each chat-box session. This allows the website-support to see previous issues and reconnect with the previous supporter.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
New Relic
1
Learn more about this provider
JSESSIONID
Preserves users states across page requests.
Solarwinds
1
Learn more about this provider
pa_enabled
Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly.
g2.com
tracking.g2crowd.com
go.partnerize.com
hs-analytics.net
hs-banner.com
partnerize.com
www.pepperjam.com
zoominfo.com
17
__cf_bm [x17]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
go.partnerize.com
hsforms.com
zoominfo.com
4
_cfuvid [x4]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
go.partnerize.com
www.pepperjam.com
2
__cfruid [x2]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
partnerize.com
3
elementor
This cookie helps us to create a better user experience by allowing us to change the website's content in real-time, for example by tracking how many times a popup has been shown.
nitro_prefetched_urls
This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser.
nitroCachedPage
This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsentBulkSetting-#
Enables cookie consent across multiple websites
partnerize.com
2
nitroScrollPos
Contains the scroll-depth across the website's sub-pages.
wp-wpml_current_language
Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
G2Crowd
1
Learn more about this provider
g2tracking
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_#
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
ln_or
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
AnalyticsSyncHistory
Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service.
Microsoft
5
Learn more about this provider
c.gif
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
CLID
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_cltk
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
_clck
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_clsk
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
New Relic
1
Learn more about this provider
NRBA_SESSION
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
SalesLoft
2
Learn more about this provider
sliguid
Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization.
slirequested
Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization.
Solarwinds
1
Learn more about this provider
pa
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
go.partnerize.com
1
hs_ab_test
This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site.
js.hs-banner.com
4
__hssc
Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.
__hssrc
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
__hstc
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
hubspotutk
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Casale Media
4
Learn more about this provider
CMID
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
CMPRO
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
CMPS
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
rum
Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
DemandBase
2
Learn more about this provider
tuuid
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
tuuid_lu
Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times.
G2Crowd
1
Learn more about this provider
_session_id
Stores visitors' navigation by registering landing pages - This allows the website to present relevant products and/or measure their advertisement efficiency on other websites.
Google
8
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
IDE
Pending
pagead/landing [x2]
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
ads/ga-audiences
Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
rc::f
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
Hubspot
1
Learn more about this provider
__ptq.gif
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
LinkedIn
5
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
bscookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
li_sugr
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
lidc
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
UserMatchHistory
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
Microsoft
18
Learn more about this provider
_uetsid [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid_exp [x2]
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
_uetvid [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid_exp [x2]
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
MR [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
MSPTC
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
MUID [x2]
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
SRM_B
Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services.
ANONCHK
Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites.
SM
Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads.
_uetsid
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
SalesLoft
1
Learn more about this provider
slireg
Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.
Salesloft
1
Learn more about this provider
site_identity
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Telaria
3
Learn more about this provider
sync
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
tv_UIDM
Pending
tvid
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
YouTube
17
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
Unclassified
6
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_ls
Pending
console.partnerize.com
1
phgsev
Pending
go.partnerize.com
partnerize.com
2
PARMONIC_SESSION_ID [x2]
Pending
join.partnerize.com
signup.partnerize.com
2
signup [x2]
Pending
Cross-domain consent
2
Your consent applies to the following domains:
List of domains your consent applies to:
go.partnerize.com
partnerize.com
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/27/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
This website uses cookies and other similar technologies ('cookies'). We use cookies to better understand how people use our website. We also use cookies to deliver site ads to visitors after they leave our website, via retargeting.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration in the Privacy Policy on our website.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Essential only
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Skip to content
Privacy statement
Revised Effective March 25, 2022
1. Introduction and Scope
Partnerize and its subsidiary companies (together “we,” “our” or “us”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the security and privacy of all personal information we collect or handle.
Partnerize is the trading name of Performance Horizon Group Limited, a company organized under the laws of the United Kingdom with an address of 6th Floor, West One, Forth Banks, Newcastle Upon Tyne, United Kingdom. Partnerize is registered with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office with registration number Z2226774.
Partnerize provides websites such as www.partnerize.com, www.pepperjam.com and www.brandverity.com (each a “Website”) and software and services through online platforms that help our business clients find and compensate publisher partners who display their advertisements, and also provides such clients with online brand monitoring services (each a “Platform”, and collectively with the Websites, the “Services”). This Privacy Statement (“Statement”) applies to all Services that link to this Statement.
Data Collection – Partnerize Services
Partnerize controls the collection, use, disclosure or retention of personal information in the following contexts:
When you provide personal information to us through forms or chat functions on our Websites for the purposes of learning more about Partnerize Services;
When you provide personal information to us when you register to use our Services;
When you provide personal information to us as part of an application for employment through the “Careers” page of the Partnerize Website or through other means;
For personal information that our Websites and/or Platforms automatically collect from you as you use and navigate our Services;
When business intelligence service providers or existing Partnerize clients send us information regarding individuals engaging in affiliate marketing; and
When you provide personal information to Partnerize through other channels such as by email, telephone and direct communications.
If you submit information of other individuals to Partnerize through the Services, you must be legally permitted to share that personal information with Partnerize.
Data Collection – Consumers
Partnerize provides software and services that help advertisers find publisher partners to display their advertisements, and help advertisers compensate those publishers when a consumer clicks on one of those advertisements and then engages with the advertiser’s website. In order to enable this, Partnerize records a consumer’s journey from a publisher website to an advertiser website. In this process, Partnerize may record end consumer’s IP addresses, browser information, device and operating system information and/or cookie information. Partnerize also collects limited transactional information from the advertiser relating to subsequent engagement with that advertiser’s website, such as a product purchase. We collect this information to provide client support, invoicing and payment services, fraud detection, system maintenance and to develop additional functionality. We do not collect or record personally identifying information such as names, contact information, shipping information, payment card numbers or usernames from end consumers, nor do we use information from these transactions for our own direct marketing purposes. If you are a consumer, you should review the privacy policies of the advertiser websites to better understand what information is collected on those websites.
Partnerize’s BrandVerity solution provides brand monitoring services. These services do not involve the collection or handling of personally identifying information relating to consumers.
Data Collection – Third Party Services
The websites that link to this Statement may contain links to websites owned and operated by unaffiliated third parties. These unaffiliated third-party websites may collect information about you under their own privacy notices and terms of service. Partnerize does not control, and is not responsible for, the practices of those third parties.
2. Summary
Personal Information We Collect and Sources from Which We Collect It
Categories of Third Parties with Whom Your Information is Shared
Rights of Users Located in the United Kingdom and Europe
Rights of California Consumers
Cross Border Transfers
How Long We Will Retain Your Information
Cookies and Other Web Technologies
Security of Information
Children’s Information
Changes to This Statement
Contacting Us About This Statement
Personal Information We Collect and Sources from Which We Collect It
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Sources of Information
Business Purpose or Commercial Purpose
Legal Basis of Processing
Identifiers, including name, email address, phone number, mobile number, job title and role, company name, country location, user name and password, IP address and online identifiers
Visitors to the Websites of Partnerize and its subsidiary companies
When provided as part of the process to register to use our Services
Through web forms on our Websites to request information including for e-books, whitepapers or blog subscriptions
From advertisers using our Services with whom you do business
Business intelligence suppliers
For the commercial purposes of marketing our Services to potential publishers and advertisers and their agencies, and for registering publishers to our Services
Our legitimate interest in marketing our Services
With your consent when you have provided affirmative consent to the collection and use to receive direct marketing communications, e-books, whitepapers or subscriptions
To perform the contracts under which we provide the Services when you have registered to use our Services
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information about a Website visitor’s interaction with the Website or an advertiser’s, consumer’s or publisher’s interaction with the Services, including IP and browsing history
Notification preferences saved in the Services
Visitors to the Websites of Partnerize and its subsidiary companies
Publishers and representatives of advertisers registered with the Services
Consumers who click on an advertiser’s link or otherwise interact with such links
For the business purpose of operating the Services of Partnerize and its subsidiary companies and ensuring and optimizing their performance
For the commercial purpose of providing the Services
Our legitimate interest in operating our Services and ensuring their performance
To perform the contracts under which we provide the Services when you have registered to use our Services
Commercial information, such as recording the fact that a consumer has clicked on an advertiser’s link and/or made a purchase.
Consumers who click on an advertiser’s link or otherwise interact with such links
For the business purpose of operating the Services of Partnerize and its subsidiary companies and ensuring and optimizing their performance
Our legitimate interest in marketing our Services
To perform the contracts under which we provide the Services when you have registered to use our Services
Professional or employment related information including name, physical address, email address, phone number, mobile number, CV/resume information, LinkedIn profile URL, visa status
Job applicants through the Careers page of www.partnerize.com or through other means
We may receive your CV from recruitment agencies where you have consented to have it shared with us
For the business purpose of engaging our workforce
Our legitimate interest in engaging our workforce and vetting applicants for positions with Partnerize
Bank Account number and routing number, or email address used with PayPal (when used with a personal bank account or PayPal account)**
You provide to us through the Platform settings
For the business purpose of making commission payments to registered publishers or to collect payments from our clients
To perform the contracts under which we provide the Services when you have registered to use our Platforms
*When you visit our Websites, we log information about your visit, even if you have not created an account with Partnerize. This includes information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, searches you conduct on our Website, device information and cookie information. We use this log information to operate our Services and ensure their performance. For more detail, see our
Cookie Policy
which includes information on how to control or opt out of cookies and tracking technologies.
**For customers that purchase the BrandVerity solution, Partnerize may permit the collection of payments by credit card through a payment processor. In this case, Partnerize may also obtain credit card numbers through such payment processors for the purpose of collecting payments from these customers.
4. Categories of Third Parties with Whom Your Information is Shared
We share personal information with the following categories of third parties:
With our affiliates for the purpose of operating and marketing our Services;
If you have registered as a publisher partner, with individuals and companies with whom you have a business relationship on our Platforms, or who may be interested in having a business relationship with you. For example, if you run a publisher website, we may disclose your information to advertisers whose products or services you may wish to promote using our technology;
With our service providers that provide services for us to help us host and operate our Services, and that help us understand the use of our Services, such as analytics providers. Sharing with service providers and contractors is subject to appropriate written obligations of confidentiality and security obligations, and we authorize our service providers to use personal information only to provide services to us under our instructions;
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process;
When disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, in such case you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Websites of any change in ownership or uses of your information, as well as any choices you have regarding your information; or
With other third parties, when we have your prior consent to do so.
5. Rights of Users Located in the United Kingdom and Europe
Under the data protection laws applicable in the United Kingdom, the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland, you have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct information that we hold about you if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure – in certain circumstances you can ask for the information we hold about you to be deleted from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply you have a right to prevent any further processing of your information without it being deleted.
Right of portability – in certain circumstances, you have the right to receive the information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to have that information transmitted to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to our processing of your information where this is processing is based on our own or others’ legitimate interests, or where your information is used for direct marketing or for research or statistical purposes.
Rights in relation to automated decision making, including profiling – you also have the right not to have significant decisions made about you based entirely on automated processing (e.g. by a computer). Significant decisions are those that have legal or similarly significant implications for you. We do not currently undertake any such automated processing.
Right to withdraw any consent you have given to us at any time – this will not affect the lawfulness of our use based on consent before you withdrew it.
Right to complain to the data protection authority in your region.
You may submit a request to exercise the rights described in this section by completing this
form
or by calling us at +44 0191 249 9000.
6. Rights of California Consumers
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use and sharing of personal information as well as rights to access and delete certain personal information collected about them. You or your authorized agent may submit a request to exercise the rights described in this section by completing this
form
or by calling us at
(877) 796-5700
. In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require that you provide additional information to verify your identity.
The section of this Statement titled “Personal Information We Collect and Sources,” which describes the categories of personal information we collect and the categories of sources from which we collect it, describes the types of personal information we have collected about California consumers in the past 12 months
.
You have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories of personal information and specific pieces of information we have collected about you. You also have the right to request that we delete your personal information.
You have the right to exercise the rights listed above free of charge or penalty, but we may limit the number of requests you make or charge reasonable fees as legally permitted for requests that are excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of any of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. Partnerize will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
You may designate an authorized agent to exercise some of your rights; however, in order to help protect the security of your personal information, the authorized agent must follow our authentication procedures that are required to exercise your rights using an agent.Partnerize will verify requests made through authorized agents to help ensure the safety of your personal information and to comply with our policies and procedures.” All verification procedures will depend upon the nature of the request and the information we possess.
Partnerize does not “sell” personal information as the term is traditionally understood. Specifically, we do not provide personal information to data brokers or third parties for their own marketing purposes in exchange for money.” As defined by California law, Partnerize may “sell” personal information only to the extent that our use of marketing and analytics cookies on our Websites may qualify as such a sale.” In the past 12 months, through such marketing and analytics cookies, Partnerize has disclosed online identifiers (such as IP address and cookie identifiers) and Internet or other electronic network activity information to third-party marketing and analytics providers.” As defined by California law, Partnerize does not sell personal information obtained from the registration for or use of our Platforms, nor do we sell personal information obtained from end consumers who interact with an advertisement placed through our Platforms.
California consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information.” You can opt out through the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” button on the cookie consent banner at the bottom of the Partnerize webpage or by updating your consent on our
Cookie Policy
page.
We do not sell the personal information of consumers under the age of 16 if we have actual knowledge of the individual’s age.
“Do Not Track” Signals
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that you may set in certain browsers or may be preset in certain instances. Partnerize.com and Pepperjam.com do not currently honor Do Not Track signals sent by browsers or otherwise included through third party intermediaries. BrandVerity.com recognizes automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include Do Not Track instructions.
7. Cross Border Transfers
In order to use our Websites and Platforms, you authorize Partnerize to transfer your personal information across national borders and to other countries where Partnerize operates, including the United States. The privacy protections and rights of authorities to access your information in these countries may not be equivalent to those in your country. We will only transfer your personal information to these countries where permitted to do so by law and we will take steps intended to ensure that your personal information continues to receive appropriate protections. When we transfer your personal information from the EEA, Switzerland or the United Kingdom to a country that is not within the EEA, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, and is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, we rely either on contracts incorporating approved standard contractual clauses or on your consent, depending on the circumstances. We will provide a copy of these contracts if you make a request to the contact e-mail provided at the end of this Statement.
8. How Long We Will Retain Your Information
We will retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
9. Cookies and Other Web Technologies
A cookie is a small text file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. We or our service providers may also place embedded scripts and other tracking technologies like clear gifs (sometimes called “web beacons,” “tracking pixels” or “tags”), which are pieces of code that can be embedded on websites and into e-mails. These can be used to learn how you interact with that website, what you have clicked on, or whether you have opened e-mails we have sent to you. We also use cookies and other web technologies to deliver site ads to visitors after they leave our Websites, via retargeting. You may be able to decline cookies through the settings of the internet browsers you use. However, if you decline cookies some of the features and functionality of our Services may not work properly. More information about the cookies used on this Website, and how to you can turn off cookies or consent to them, is available in our
Cookie Policy
.
10. Security of Information
We have implemented commercially reasonable security measures, including physical, electronic and administrative safeguards, to prevent the unauthorized access to, loss, misuse or alteration of the information collected through our Services.
11. Children's Information
Our Services are not directed at children. If you are under the age of 16, please do not provide any personal information through our Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that any information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete the information.
12. Changes to This Statement
This Statement may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit information to any of our Websites. The date of the most recent update to this Statement appears at the top of this page.
13. Contacting Us About This Statement
If you have any questions or comments about this Statement, you may contact us at: Performance Horizon Group Limited t/a Partnerize, 6th Floor, West One, Forth Banks, Newcastle upon Tyne NE1 3PA, United Kingdom, Attn: Legal Department.
Tel: +44 0191 249 9000
Email:
legal.support@partnerize.com
Search
Search
Sub-policy 16
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Reddit Privacy Policy
We value your privacy
Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform.
              For more information, please see our
Cookie Notice
and our
Privacy Policy
.
Reddit Privacy Policy
All
User Agreement
Reddit Privacy Policy
Reddit Rules
Moderator Code of Conduct
Cookie Notice
Econ Terms
Previews Terms of Use
Creator Terms
Developer Terms
Data API Terms
Embeds Terms of Use
Responsible Disclosure / Bug Bounty Program
Trademark Use Policy
Transparency
Guidelines for Law Enforcement
Reddit's Anti-Slavery And Human Trafficking Statement
Earn Policy
Earn Terms
English (US)
Deutsch
English (US)
Español (ES)
Español (MX)
Français (FR)
Dutch (NL)
Italiano
Polski
Português (BR)
Português (PT)
Svenska (SE)
हिंदी
বাংলা
Filipino
ไทย
Revisions
August 16, 2024
February 15, 2024
July 31, 2023
November 15, 2022
September 12, 2021
October 15, 2020
January 10, 2020
June 8, 2018
December 12, 2017
Reddit Privacy Policy
Effective: August 16, 2024. Last Revised: August 16, 2024.
Introduction
At Reddit, we believe that privacy is a right. We want to empower our users to be the masters
      of their identity. In this privacy policy, we want to help you understand how and why Reddit
      (“Reddit,“ “we“ or “us”) collects, uses, and shares information about you when you use our
      websites, mobile apps, widgets, APIs, emails, and other online products and services
      (collectively, the “Services“) or when you otherwise interact with us or receive a
      communication from us.
We want this privacy policy to empower you to make better choices about how you use Reddit.
      We'd love for you to read the whole policy, but if you don't, here is the TL;DR:
Reddit is a public platform.
Reddit is a public platform. Our communities are largely public and anyone can see your
      profile, posts, and comments.
We collect minimal information about you.
We collect minimal information that can be used to identify you by default. If you want to
      just browse, you don't need an account. If you want to create an account to participate in a
      subreddit, we don't require you to give us your real name. We don't track your precise
      location. You can even browse
anonymously
. You can share as much or as little about yourself as you want when using Reddit.
We only use data to make Reddit a better place.
Any data we collect is used primarily to provide our Services, which are focused on allowing
      people to come together and form communities. We don't sell your personal data to third
      parties, and we never work with data brokers.
All of our users get privacy rights - not just those in select countries.
Privacy rights are for everyone. At Reddit, anyone can request a copy of their data, account
      deletion, or information about our policies.
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask.
We've tried our best to make this as easy to understand as possible but sometimes privacy
      policies are still confusing. If you need help understanding this policy or anything about
      Reddit,
just ask
.
Reddit Is a Public Platform
Much of the information on the Services is public and accessible to everyone, even without an
    account. By using the Services, you are directing us to share this information publicly and
    freely.
When you submit content (e.g., a post, comment, or chat message) to a public part of the
    Services, any visitors to and users of our Services will be able to see that content, the
    username associated with the content, and the date and time you originally submitted the
    content. That content and information may also be available in search results on Internet search
    engines like Google or in responses provided by an AI chatbot like OpenAI’s ChatGPT. You should
    take the public nature of the Services into consideration before posting.
Your Reddit account has a profile page that is public. Your profile contains information about
    your activities on the Services, such as your username, prior posts and comments, karma,
    trophies received, profile display name, about section, and social links, avatar or profile
    image, moderator, contributor, and Reddit Premium status, communities you are active in, and how
    long you have been a member of the Services (your cake day).
We offer social sharing features that let you share content or actions you take on our Services
    with other media. Your use of these features enables the sharing of certain information with
    your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that
    provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data
    collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy
    policies of the third parties that provide these social sharing features (e.g.,
Tumblr
,
Facebook
, and
X
).
Reddit allows moderators to access Reddit content using moderator bots and tools. Reddit also
    allows other third parties to access public Reddit content using Reddit’s developer services,
    including Reddit Embeds, our APIs, Developer Platform, and similar technologies. We limit
    third-party access to this content and require third parties to pay licensing fees for access to
    larger quantities of content. Reddit’s
Developer Terms
are our
    standard terms governing how these services are used by third parties. Please review our public
    content policy
here
for more information about how your public content is publicly available and accessible to
    anyone with access to the internet.
What Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide to us directly when you use the Services.
                      This includes:
Account information
You don't need an account to use Reddit. If you create a Reddit account,
                        your account will have a username, which you provide or which is
                        automatically generated. Your username is public, and it doesn't have to be
                        related to your real name. You may need to provide a password, depending on
                        whether you register using an email address, Single Sign-On (SSO) feature
                        (such as Apple or Google), or phone number. If your account does not have a
                        password, we may send you a SMS message for verification purposes. We may
                        also ask you to select interests during account creation (for example,
                        history, nature, sports) to help generate a home feed for you, or to select
                        communities (such as, r/technology) to join.
When you use Reddit, you may also provide other information, such as a bio,
                        gender, age, location, profile picture, or social link. This information is
                        optional and may be removed at any time.
We also store your user account preferences and settings. We may ask for
                        such information prior to you creating a username or account to help improve
                        your experience exploring Reddit.
Non-Public Content You Submit
In addition to the public content you submit to the Services, we also
                        collect non-public content. This includes your saved drafts of posts or
                        comments, your messages with other users (such as private messages, chats,
                        and modmail), and your reports and other communications with moderators and
                        with us. Your content may include text, links, images, gifs, audio, videos,
                        software, and tools.
Actions you take
We collect information about the actions you take when using the Services.
                        This includes your interactions with the platform and content, like voting,
                        saving, hiding, and reporting. It also includes your interactions with other
                        users, such as following, and blocking. We collect your interactions with
                        communities, like your subscriptions or moderator status.
Transactional information
If you purchase products or services from us or otherwise through the
                        Services, you will have to provide payment information in order to complete
                        your purchase. Reddit uses industry-standard payment processor services
                        (such as Stripe) to handle payment information, and those services are
                        subject to separate terms and conditions and privacy policies. We will
                        collect information about the product or service you are purchasing (for
                        example, purchase dates, amounts paid or received, and expiration and
                        renewal dates).
We may also collect public blockchain data and addresses, such as when you
                        purchase or create a Collectible Avatar, receive or mint an NFT, or create a
                        Reddit Vault. However, we never store Reddit Vault private key information.
Other information
You may choose to provide other information directly to us. For example, we
                        may collect information when you fill out a form, survey, participate in
                        Reddit-sponsored activities, promotions, or programs, apply for a job,
                        request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
Information We Collect Automatically
When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect
                      information about you. This includes:
Log and usage data
We may log information when you access and use the Services. This may
                        include your IP address, user-agent string, browser type, operating system,
                        referral URLs, device information (such as device IDs), device settings,
                        mobile carrier name, pages visited, links clicked, the requested URL, and
                        search terms. Except for the IP address used to create your account, Reddit
                        will delete any IP addresses collected after 100 days.
Information collected from cookies and similar technologies
We may receive information from cookies, which are pieces of data your
                        browser stores and sends back to us when making requests, and similar
                        technologies. We use this information to deliver and maintain our Services,
                        improve your experience, understand user activity, personalize content and
                        advertisements, measure the effectiveness of advertising, and improve the
                        quality of our Services. For example, we store and retrieve information
                        about your preferred language and other settings. See our
Cookie Notice
for more
                        information about how Reddit uses cookies. For more information on how you
                        can disable cookies, please see “Your Choices” below.
Location information
We may receive and process information about your location. We may receive
                        location information from you when you choose to share such information on
                        our Services, including via the Location Customization setting or by
                        associating your content with a location, or we may derive an approximate
                        location based on your IP address.
Information Collected from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other
                      users and third parties, and combine that information with the other
                      information we have about you. For example, we may receive demographic or
                      interest information about you from third parties, including advertisers (such
                      as the fact that an advertiser is interested in showing you an ad), and
                      combine it with data you have provided to Reddit, using a common account
                      identifier such as a hash of an email address or a mobile-device ID. You can
                      control how we use this information to personalize advertisements for you by
                      visiting the User Settings menu in your account, as described in the section
                      titled “Your Rights and Choices” below.
Linked services
If you authorize or link a third-party service, such as an unofficial mobile
                        app client, to access your Reddit account, Reddit receives information about
                        your use of that service when it uses that authorization. Linking services
                        may also cause the other service to send us information about your account
                        with that service. For example, if you sign in to Reddit with a third-party
                        identity provider, that provider may share an email address with us. To
                        learn how information is shared with linked services, see “How Information
                        About You Is Shared” below.
Information collected from integrations
We also may receive information about you, including log and usage data and
                        cookie information, from third-party sites that integrate our Services,
                        including our embeds and advertising technology. For example, when you visit
                        a site that uses
Reddit embeds
,
                        we may receive information about the web page you visited. Similarly, if an
                        advertiser incorporates Reddit’s ad technology, Reddit may receive limited
                        information about your activity on the advertiser’s site or app, such as
                        whether you bought something from the advertiser. You can control how we use
                        this information to personalize the Services for you as described in “Your
                        Choices - Controlling Advertising and Analytics” below.
Information Collected by Third Parties
Embedded content
Reddit displays some linked content in-line on the Services via embeds. For
                        example, Reddit posts that link to YouTube or X may load the linked video or
                        tweet within Reddit directly from those services to your device so you don't
                        have to leave Reddit to see it. In general, Reddit does not control how
                        third-party services collect data when they serve you their content directly
                        via these embeds. As a result, embedded content is not covered by this
                        privacy policy but by the policies of the service from which the content is
                        embedded.
Audience measurement
We partner with service providers that perform audience measurement to learn
                        demographic information about the population that uses Reddit. To provide
                        this demographic information, these companies collect cookie information to
                        recognize your device.
Information Collected from Advertisers and Potential Advertisers
Information Collected from Advertisers and Potential Advertisers If you use
                      Reddit Ads (Reddit’s self-serve ads platform at ads.reddit.com), on behalf of
                      your business or organization, we collect some additional information. To sign
                      up for Reddit Ads, you must provide your name, email address, and information
                      about your company. Reddit may make information about your company public to
                      comply with applicable law. If you purchase advertising services, you will
                      need to provide transactional information as described above, and we may also
                      require additional documentation to verify your identity. When using Reddit
                      Ads, we may record a session replay of your visit for customer service,
                      troubleshooting, and usability research purposes.
Information Collected from Reddit Pro Users
If you sign up for Reddit Pro, on behalf of yourself, your business or
                      organization, we may collect some additional information from you, including
                      your profile type, name, industry category, website, and organization size, if
                      applicable. If you request certain limited Reddit Pro features, we may request
                      additional documentation to verify your identity.
Information Collected from Reddit Program Participants and Potential
                        Participants
If you sign up to participate in a Reddit Program (for example, our
                      Contributor Program), we collect, directly or indirectly through our
                      providers, some additional information from you (such as your name, date of
                      birth, address, email, tax, government ID, and payment information). This
                      additional information is used and shared with our third-party payment and
                      compliance providers to determine your eligibility to participate in the
                      applicable Reddit Program, facilitate payments, and comply with law. Those
                      providers and their services are subject to separate terms and conditions and
                      privacy policies.
How We Use Information
We use information about you to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Services;
Personalize services, content, and features that match your activities, preferences, and
      settings;
Help protect the safety of Reddit and our users, which includes blocking suspected spammers,
      addressing abuse, and enforcing the Reddit User Agreement and our
other terms and policies
, as well as comply
      with applicable law;
Provide, optimize, target, and measure the effectiveness of ads shown on our Services;
Research and develop new services;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, invoices, and other support and
      administrative messages;
Provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, events, and programs, and
      provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about
      how to opt out of these communications, see “Your Choices” below); and
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services.
How We Share Information
In addition to the content that is displayed publicly as described above, we may share
    information in the following ways:
With your consent
. We may share information about you with your consent or at your
      direction. For example, at your direction through social sharing features that allow you to
      share content with third party sites like Tumblr and X.
With linked services
. If you link your Reddit account with a third-party service,
      Reddit will share the information you authorize with that third-party service. You can control
      this sharing as described in "Your Rights and Choices" below.
With our service providers
. We may share information with vendors, consultants, and
      other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work for us. Their
      use of personal data will be subject to appropriate confidentiality and security measures. A
      few examples: (i) payment processors who process transactions on our behalf, (ii) cloud
      providers who host our data and our services, (iii) third-party ads measurement providers who
      help us and advertisers measure the performance of ads shown on our Services, and (iv)
      compliance providers who help us determine your eligibility to participate in Reddit Programs.
To comply with the law
. We may share information if we believe disclosure is in
      accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or
      governmental request, including, but not limited to, meeting national security or law
      enforcement requirements. To the extent the law allows it, we will attempt to provide you with
      prior notice before disclosing your information in response to such a request. Our
Transparency Report
has
      additional information about how we respond to government requests.
In an emergency
. We may share information if we believe it's necessary to prevent
      imminent and serious bodily harm to a person.
To enforce our rights and promote safety and security
. We may share information if we
      believe your actions are inconsistent with our User Agreement,
rules
, or
other Reddit terms and policies
, or to
      protect the rights, property, and safety of the Services, ourselves, and others.
With our affiliates
. We may share information between and among Reddit, and any of
      our parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership.
Aggregated or de-identified information
. We may share information about you that has
      been aggregated or anonymized such that it cannot reasonably be used to identify you. For
      example, we may show the total number of times a post has been upvoted without identifying who
      the visitors were, or we may tell an advertiser how many people saw their ad.
How We Protect Your Information
We take measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and
        unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. For example, we use HTTPS
        while information is being transmitted. We also enforce technical and administrative access
        controls to limit which of our employees have access to non-public personal information.
You can help maintain the security of your account by configuring
two-factor authentication
.
We store the information we collect for as long as it is necessary for the purpose(s) for
        which we originally collected it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business
        purposes and/or if we believe doing so is in accordance with, or as required by, any
        applicable law. For example, if you violate our policies and your account is suspended or
        banned, we may store the identifiers used to create the account (such as phone number) to
        prevent you from creating new accounts.
Your Rights and Choices
You have choices about how to protect and limit the collection, use, and sharing of
        information about you when you use the Services. Depending on where you live, you may also
        have the right to correction/rectification of your personal information, to opt out of
        certain advertising practices, or to withdraw consent for processing where you have
        previously provided consent. Below we explain how to exercise each of these rights. Reddit
        does not discriminate against users for exercising their rights under data protection laws.
Accessing and Changing Your Information
You can access your information and change or correct certain information
                          through the Services. See our
Help Center
page for more information. You can also request a copy of the personal
                          information Reddit maintains about you by following the process described
here
.
Deleting Your Account
You may delete your account information at any time from the user
                          preferences page. For more information, please visit our
Help Center
. When you delete your account, your profile is no longer visible to
                          other users and disassociated from content you posted under that account.
                          Please note, however, that the posts, comments, and messages you submitted
                          prior to deleting your account will still be visible to others unless you
                          first delete the specific content. After you submit a request to delete
                          your account, our purge script commences the deletion process within 90
                          days. After running our purge script, Reddit will not be able to provide
                          access to deleted data. We may also retain certain information about you
                          for legitimate business purposes and/or if we believe doing so is in
                          accordance with, or as required by, any applicable law.
Controlling Linked Services' Access to Your Account
You can review the services you have permitted to access your account and
                          revoke access to individual services by visiting your account’s
Apps page
(for third-party
                          app authorizations), the Connected Accounts section of your
Account Settings
(for Google
                          Sign-In, Sign in with Apple, and connected X accounts), and the Social
                          links section of your
Profile Settings
.
Controlling Personalized Advertising
You may opt out of us using information we collect from third parties,
                          including advertising partners, to personalize the ads you see on Reddit.
                          To do so, visit the Privacy section of the User Settings in your account
here
, if using
                          desktop, and in your Account Settings if using the Reddit mobile app.
Controlling the Use of Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you
                          can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject first- and
                          third-party cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject
                          cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our
                          Services. For more information on controlling how cookies and similar
                          technologies are used on Reddit, see our
Cookie Notice
.
Controlling Advertising and Analytics
Some analytics providers we partner with may provide specific opt-out
                          mechanisms and we may provide, as needed and as available, additional
                          tools and third-party services that allow you to better understand cookies
                          and how you can opt out. For example, you may manage the use and
                          collection of certain information by
Google Analytics
via the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
. You can opt out of the Audience Measurement services provided by
Nielsen
and
Quantcast
.
You may also generally opt out of receiving personalized advertisements
                          from certain third-party advertisers and ad networks. To learn more about
                          these advertisements or to opt out, please visit the sites of the
Digital Advertising Alliance
and the
Network Advertising Initiative
, or if you are a user in the European Economic Area,
Your Online Choices
.
Do Not Track
Most modern web browsers give you the option to send a Do Not Track signal
                          to the sites you visit, indicating that you do not wish to be tracked.
                          However, there is no accepted standard for how a site should respond to
                          this signal, and we do not take any action in response to this signal.
                          Instead, in addition to publicly available third-party tools, we offer you
                          the choices described in this policy to manage the collection and use of
                          information about you.
Controlling Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving some or all categories of promotional
                          communications from us by following the instructions in those
                          communications or by updating your email options in your account
                          preferences
here
. If you opt
                          out of promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional
                          communications, such as information about your account or your use of the
                          Services.
Controlling Mobile Notifications
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push
                          notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these
                          messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile
                          device.
Controlling Location Information
You can control how we use location information for feed and
                          recommendations customization via the
Location Customization
setting in your Account Settings.
If you have questions or are not able to submit a request to exercise your rights using
          the mechanisms above, you may also email us at
redditdatarequests@reddit.com
from the
          email address that you have verified with your Reddit account, or submit them
here
.
Before we process a request from you about your personal information, we need to verify
          the request via your access to your Reddit account or to a verified email address
          associated with your Reddit account. If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision
          by contacting us at
redditdatarequests@reddit.com
.
International Data Transfers
Reddit, Inc. is based in the United States and we process and store information on servers
      located in the United States. We may store information on servers and equipment in other
      countries depending on a variety of factors, including the locations of our users and service
      providers. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you
      consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of information in and to the United States
      and other countries, where you may not have the same rights as you do under local law.
When we transfer the personal data of users in the EEA, UK and/or Switzerland, we rely on the
      Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission for such transfers or other
      transfer mechanisms deemed ‘adequate’ under applicable laws.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks Disclosure
Reddit complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to
      the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by
      the U.S. Department of Commerce. Reddit has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that
      it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with
      regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United
      Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Reddit has
      certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy
      Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal
      data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict
      between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S.
      DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework
      (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Reddit’s compliance with the DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the
      U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In accordance with the DPF, Reddit is also liable for onward
      transfers to third parties that process personal information in a way that does not follow the
      DPF unless Reddit was not responsible for the event giving rise to any alleged damage.
In some situations, the DPF Framework gives you the right to invoke binding arbitration. You
      can do this to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in Annex I to the
      DPF
framework
. In compliance
      with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S.
DPF
, Reddit commits to
      refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on
      the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an
      alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive
      timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not
      addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to
      you.
Additional Information for EEA and UK Users
If you live in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Reddit Netherlands B.V., is the controller
      of information processed in connection with the Reddit platform and this policy. If you live
      in the United Kingdom (“UK”), Reddit, Inc., is the data controller and Reddit UK Limited is
      Reddit’s UK GDPR Article 27 Representative.
Users in the EEA and UK have the right to request access to, rectification of, or erasure of
      their personal data; to data portability in certain circumstances; to request restriction of
      processing; to object to processing; and to withdraw consent for processing where they have
      previously provided consent. These rights can be exercised as described in the “Your Rights
      and Choices section above. EEA users also have the right to lodge a complaint with their local
      supervisory authority.
As required by applicable law, we collect and process information about individuals in the EEA
      and UK only where we have a legal basis for doing so. Our legal bases depend on the Services
      you use and how you use them. We process your information where:
It is necessary to fulfill our contract with you, including
to provide, operate, and improve the Services, provide customer support, personalize
        features and to protect the safety and security of the Services;
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection
        interests), such as preventing fraud, ensuring network and information security, enforcing
        our rules and policies, protecting our legal rights and interests, research and development,
        personalizing the Services, and marketing and promoting the Services;
You have consented for us to do so for a specific purpose; or
We need to process your information to comply with our legal obligations.
Additional Information for California Users
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), as amended, requires us to provide California
      residents with some additional information, which we address in this section.
In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information from
      California residents, depending on the Services used:
Identifiers and account information, like your Reddit username, email address, phone number,
        IP address, and cookie information.
Commercial information, including information about transactions you undertake with us.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information about your
        activity on our Services and limited information about your activity on the services of
        advertisers who use our advertising technology.
Geolocation information based on your IP address.
Your messages with other users (for example, private messages, chats, and modmail).
Audiovisual information in pictures, audio, or video content submitted to Reddit.
Professional or employment-related information or demographic information, but only if you
        explicitly provide it to us, such as by applying for a job or filling out a survey.
Inferences we make based on other collected data, for purposes such as recommending content,
        advertising, and analytics.
You can find more information about (a) what we collect and sources of that information in the
      “Information We Collect” section of this notice, (b) the business and commercial purposes for
      collecting that information in the “How We Use Your Information” section, and (c) the
      categories of third parties with whom we share that information in the “How We Share
      Information” section.
If you are a California resident, you have additional rights under the CCPA, including the
      right to opt out of any sales or sharing of your personal information, to request access to
      and information about our data practices, and to request deletion or correction of your
      personal information, as well as the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your
      privacy rights. Reddit does not “sell” or “share” personal information as those terms are
      defined under the CCPA. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information except to
      provide you the Services or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA.
You may exercise your rights to access, delete, or correct your personal information as
      described in the “Your Rights and Choices” section of this notice. When you make a request, we
      will verify your identity by asking you to sign into your account or if necessary by
      requesting additional information from you. You may also make a rights request using an
      authorized agent. If you submit a rights request from an authorized agent who does not provide
      a valid power of attorney, we may ask the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave the
      agent signed permission to submit the request to exercise rights on your behalf. In the
      absence of a valid power of attorney, we may also require you to verify your own identity
      directly with us or confirm to us that you otherwise provided the authorized agent permission
      to submit the request. If you have any questions or concerns, you may reach us using the
      methods described under “Your Rights and Choices” or by emailing us at
redditdatarequests@reddit.com
.
Children
Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to create an account or otherwise use the
      Services. Additionally, if you are located outside the United States, you must be over the age
      required by the laws of your country to create an account or otherwise use the Services, or we
      need to have obtained verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian.
Changes to This Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will let you know by
      revising the date at the top of the policy. If the changes, in our sole discretion, are
      material, we may also notify you by sending an email to the address associated with your
      account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing notice
      through our Services. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed
      about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. By continuing
      to use our Services after Privacy Policy changes go into effect, you agree to be bound by the
      revised policy.
Contact Us
If you have other questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Reddit, Inc.
548 Market St. #16093
San Francisco, California 94104
For email inquiries, you may reach our Data Protection Office at
dpo@reddit.com
.
Users in the European Economic Area may contact us at:
Reddit Netherlands B.V.
Euro Business Center
Keizersgracht 62, 1015CS Amsterdam
Netherlands
dpo@reddit.com
United Kingdom Users may contact us at:
Reddit UK Limited,
5 New Street Square,
London, United Kingdom,
EC4A 3TW
ukrepresentative@reddit.com
Sub-policy 17
https://snap.com/nl-NL/privacy/privacy-policy:
Privacy
Privacy
Privacycentrum
Privacyprincipes
Privacy per product
Privacybeleid
Tieners op Snapchat
Snap en advertenties
Privacy via beveiliging
We hebben ons Privacybeleid bijgewerkt en het gaat in op 7 april 2025. Het vorige Privacybeleid, dat tot 7 april 2025 van toepassing is op alle gebruikers, kun je
hier
bekijken.
Privacybeleid
Met ingang van: 7 april 2025
Welkom bij het Privacybeleid van
Snap Inc.
In dit beleid wordt uitgelegd hoe we je gegevens verzamelen en gebruiken en hoe je je gegevens kunt beheren. Wil je een kort overzicht van wat we aan privacy doen? Bekijk deze
pagina
of deze
video
. Voor specifieke informatie over de privacy van producten, zoals hoe we je Chats en Snaps verwerken, kun je terecht op onze
Privacy per product
-pagina. Naast deze documenten tonen we ook meldingen in de app met extra informatie over onze producten en diensten. Als je een Spectacles-gebruiker bent, kun je in het
Aanvullend Privacybeleid van Spectacles
meer lezen over hoe we jouw gegevens verzamelen en gebruiken.
Transparantie is een van onze kernwaarden bij Snap. We geloven dat er geen verrassingen horen te zijn als het om de gegevens gaat die we verzamelen en hoe we die gebruiken. Daarom vertellen we vooraf hoe we deze gegevens verwerken. We verwerken je gegevens bijvoorbeeld om je een beter gepersonaliseerde ervaring te geven. Daarbij hoort dat we je content en informatie laten zien die het best past bij je ervaring en ook advertenties die beter bij je passen. Door je interesses en voorkeuren te begrijpen, kunnen we je een betere productervaring bieden.
Maar we vinden ook dat een gepersonaliseerde ervaring niet ten koste mag gaan van je privacy. Net als in het echte leven zijn er momenten die je privé wilt delen met je beste vrienden en zijn er andere momenten waar iedereen van mag weten. Daarom hebben we al vanaf dag één de filosofie om content standaard te verwijderen, waarbij we Snapchatters zelf de controle in handen geven door ze de tools te bieden om te bepalen wat er met hun content gebeurd. Zij bepalen met wie ze content delen of wanneer ze content opslaan.
Dit beleid heeft betrekking op onze Snapchat-app en op onze andere producten, services en functies, zoals Bitmoji, Spectacles en onze advertentie- en commerciële initiatieven. Wanneer je in dit beleid 'services' leest, dan hebben we het over al onze services. Als je ziet dat we onze "Voorwaarden" noemen, dan bedoelen we de
Servicevoorwaarden
waarmee je akkoord gaat wanneer je je aanmeldt voor onze services. Tot slot, als je de term 'Snapchatter' ziet, gebruiken we die term meestal als afkorting voor een gebruiker van onze services.
Laten we beginnen met de controle die je hebt over je gegevens:
Zeggenschap over je gegevens
Controle over je gegevens en instellingen is een belangrijk onderdeel van de Snapchat-ervaring. Je kunt je gegevens inzien, wijzigen en verwijderen, bepalen wie contact met je kan opnemen en je gegevens downloaden vanuit de Snapchat-app. Hieronder vind je meer informatie over de soorten instellingen die beschikbaar zijn, een link naar onze tool voor het downloaden van gegevens en instructies over hoe je gegevens of je account kunt verwijderen.
We willen dat jij de zeggenschap houdt over je eigen gegevens. Daarom geven we je een reeks hulpmiddelen, zoals:
Inzien en updaten van je gegevens.
Je kunt de meeste van je basisaccountgegevens rechtstreeks in onze services bekijken en bewerken. Navigeer gewoon naar je instellingen en je ziet de opties die voor jou beschikbaar zijn.
Je gegevens verwijderen.
Als je je account wilt verwijderen, lees je
hier
hoe je dat doet. Je kunt ook sommige gegevens binnen onze services verwijderen, zoals content die je hebt opgeslagen in Herinneringen, content die je hebt gedeeld met My AI, Spotlight-inzendingen en meer.
Beheren wie je content kan zien.
We hebben een aantal tools gebouwd waarmee je kunt kiezen met wie je je content deelt. In sommige gevallen wil je misschien content delen met je vrienden, en in andere gevallen wil je deze misschien ook met het publiek delen. Kijk
hier
voor meer informatie.
Beheren wie contact met je kan opnemen.
Snapchat is bedoeld voor goede vrienden en familie. Daarom hebben we functies ingebouwd die je helpen beslissen wie contact met je kan opnemen. Als je ongewenste berichten ontvangt, kun je die persoon altijd
blokkeren
en
rapporteren
. Kijk
hier
om meer te weten te komen.
Je machtigingen wijzigen.
In de meeste gevallen kun je je machtigingen op elk moment wijzigen. Je bent bijvoorbeeld standaard vindbaar voor anderen via het telefoonnummer en/of e-mailadres dat je hebt opgegeven. Je kunt je instellingen op elk moment aanpassen als je niet langer vindbaar wilt zijn. Als je toegang hebt verleend tot de contacten op je telefoon of een extern platform om het toevoegen van vrienden makkelijker te maken, kun je dit later wijzigen in de app-instellingen. Als je dat doet, werken sommige functies en services, zoals het vinden van vrienden in je adresboek, natuurlijk niet.
Afmelden voor reclameberichten.
Je hebt de mogelijkheid om niet te kiezen of je af te melden voor reclamemails en berichten die worden verzonden via sms of andere berichtenplatforms. Volg hiervoor gewoon de instructies in het bericht, zoals een link voor afmelden of soortgelijke functionaliteit.
Je gegevens downloaden.
Je kunt via onze tool
Mijn gegevens downloaden
een verzoek indienen om een kopie van je Snapchat-gegevens te exporteren.
Bezwaar maken tegen verwerking.
Afhankelijk van waar je woont en de specifieke gegevens die we verwerken, heb je mogelijk het recht om bezwaar te maken tegen onze verwerking van die gegevens. Dit wordt een beetje technisch, dus we hebben het
hier
in meer detail uitgelegd.
Advertentievoorkeuren instellen.
We proberen je advertenties te laten zien waarvan we denken dat ze relevant zijn voor je interesses, maar als je een minder gepersonaliseerde ervaring wilt, kun je je advertentie-instellingen in de Snapchat-app wijzigen. Meer informatie
vind je hier
.
Tracking.
Als je een iPhone gebruikt met iOS 14.5 of hoger, zijn enkele specifieke vereisten van toepassing, die we
hier
hebben gespecificeerd.
Gegevens die we verzamelen
In dit gedeelte vind je informatie over welke gegevens we verzamelen: wat je aan ons verstrekt, wat we verzamelen wanneer je Snapchat gebruikt, en informatie die we ontvangen van andere bedrijven of apps die je hebt gekoppeld aan je Snapchat-account. Soms kunnen we ook aanvullende gegevens verzamelen, met jouw toestemming.
Wanneer je onze services gebruikt, zoals Snapchat, verzamelen we gegevens die je aan ons verstrekt, genereren we gegevens wanneer je onze services gebruikt en ontvangen we in sommige gevallen gegevens van anderen. Laten we deze in meer detail bekijken.
Gegevens die jij verstrekt
Voor veel van onze services moet je een account aanmaken. Daarbij vragen we je om
accountgegevens
te verstrekken (gegevens over jou, zoals je naam, gebruikersnaam, e-mailadres, geboortedatum en telefoonnummer). Wanneer je je profiel instelt, geef je ons ook
profielgegevens
(zoals je Bitmoji en profielafbeelding). Als je onze handelsproducten gebruikt om iets te kopen, zoals die nieuwste sneakers, kunnen we je om
betalingsgegevens en gerelateerde gegevens
vragen (zoals je fysieke adres, zodat we het product naar je kunnen verzenden, betalingsgegevens, zodat we de betaling en transactiegeschiedenis kunnen verwerken).
Je verstrekt ons natuurlijk ook informatie die je via onze diensten verzendt of opslaat, zoals content en informatie over die content en de content die je deelt en genereert met onze
AI-functies
(content, of 'Inputs', waaronder tekst, afbeeldingen, video, audio, exacte locatie en betrokkenheid, die wordt gebruikt om content en reacties, oftewel 'Outputs' te genereren). Een deel van deze gegevens beschouwen we
als privécontent en communicatie
(zoals Snaps en Chats met vrienden, spraak- en videogesprekken en content die is opgeslagen in Alleen voor mij). Of content die je deelt met een specifiek publiek, zoals
privéverhalen en verhalen voor vrienden
('Mijn Verhaal', alleen gedeeld met Vrienden, Privéverhalen). Aan de andere kant van het spectrum kan sommige gegevens die je via onze services stuurt of opslaat,
publieke inhoud
zijn die voor iedereen toegankelijk is (zoals content voor `je openbaar verhaal, inclusief Mijn Verhaal dat voor iedereen is ingesteld, Gedeelde Verhalen, en Communityverhalen, inzendingen van Spotlight of Snap Kaarten en informatie uit je Openbare Profiel). Houd er rekening mee dat Snapchatters die je Snaps, Chats en andere content bekijken, altijd die content kunnen bekijken, opslaan of kopiëren buiten de Snapchat-app. Stuur dus geen berichten of deel geen content waarvan je niet wilt dat iemand ze opslaat of deelt.
Tot slot, wanneer je
contact opneemt met ondersteuning
(content en communicatie gedeeld met de ondersteuning) of ons Veiligheidsteam of op een andere manier met ons communiceert, inclusief via onze
onderzoeksinspanningen
(zoals antwoorden op enquêtes, consumentenpanels of andere onderzoeksvragen), verzamelen we alle gegevens die je verstrekt of die we nodig hebben om je vraag op te lossen.
Gegevens die we aanmaken wanneer je onze services gebruikt
Bij het gebruik van onze services verzamelen we gegevens over wélke services je hebt gebruikt en hóe je ze hebt gebruikt. Zo krijgen we een beter inzicht in de manier waarop onze community onze services gebruikt, zodat we die verder kunnen verbeteren.
Dit omvat
gebruiksinformatie
(informatie over hoe je onze services gebruikt, bijvoorbeeld welke Lenzen je bekijkt en toepast, je premium-abonnementen, Verhalen die je bekijkt, en hoe vaak je contact hebt met andere Snapchatters) en
contentinformatie
(informatie over content die je maakt of deelt, je gebruik van de camera en creatieve tools, je interacties met My AI en metadata, zoals informatie over de content zelf, zoals de datum en tijd waarop deze is geplaatst en wie deze heeft bekeken).
Contentgegevens
omvatten gegevens op basis van de content van de afbeelding, video of audio. Dus als je een Spotlight van een basketbalwedstrijd plaatst, kunnen we die gegevens gebruiken om je op Spotlight meer content over basketbal te laten zien.
Dit omvat ook
apparaatgegevens
(zoals je hardware of software, besturingssysteem, apparaatgeheugen, advertentie-identificatoren, geïnstalleerde apps, browsertype, informatie van apparaatsensoren die de beweging van je apparaat of kompassen en microfoons meten, inclusief of je een hoofdtelefoon hebt aangesloten, en informatie over je draadloze en mobiele verbindingen),
locatiegegevens
(IP-adres),
gegevens die worden verzameld door cookies en soortgelijke technologieën
, afhankelijk van je instellingen (cookies,
pixels
(kleine grafische bestanden die de activiteit van gebruikers kunnen herkennen, zoals of en hoe vaak een gebruiker een website heeft bezocht), webopslag, unieke advertentie-id's) en
loggegevens
(zoals gegevens over hoe je onze diensten hebt gebruikt, toegangstijden, bekeken pagina's, IP-adres en unieke identificatoren zoals cookies).
Als je expliciet toestemmingen op apparaatniveau hebt verleend, kunnen
apparaatgegevens
ook gegevens bevatten over het
telefoonboek van je apparaat
(contacten en gerelateerde informatie), afbeeldingen en andere informatie van de
camera, foto's en microfoon
van je apparaat (zoals de mogelijkheid om foto's en video's te maken, opgeslagen foto's en video's te bekijken en toegang te krijgen tot de microfoon om audio op te nemen tijdens het opnemen van video), en
locatiegegevens
(precieze locatie met behulp van methoden zoals GPS-signalen).
Gegevens die we ontvangen van anderen
De laatste categorie gegevens die we verzamelen, zijn gegevens over jou die we mogelijk ontvangen van anderen, zoals andere gebruikers, onze
zusterbedrijven
en derden. Dit omvat
gekoppelde servicegegevens van derden
(gegevens die we krijgen wanneer je je Snapchat-account koppelt aan een andere service),
gegevens van adverteerders
(gegevens van adverteerders, app-ontwikkelaars, uitgevers en andere derden om de prestaties van advertenties te helpen targeten of te meten),
contactgegevens van andere Snapchatters of derden
(als een andere Snapchatter zijn of haar contactlijst uploadt die jouw gegevens bevat, kunnen we die combineren met andere gegevens die we over jou hebben, om beter te begrijpen met wie je mogelijk wilt communiceren. Of als je ons je contactgegevens verstrekt, kunnen we die gebruiken om vast te stellen of we op andere manieren met je kunnen communiceren, zoals sms, e-mail of andere berichtenservices) en
gegevens met betrekking tot mogelijke schendingen van onze Voorwaarden
(we kunnen gegevens ontvangen van derden, waaronder website-uitgevers, providers van sociale netwerken, wetshandhaving en anderen, over mogelijke schendingen van onze Servicevoorwaarden en Communityrichtlijnen).
Andere informatie, met jouw toestemming
Daarnaast kunnen er situaties zijn waarin we je toestemming vragen om aanvullende gegevens te verzamelen wanneer je onze diensten gebruikt. Bijvoorbeeld, voordat toegang wordt verkregen tot de fotogalerij op je apparaat of de contactenlijst op je apparaat of van een derde partij.
Hoe we gegevens gebruiken
In dit gedeelte wordt uitgelegd wat we doen met de gegevens die we verzamelen. We gebruiken de gegevens die we verzamelen onder andere om je gepersonaliseerde producten en diensten te bieden die we met veel toewijding ontwikkelen en verbeteren. Hieronder nemen we uitgebreid elk doel door waarvoor we gegevens gebruiken. Als je een overzicht wilt zien van de gegevens die we verzamelen met de doeleinden waarvoor we ze verzamelen, hebben we
hier
een tabel.
Alles goed laten werken (d.w.z. onze diensten laten werken, bieden en onderhouden)
We gebruiken de gegevens die we verzamelen om onze diensten te laten werken, te bieden en te onderhouden. Door bijvoorbeeld een Snap te laten zien die je naar een vriend wilt sturen of, als je je locatie op Snap Kaart deelt, om je suggesties te laten zien zoals plaatsen in je omgeving die je misschien leuk vindt, content die anderen op de kaart hebben geplaatst, of je vrienden als ze hun locatie met jou delen. We gebruiken sommige gegevens ook om onze producten up-to-date te houden, bijvoorbeeld om ervoor te zorgen dat onze diensten werken met de nieuwste besturingssystemen en apparaten.
Personaliseren van jouw ervaring en dingen in een perspectief plaatsen
We bieden gepersonaliseerde diensten aan Snapchatters aan. Een van de manieren waarop we dit doen, is door je content te laten zien die relevant is voor jou of waarvan we denken dat je deze leuk kunt vinden op basis van de informatie die je met ons deelt. Daarvoor gebruiken we gegevens over jou in verschillende gebieden van de diensten om context toe te voegen aan je Snapchat-ervaring. We taggen bijvoorbeeld automatisch content met labels op basis van de content, je locatie of het tijdstip van de dag. Dus als er een hond op de foto staat, is deze mogelijk doorzoekbaar in Herinneringen met de term 'hond', wordt weergegeven op de kaart op de locatie waar je de herinnering hebt gemaakt, en laat ons weten dat je dol bent op honden, zodat we je leuke hondenvideo's en advertenties voor hondenvoer kunnen laten zien op andere plaatsen in onze services, zoals Spotlight.
Door personalisatie kunnen we ook vrienden voorstellen of een nieuwe vriend aanbevelen naar wie je een Snap kunt sturen, op basis van met wie je het meest Snapt. We kunnen aanbevolen locaties tonen op de Snap Kaart, stickers genereren of zelfs Snaps en andere content maken met behulp van AI, je interesses afleiden uit je content of activiteit, en de content die we je tonen, inclusief advertenties, op jou afstemmen. Als je bijvoorbeeld barista-content op Spotlight bekijkt, met My AI praat over je favoriete espressoapparaat of veel koffiegerelateerde Snaps in je Herinneringen opslaat, kunnen we koffiewinkels uitlichten op de Snap Kaart wanneer je een nieuwe stad bezoekt, of je content laten zien over koffie die je mogelijk interessant of relevant vindt. Of als je veel muzieklocaties gebruikt, kunnen we die gebruiken om je advertenties te laten zien voor aankomende optredens in de buurt. Personalisatie betekent ook dat je ervaring wordt afgestemd op de mensen met wie je het meest omgaat en de activiteiten van je vrienden, zoals het tonen van content die je vrienden maken, liken of leuk vinden in Spotlight, of locaties die populair zijn bij je vrienden.
Ons doel is om je voortdurend te voorzien van meer relevante en interessante content.
Als je bijvoorbeeld veel sportcontent bekijkt, maar content met haar- en make-uptips overslaat, geven onze aanbevelingsalgoritmen prioriteit aan sport, maar niet aan die make-uptips. Je kunt
hier
meer informatie vinden over hoe we Snapchatter-voorkeuren interpreteren en hoe we content rangschikken en modereren.
We vinden het ook heel belangrijk om de positieve effecten van personalisatie in evenwicht te brengen met de verwachtingen van onze Snapchatters met betrekking tot privacy. We kunnen bijvoorbeeld automatisch de Snaps die je in Herinneringen opslaat taggen op basis van de content erin (bijvoorbeeld de Snap bevatte een hond) en vervolgens die tag gebruiken om je ervaring te personaliseren, aanbevelingen te doen of je advertenties te laten zien (zoals het laten zien van Spotlight Snaps met honden). We gebruiken de
privécontent en berichten
die je naar je vrienden stuurt, niet om je ervaring te personaliseren, aanbevelingen te doen of je advertenties te laten zien.
Tonen van relevante advertenties
Een andere manier om een gepersonaliseerde dienst te bieden, is via de advertenties die we laten zien. We gebruiken je interesses en voorkeuren uit de gegevens die we hebben verzameld, om advertenties te personaliseren, te targeten en te meten. We denken dat advertenties het beste zijn wanneer ze relevant zijn. Daarom proberen we de juiste advertenties te selecteren en ze op het juiste moment aan je te laten zien. Als je bijvoorbeeld hebt gereageerd op advertenties voor videospellen, zullen we concluderen dat je van videospellen houdt, en laten we je vergelijkbare advertenties zien, maar dit zijn niet de enige advertenties die je ziet. Net als bij onze contentstrategie proberen we ervoor te zorgen dat je verschillende advertenties ontvangt. Maar we gebruiken jouw gegevens bijvoorbeeld ook om te voorkomen dat we je advertenties laten zien die je waarschijnlijk niet aanspreken. Als een ticketsite ons bijvoorbeeld vertelt dat je eerder tickets hebt gekocht voor een film, zullen we geen advertenties meer laten zien voor die film. Je kunt
hier
meer informatie vinden over de verschillende soorten advertenties en je keuzes over welke advertenties je ontvangt.
Je kunt
hier
meer informatie vinden over hoe we je gegevens verzamelen, gebruiken en verspreiden voor advertentiedoeleinden.
Wat betreft de
gegevens die worden verzameld door cookies en andere technologieën
: we kunnen deze technologieën gebruiken om gegevens te verzamelen wanneer je communiceert met diensten die we via een van onze partners aanbieden. Zo kunnen we bijvoorbeeld gegevens gebruiken die op een website van een adverteerder zijn verzameld, om je relevantere advertenties te tonen. De meeste webbrowsers zijn zodanig ingesteld dat cookies standaard worden geaccepteerd. Als je dat wilt, is het normaal gesproken mogelijk browsercookies te verwijderen of te blokkeren door middel van instellingen in je browser of op je apparaat. Houd er echter rekening mee dat het verwijderen of blokkeren van cookies gevolgen kan hebben voor de beschikbaarheid en werking van onze services. Om meer te weten te komen over hoe wij en onze partners cookies gebruiken bij onze diensten en jouw keuzes, kun je ons
Cookiebeleid
raadplegen.
Ontwikkelen en verbeteren van functies, algoritmen en machine learning
Onze teams komen voortdurend met nieuwe ideeën voor functies en manieren om onze diensten te verbeteren. Daarvoor ontwikkelen en verbeteren we ook de algoritmen en
machine learning
(een uitdrukking van een algoritme dat grote hoeveelheden gegevens doorzoekt om patronen te vinden of voorspellingen te doen) die onze functies en diensten laten werken, inclusief via
generatieve AI-functies
(kunstmatige intelligentie die tekst, afbeeldingen of andere media kan genereren, met behulp van generatieve modellen). Generatieve AI-modellen leren de patronen en structuur van hun inputtrainingsgegevens en genereren vervolgens nieuwe gegevens met vergelijkbare kenmerken). We gebruiken algoritmen en
machine learning
voor personalisatie, adverteren, veiligheid en beveiliging, eerlijkheid en inclusiviteit, augmented reality en om misbruik of andere schendingen van de Servicevoorwaarden te voorkomen. Onze algoritmen en
machine learning
houden bijvoorbeeld rekening met gesprekken die Snapchatters voeren met My AI om antwoorden van My AI te verbeteren.
Jouw gegevens kunnen ons helpen te beslissen welke soort verbeteringen we moeten aanbrengen, maar we letten altijd op privacy. We willen niet meer persoonlijke gegevens gebruiken dan nodig is om onze functies en modellen te ontwikkelen.
Analyse
Om te begrijpen wat we moeten bouwen of hoe we onze diensten kunnen verbeteren, moeten we inzicht krijgen in trends en de vraag naar onze functies. We monitoren bijvoorbeeld metadata en trends over het gebruik van Groepschat, om te helpen beslissen of we gedeelten van de functie moeten wijzigen, zoals de maximale grootte van een groep. Het bestuderen van gegevens van Snapchatters kan ons helpen trends te zien in de manieren waarop mensen de services gebruiken. Dit helpt ons om Snapchat op grotere schaal te verbeteren. We voeren analyse uit om trends en gebruik te identificeren, te monitoren en te analyseren. Op basis van deze informatie zullen we onder andere meer kunnen leren over onze gebruikers om inzicht te krijgen in de vraag.
Onderzoek
We doen onderzoek om beter inzicht te krijgen in de algemene belangen van consumenten, trends en hoe onze diensten door jou en anderen in onze community worden gebruikt. Deze informatie, samen met analyse (zoals we hierboven hebben beschreven), helpt ons meer inzicht te krijgen in onze community en over hoe onze diensten passen in het leven van de mensen in onze community. We doen ook aan onderzoek en ontwikkeling om nieuwe technieken en technologieën te ontwikkelen (bijvoorbeeld nieuwe
machine learning-modellen
of hardware, zoals Spectacles). De resultaten van ons onderzoek worden soms gebruikt in functies op Snapchat. Soms publiceren we papers over dingen als algemeen gedrag en consumententrends (deze bevatten uitsluitend geaggregeerde gegevens van onze gebruikersbasis en geen persoonlijke informatie over jou).
De veiligheid en beveiliging van onze diensten verbeteren
We gebruiken je gegevens om de veiligheid en beveiliging van onze diensten te verbeteren, de identiteit van de Snapchatter te verifiëren en fraude of andere ongeoorloofde of illegale activiteiten te voorkomen. We zorgen bijvoorbeeld voor twee-factorbevestiging om jouw account te beveiligen en kunnen je e-mails of tekstberichten sturen als we verdachte activiteit zien. We kunnen ook via Snapchat verstuurde URL's scannen om te kijken of de betreffende website mogelijk schadelijk is en je hiervoor waarschuwen.
Contact met je opnemen
Soms nemen we contact met je op om nieuwe of bestaande functies te promoten. Dit omvat het verzenden van berichten naar Snapchatters via Snapchat, e-mail, sms of andere berichtenplatforms, waar toegestaan. We kunnen bijvoorbeeld de Snapchat-app, e-mail, sms of andere berichtenplatforms gebruiken om informatie over onze diensten en promotionele aanbiedingen te delen waarvan we denken dat ze interessant voor je kunnen zijn.
Andere keren moeten we met je communiceren om informatie, waarschuwingen te verstrekken of om berichten te sturen waar onze gebruikers om vragen. Het gaat hier bijvoorbeeld om het verzenden van berichten via Snapchat, e-mail, sms of andere berichtenplatforms, waar toegestaan, om updates van de accountstatus, beveiligingswaarschuwingen en Chat- of herinneringen van vriendverzoeken te leveren; of het voldoen aan het verzoek van onze gebruiker om uitnodigingen of Snapchat-content te sturen naar niet-Snapchatters.
Ondersteuning
Wanneer je om hulp vraagt, willen we je zo snel mogelijk ondersteuning geven. Om jou, de Snapchatter-community en onze zakelijke partners de hulp te bieden die nodig is om problemen met onze diensten op te lossen, moeten we vaak de gegevens gebruiken, die we hebben verzameld.
Naleving van onze Voorwaarden en Beleidsregels
We gebruiken de gegevens die we verzamelen om onze Voorwaarden en de wet te handhaven. Dit omvat het handhaven, onderzoeken en melden van gedrag dat onze Voorwaarden, ons beleid of de wet schendt, het reageren op verzoeken van wetshandhavers en het voldoen aan wettelijke vereisten. Wanneer bijvoorbeeld onwettige content wordt geplaatst op onze diensten, moeten we mogelijk onze Voorwaarden en ander beleid handhaven. In sommige gevallen kunnen we je gegevens ook gebruiken of delen om samen te werken met wetshandhavingsverzoeken, veiligheidsproblemen te escaleren naar wetshandhaving, branchepartners of anderen, of om te voldoen aan onze wettelijke verplichtingen. Bekijk ons
Transparantieverslag
om hier meer over te lezen.
Andere doeleinden, met jouw toestemming
Daarnaast kunnen er situaties zijn waarin we je, tijdens het gebruik van onze diensten, om toestemming vragen om je gegevens op een nieuwe, andere of specifieke manier te gebruiken.
Hoe we gegevens delen
In dit gedeelte wordt uitgelegd met wie we gegevens uitwisselen, wat die gegevens kunnen bevatten en de redenen voor het delen van die gegevens, inclusief wanneer we deze moeten overdragen buiten het land waarin deze zijn verzameld.
Ontvangers en redenen voor delen
Snapchat.
Om onze diensten aan jou en onze community te bieden, kunnen we je gegevens delen met je vrienden op Snapchat of andere Snapchatters. Bijvoorbeeld: de content die je plaatst in Verhalen, of je status als premium-abonnee, kan zichtbaar zijn voor je vrienden als je hier toestemming voor geeft. Bekijk het gedeelte
Controle over je gegevens
en je Instellingen voor de opties die je hebt over wie wat ziet en wanneer.
Deelnemers aan Family Center.
Wanneer je Family Center hebt ingeschakeld, delen we informatie over het verbonden tieneraccount met de ouder of voogd, om inzicht te geven in hoe het account wordt gebruikt, bijvoorbeeld wie je Vrienden zijn op Snapchat of met welke vrienden je je locatie deelt. We delen geen berichtcontent.
Meer informatie
.
Publiek.
De meeste functies op Snapchat zijn privé en alleen zichtbaar voor Vrienden. We bieden echter ook openbare functies waarmee je je beste Snaps met de wereld kunt delen, zoals Spotlight, de Snap Kaart of je openbare profiel. Wanneer je dit doet, zijn die Snaps mogelijk ook buiten Snapchat vindbaar, bijvoorbeeld op het web. Bepaalde informatie, zoals je gebruikersnaam en Bitmoji, is zichtbaar voor het publiek.
Meer informatie
.
Apps van derden.
Soms bieden we functies waarmee je verbinding kunt maken met apps van derden. Als je besluit je Snapchat-account te koppelen aan een app van derden, delen we alle aanvullende gegevens waar je ons naartoe stuurt.
Serviceproviders.
We delen je gegevens met onze serviceproviders, die deze informatie namens ons verwerken.  We maken bijvoorbeeld gebruik van serviceproviders om betalingen te verwerken, de prestaties van advertenties te meten en optimaliseren en de diensten te beveiligen. We delen geen privéberichten met hen. We houden
hier
een lijst bij met categorieën van serviceproviders.
Zakelijke en geïntegreerde partners.
We delen je gegevens met zakelijke en geïntegreerde partners om onze diensten te kunnen leveren. Je kunt bijvoorbeeld OpenTable binnen Snapchat gebruiken om een tafel te reserveren. Dit omvat geen privéberichten. We houden
hier
een lijst bij van deze partners.
Fraudebestrijdingpartners.
Je gegevens, zoals apparaat- en gebruiksgegevens, worden gedeeld met partners uit de sector die fraude helpen voorkomen.
Juridische, veiligheids- en beveiligingspartners.
Je informatie wordt gedeeld wanneer dit vereist is voor de volgende juridische, veiligheids- en beveiligingsredenen:
te voldoen aan een rechtsgeldig juridisch proces, verzoek van de overheid, of aan toepasselijke wetten, regels of regelgeving;
mogelijke schending van de servicevoorwaarden en Communityrichtlijnen te onderzoeken, verhelpen, of af te dwingen;
de rechten, eigendommen of veiligheid van ons, onze gebruikers of anderen te beschermen;
fraude of beveiligingsproblemen te detecteren en te verhelpen.
Zusterbedrijven.
Snap Inc.
bestaat uit verschillende
dochterondernemingen
waar wij de eigenaar van zijn.  We kunnen je gegevens delen binnen die interne dochterondernemingen indien nodig om onze services uit te voeren.
Ten behoeve van een fusie of overname.
Bij een verkoop van ons bedrijf, of tijdens onderhandelingen daarover met een koper of potentiële koper, kunnen we je gegevens overdragen aan een opvolger of gelieerde onderneming als onderdeel van die transactie.
Geïntegreerde partners
Onze services kunnen content en integraties bevatten die worden aangeboden door onze geïntegreerde partners. Voorbeelden hiervan zijn integraties in lenzen, bewerkingstools voor camera, om scanresultaten te leveren en integraties van derde ontwikkelaars. Via deze geïntegreerde diensten van derden verstrek je mogelijk gegevens aan de geïntegreerde partner en aan Snap. Wij zijn niet verantwoordelijk voor de manier waarop deze partners je gegevens verzamelen en gebruiken. We raden je aan altijd het privacybeleid te lezen van de website of de dienst van elke andere partij die je bezoekt of gebruikt. Dat geldt ook voor andere partijen waarmee je in contact komt via onze services. Je kunt
hier
meer informatie vinden over onze integraties in Snapchat.
Op iOS gebruiken we de TrueDepth-camera van Apple om de kwaliteit van Lenzen te verbeteren. Houd er echter rekening mee dat deze gegevens in realtime worden gebruikt. We slaan deze gegevens niet op onze servers op en delen deze niet met derden.
Internationale gegevensoverdracht
Onze services brengen je in contact met je vrienden over de hele wereld. Dit betekent dat we je persoonsgegevens kunnen verzamelen vanuit, overbrengen naar en opslaan en verwerken in de Verenigde Staten of andere landen dan het land waar jij woont. Wanneer we gegevens delen buiten de plaats waar je woont, zorgen we ervoor dat er veiligheidsmaatregelen zijn getroffen om de gegevens te beschermen zoals vereist door de wet die geldt waar je woont. Als je hier meer over wilt weten, bekijk dan het gedeelte
Regiospecifieke informatie
voor meer informatie.
Hoelang bewaren we je gegevens?
In dit gedeelte geven we je informatie over hoe lang we je gegevens bewaren, waarom we je gegevens bewaren en geven we ook aan hoe we je gegevens moeten bewaren om te voldoen aan wetten, rechtbanken en andere verplichtingen.
Als algemene regel houden we gegevens bij zolang je ons dat aangeeft en anders zolang we deze nodig hebben om onze services te leveren of zoals vereist door de wet. Als je bijvoorbeeld iets opslaat in Herinneringen, bewaren we het zolang als je het nodig hebt. Wanneer je echter met een vriend chat, zijn onze systemen zo ontworpen dat Chats binnen 24 uur worden verwijderd nadat je vriend ze heeft gelezen (tenzij je de standaardinstellingen hebt gewijzigd of besluit het gesprek op te slaan). Of we je gegevens bewaren, is afhankelijk van de specifieke functie, je instellingen en hoe je de services gebruikt. Hier zijn nog enkele factoren die we in overweging nemen wanneer we beslissen hoe lang we je gegevens willen bewaren:
Als we de gegevens nodig hebben om onze services te laten werken of te verlenen. We slaan bijvoorbeeld je
basisaccountgegevens
op, zoals je naam, telefoonnummer en e-mailadres, om je account te behouden.
Om te doen wat je verwacht van onze services en zoals we hebben beschreven in dit Privacybeleid. We bewaren bijvoorbeeld je vriendenlijst totdat je ons vraagt om ze te verwijderen, omdat vrienden essentieel zijn om jezelf te uiten. Op dezelfde wijze bewaren we je gedeelde contactenlijst totdat je ons via de app-instellingen vraagt deze te verwijderen (let op: het bijwerken van je toestemmingen op je apparaat verwijdert mogelijk niet de contacten die je eerder met Snapchat hebt gedeeld).
Meer informatie
. Daarentegen worden Snaps en Chats die in Snapchat worden verzonden, standaard verwijderd van onze servers binnen 24 uur nadat we hebben gedetecteerd dat ze zijn geopend door alle ontvangers of zijn verlopen, tenzij je de standaardinstellingen hebt gewijzigd of besluit om iets op te slaan. In dat geval zullen we je keuzes respecteren.
De informatie zelf. We bewaren locatiegegevens bijvoorbeeld gedurende verschillende periodes, afhankelijk van de nauwkeurigheid van de informatie en van welke services je gebruikmaakt. Als locatiegegevens in verband worden gebracht met een Snap, zoals de Snaps die in Herinneringen worden opgeslagen of in de Snap Kaart of Spotlight worden gepost, dan behouden we die locatie zolang als we de Snap bewaren. Pro-tip: je kunt de geografische gegevens zien die we over jou bewaren door
je gegevens te downloaden
.
Hoe lang we de gegevens moeten bewaren om te voldoen aan sommige wettelijke verplichtingen.
Als we deze nodig hebben voor andere legitieme doeleinden, zoals om schade te voorkomen, mogelijke schendingen van onze Servicevoorwaarden of ander beleid te onderzoeken, meldingen van misbruik te onderzoeken, of om onszelf of anderen te beschermen.
Bekijk onze pagina's
Privacy per product
en
ondersteuning
voor meer informatie over de specifieke bewaarperioden voor producten.
Hoewel onze systemen zijn ontworpen om sommige gegevens automatisch te verwijderen, kunnen we niet beloven dat verwijdering op een specifiek moment zal plaatsvinden.
In sommige gevallen moeten we voldoen aan wettelijke vereisten om je gegevens op te slaan, waardoor we je gegevens niet kunnen verwijderen. Bijvoorbeeld als we een kennisgeving ontvangen van een rechtbank waarin we gevraagd worden om een kopie van je content te bewaren. Andere redenen waarom we een kopie van je gegevens kunnen bewaren, zijn wanneer we meldingen ontvangen van misbruik of andere schendingen van de Voorwaarden of beleidsregels, of wanneer je account, door jou gemaakte content of content die je met andere Snapchatters hebt gemaakt, door anderen of onze systemen wordt gemarkeerd vanwege misbruik of andere schendingen van de Voorwaarden of beleidsregels. Tot slot bewaren we bepaalde gegevens mogelijk enige tijd (of zolang dat wettelijk verplicht is) in een back-up.
Voor de meest recente informatie over hoe lang we verschillende soorten content opslaan, bekijk je onze
Ondersteuningssite
.
Regiospecifieke informatie
Afhankelijk van waar je woont, heb je mogelijk nog andere rechten. Dit gedeelte biedt meer informatie over regiospecifieke informatie.
We doen ons best om ons beleid zo eenvoudig mogelijk te houden, maar afhankelijk van waar je woont, heb je mogelijk extra rechten of is er specifieke informatie waarvan je op de hoogte moet zijn. Bekijk de onderstaande lijst om te zien of deze op jou van toepassing zijn!
Australië
Brazilië
Canada
Europa
Mexico
Zuid-Korea
Turkije
Verenigde Staten
Let op:
de privacykennisgeving van Amerikaanse staten is alleen van toepassing als je inwoner bent van een bepaalde staat in de VS die privacywetgeving op staatsniveau heeft geïmplementeerd.
Sommige rechtsgebieden vereisen dat we vermelden wat onze juridische grondslag is voor het verwerken van gegevens voor specifieke doeleinden. Je kunt die informatie
hier
vinden.
Onze doelgroep
Onze services zijn gericht op personen van 13 jaar en ouder.
Onze services zijn niet gericht op kinderen onder de 13 jaar en je moet bevestigen dat je 13 jaar of ouder bent om een account aan te kunnen maken en de services te kunnen gebruiken. Als we daadwerkelijk weten dat je jonger bent dan 13 jaar (of de minimumleeftijd waarop een persoon de services in jouw staat, provincie of land mag gebruiken zonder toestemming van de ouders, indien hoger), zullen we stoppen met het leveren van services aan je en verwijderen we je account en gegevens.
Daarnaast kunnen we ook beperken hoe we sommige gegevens van Snapchatters onder de 18 jaar verzamelen, gebruiken en opslaan. In sommige gevallen betekent dit dat we bepaalde functies niet kunnen aanbieden aan mensen onder de 18 jaar.
Updates van het Privacybeleid
We kunnen ons Privacybeleid van tijd tot tijd updaten en zullen je op de hoogte stellen als we wijzigingen aanbrengen waarvan we denken dat je deze moet weten.
We kunnen dit Privacybeleid van tijd tot tijd wijzigen. Maar wanneer we dat doen, zullen we je wel op de ene of andere manier daarvan op de hoogte stellen. Soms doen we dat door de datum boven het privacybeleid, dat te vinden is op onze website en in de mobiele toepassing, te wijzigen. In sommige gevallen is het ook mogelijk dat we je ook nog op een andere manier op de hoogte stellen (bijvoorbeeld door een verklaring op de homepage van onze websites te plaatsen of een mededeling op te nemen in de app).
Contact
Heb je vragen over deze informatie of wil je contact opnemen met onze Functionaris voor Gegevensbescherming (FG)? Je kunt
hier
contact met ons opnemen.
Sub-policy 18
https://www.algolia.com/policies/privacy/:
Brand guidelines
Download logo pack
Privacy Policy
Relating to the use of Algolia's Website and Services.
Select Policy
Terms of Service
Service Level Agreement
Privacy Policy
Support Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Legal Information
Cookies
Infrastructure & Sub-Processors
Effective Date: March 3rd, 2025
We take our obligation to protect the privacy of your personal information seriously.
Your personal information will be treated in a secure and confidential manner in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
When you use Algolia Websites and Services (as defined below), we receive information that may directly or indirectly identify you (“personal information” or “personal data”).
This privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) governs and describes how Algolia, Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Algolia”, “we,” “us” or “our”) may collect, use, and disclose personal information that we obtain through or from:
https://www.algolia.com/
and all websites within that domain (such as
https://status.algolia.com
,
https://www.algolia.com/blog/
,
https://community.algolia.com/
,
https://algolia.com/doc/
and
https://www.algolia.com/users/sign_up
(our “Websites”) and mobile applications,
individuals that register to attend our marketing or corporate events or receive our marketing materials (“Marketing Activities”),
third-party sources such as data brokers, publicly available sources, and our partners,
our subscribers’ personnel who register to use our Services (including through our Services user interface dashboard registration forms on our Websites), and
subscriber data submitted to our hosted search or related services (the “Services”) by our subscribers or their internet clients or end users, or that we collect through our Services on behalf of our subscribers. Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and describes how Algolia collects, uses and discloses the personal information submitted to our Services by our subscribers (or their internet clients or end users) or that we collect through our Services (on behalf of our subscribers), which use by our subscribers is governed by our subscription agreements with our subscribers.
In this Policy we will explain:
What types of personal information Algolia collects and how it is used.
How Algolia collects your personal information, including whether personal information is collected automatically.
How long Algolia retains your personal information.
How and when Algolia shares your personal information with others.
How Algolia protects your personal information.
What choices and rights are available to you regarding the use of your personal information, including how to access and update personal information.
How personal information submitted to our Services or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers is treated.
How to update your communication preferences.
Whether children under the age of 13 are permitted to use our Services.
Contact Information
Depending on the context of personal information you provide, Algolia may be the data controller (“controller”) or data processor (“processor”) of your personal information under this policy. Algolia is a processor of personal information submitted to the Services or collected through the Services on behalf of or at the direction of subscribers. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, including the processing of your personal information, if you would like to exercise your data rights under applicable laws, or if you believe your privacy rights have been violated, please contact Algolia at
privacy@algolia.com
, or:
Algolia, Inc.
3790 El Camino Real
Unit #518
Palo Alto, CA 94306
Algolia SAS
55 Rue d'Amsterdam
75008 Paris
France
Algolia Limited
1 Primrose St, London
EC2A 2EX
UK
1. What types of personal information does Algolia collect?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on which of our Websites or Marketing Activities you use. In general, we may collect information that identifies you, information about how you use our Websites, and the information that you create while you interact with our Websites.
Information that we collect from you may include the following:
Information that can personally identify you, such as name, photograph, postal address, email address, or telephone number.
Information about your Internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Websites, and your use of our Websites.
Information that you provide when you fill in forms on our Websites (e.g. name, email address or other information requested in the form).
Information that identifies you in planning and hosting corporate events related to our Marketing Activities (e.g., user conferences).
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and Twitter handles), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Websites or related to orders of our Services.
You also may provide information as a contributing user that is published or displayed (hereafter, referred to as "posted") on public areas of our Websites, on the Algolia Community site, or transmitted to other users of our Websites or third-parties. Your user contributions are posted and transmitted to others at your own risk.
2. How does Algolia use my personal information
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
Algolia uses personal information that you provide to us to deliver content on our Websites, plan and host Marketing Activities, and to provide our Services.
We may use this information in the following ways:
To present our Websites and their contents to you.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Websites.
To enhance the experience of using our Websites, Services, and Marketing Activities.
To manage your access to the Services.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights that arise from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
To notify you about changes to our Websites or Services.
To provide you with information or services that you request from us.
To communicate with you about Marketing Activities, which may include promotional information.
To send promotional information and other communications regarding our products or Services.
To create a list of actual and prospective users and subscribers for our products or Services.
To assemble statistics regarding the use of our Websites, product or Services.
To prevent fraud or abuse.
To comply with any legal or regulatory obligations.
For any other purpose we describe at the time we collect information.
For any reason you engage us.
For any other purpose with your consent.
3. How does Algolia collect my personal information?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
Algolia may directly collect personal information you provide us in the following ways:
When you complete forms on our Websites, such as registering an account, subscribing to a Service, or posting a comment.
When you create an account to use our Services or create a new user for that account.
When you complete transactions through our Websites, such as fulfilling an order for our Services.
When you perform search queries on our Websites.
When you post messages on our Websites, either in public areas or directly to other users or third-parties.
When you use our publicly accessible blogs.
When you contact us outside of our Websites, such via email or Twitter.
When you request assistance from our Support team.
When you respond to surveys we ask you to complete for research purposes.
When you provide information that will be posted on public areas of our Websites.
When you transmit information to other users of our Websites or third-parties as a user contribution.
When you register for or attend our Marketing Activities.
Third-Parties and Data Supplementation
To the extent allowed by law, Algolia may collect personal information about you from other third-party sources. We may maintain this information or associate it with personal information we already have about you (“data supplementation”). This information helps us to improve our Websites, to deliver better and more personalized Services, to update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you. To the extent we combine such third-party sourced information with information we already have about you, we will treat the combined information in accordance with the practices described under this Privacy Policy and any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data.
Third-party sources we may use vary over time, but have included or may include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the information we collect.
Social networks when you reference our Services or grant permission to Algolia to access your data on one or more of these services.
Our partners with whom we may offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our Services, or engage in joint marketing activities.
Publicly-available sources or data in the public domain.
Examples of the types of personal information that may be obtained from public sources or purchased from third-parties and combined with information we already have about you, may include:
contact information about you from third-party sources to verify your address so we can properly prevent fraud or communicate with you, or
data purchased from third-parties, such as social networking sites and conference attendee lists, that is combined with information we already have about you, to create more tailored advertising and products.
We are not responsible for the accuracy of any information provided by third-parties or third-party policies or practices.
Financial Information
We use third-party payment processors to process payments made to us. In connection with the processing of such payments, we do not retain any personally identifiable information or any financial information such as credit card numbers. Rather, all such information is provided directly to our third-party processors. Our third-party processors currently include Stripe, and Stripe’s privacy policy can be viewed at
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
.
4. Does Algolia collect personal information automatically?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
As is true of most websites, Algolia gathers certain information automatically as you navigate through and interact with our Websites. This information helps us to improve and personalize our Websites, Marketing Activities, and Services, as well as prevent fraud or abuse. This information may be gathered and stored in log files.
Information that we collect from you automatically may include the following:
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses,
Internet Service Provider (ISP),
browser type,
referring/exit pages,
operating system,
date/time stamp, and/or
browsing actions and browsing patterns.
Cookies
Algolia and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer our Websites and Services, track users' movements around our Websites and Services, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your device when you visit certain websites. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Websites or Services.
For more information on how Algolia uses cookies, refer to
https://www.algolia.com/policies/cookies/
.
For more information on third-party cookies, refer to Section 6 of this Privacy Policy.
5. How long does Algolia keep my personal information?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
Algolia may retain your personal information for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection. For instance, we may retain your personal information during the time you have an account to use our Websites or Services, or as agreed in our subscription agreements, and for a reasonable period of time thereafter. We also may retain your personal information during the period of time needed for Algolia to pursue our legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
6. When and how does Algolia share my personal information with others?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
Algolia may share your personal information with certain third-parties. This sharing is based on our relationship with those third-parties, your consent, or legal or contractual obligations that require us to share such information.
We may share your personal information that we collect or you provide as follows:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
To contractors, service providers such as Stripe and Intercom, and other third-parties we use to support our business. These entities are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and can use it only for the purposes for which we disclose the information to them.
When you create an account on our community forum. Please note that the information you share in public areas of our Websites may be viewed by any user of our Websites.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Algolia’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Algolia about our Websites users is among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Websites of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process (such as a subpoena), to investigate fraud, including responding to any government or regulatory request, lawful requests by public authorities, or to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other subscription agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Algolia, our subscribers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
Algolia may disclose aggregated statistical data that does not contain Personal Data with third-parties.
Algolia partners with third-parties that serve content or applications. These partners, including (i) third-parties that either display advertising on our Websites or manage our advertising on other sites and (ii) applications providers such as Github, may collect your information as you interact with them through our Websites. Such third-party partners may also use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, click
here
(or if located in the European Union click
here
). Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
You may login to our Websites using a sign-in service such as your Github profile, Google profile, or Heroku profile. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-in form and collection of your personal information may occur as a result of login to our Websites using these sign-in services.
From time to time, we may include links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information will be governed by such third-party’s privacy policies. Please carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
7. How does Algolia keep my information secure?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers.
Algolia will maintain appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect your personal information from accidental loss, unauthorized use, alteration, or disclosure. Although we implement and maintain security measures that are appropriate for our business activities, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. You may review the most up to date version of our security measures at
https://www.algolia.com/distributed-secure/security-compliance/
.
You must also make sure that your information is safe and secure. We are not responsible if you circumvent any privacy settings or security measures on our Websites. Even if we give you (or you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Do not share your password with anyone. Please be careful about giving out information in public areas of our Websites, for example, community message boards or forums. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of our Websites. We cannot control the actions of other users of our Websites with whom you choose to share your information; as such we cannot guarantee your contributed information cannot be viewed by unauthorized parties.
8. What choices and rights are available to me regarding the use of my personal information?
Section 9 of this Privacy Policy separately covers and applies to personal information submitted by our subscribers to our Services, or collected through our Services on behalf of or at the direction of our subscribers. In regards to personal information we process on behalf of our subscribers, please contact the applicable subscriber directly as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
By using our Websites, Services, and Marketing Activities you expressly give your consent for the collection and use of your personal information in compliance with this Privacy Policy. This does not affect lawful processing under applicable laws based on other legal basis such as contractual obligation, compliance with applicable laws, and legitimate purposes.
If you receive a marketing communication or promotion from us, you may opt-out of these communications at any time (i) by following the unsubscribe instructions included in the promotion (if sent by email), (ii) through
Algolia preference page
, (iii) by accessing the email preferences in your account settings page in the Services user interface dashboard, or (iv) sending us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Right to Access or Correct Personal Information
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding the modification or correction of your personal information as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to access and correct your personal information. If you want to review or correct your personal information, you can login to the appropriate Website or Service and visit your account profile page, typically designated as “My Account”, or contact us through the Support Center, or you may send us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Right to Delete Personal Information (“Right to be Forgotten”)
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding the removal of your personal information as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to request deletion of personal information we hold about you and we have the obligation to erase your personal information, where:
the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed,
you withdraw consent on which the processing is based and where there is no other legal ground for the processing,
you object to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing,
the personal information has been unlawfully processed, or
the personal information has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in the European Union or a Member State law to which Algolia is subject.
If you want to request removal of your personal information from our Websites or Services, you can login to the appropriate Website or Service and contact us through the Support Center, or you may send us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above. You can also request closure of your account. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know that we are unable to do so and why.
Right to Data Portability
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding the data portability of your personal information as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to receive or transfer a copy of your personal information, where:
we are relying upon your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party as the legal basis for the processing, and
personal information is processed by automatic means.
This copy will be provided to you in a common machine-readable format. You may also require us to transmit it to another party where this is technically feasible.
If you want to request a copy of your personal information, you can login to the appropriate Website or Service and contact us through the Support Center, or you may send us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Right to Restrict Personal Information Processing
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding the restriction of processing of your personal information as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to request the restriction of processing of your personal information, where:
you contest the accuracy of the personal information until we take sufficient steps to correct or verify its accuracy,
where the processing is unlawful but you do not want us to erase the personal information,
where we no longer need the personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, or
where you have objected to processing justified on legitimate interest grounds (see below) pending verification as to whether Algolia has compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing.
Where personal information is subjected to restriction in this way we will only process it with your consent or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. This right includes restricting the processing of your personal information to only include storage of your personal information (e.g. during the time when Algolia assesses whether you are entitled to have personal information erased).
If you want to request restriction of processing of your personal information, you can login to the appropriate Website or Service and contact us through the Support Center, or you may send us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Right to object to processing justified on legitimate interest grounds
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding objections to processing your personal information as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
Where we are relying upon legitimate interest to process personal information, you have the right to object to that processing. If you object, we must stop that processing unless we can either demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms or where we need to process the personal information for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. Where we rely upon legitimate interest as a basis for processing we believe that we can demonstrate such compelling legitimate grounds, but we will consider each case on an individual basis.
If you want to object to the processing of your personal information, you can login to the appropriate Website or Service and contact us through the Support Center, or you may send us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards where personal information are transferred to a third country or to an international organization
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding safeguards when transferring your personal information to a third country as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
Refer to the Terms of Service for information on the safeguards that have been put in place to protect your personal information for transfer outside of the European Economic Area. For transfers to countries without an adequacy decision by the European Commission, Algolia puts appropriate safeguards through contractual obligations.
Right to Withdraw Consent
If Algolia processes your personal information on behalf of or at the direction of one of our subscribers, you should first look to that subscriber for assistance regarding withdrawing consent for processing your personal information as described in Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
Where you have provided us with your consent to process personal information, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You can do this by:
using certain web browser and opt-out options discussed in this Privacy Policy to limit the personal information you provide to us or our third-party partners (please see Section 4 “Does Algolia collect personal information automatically?”, Section 6 “When and how does Algolia share my personal information with others?” and Section 10 "Communication Preferences and Subscriptions”),
logging into the appropriate Website or Service and contacting us through the Support Center,
following the unsubscribe instructions included in emails,
through
Algolia preference page
,
by accessing the email preferences in your account settings page in the Services user interface dashboard, or
sending us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Right to Submit Complaints or Report Abuse
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in your country of residence, if you consider that the processing of your personal information infringes applicable laws.
If you need to report abuse, please contact us by email at
abuse@algolia.com
.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Websites and Services that are California residents to opt-out from the disclosure of your personal information to third-parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, you can login to the appropriate Website or Service and contact us through the Support Center, or you may send us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
Please be advised that where California State residents opt-out from permitting their personal information to be shared, such individuals may still receive selected offers directly from us, in accordance with applicable law.
9. Subscriber Data submitted to our Services or collected through our Services (on behalf of our subscribers)
Algolia subscribers electronically submit (or cause to be submitted) data to the Services for hosting, indexing and related processing. Algolia processes data only as provided in our subscription agreements with our subscribers, such as our Terms of Service available at
https://www.algolia.com/policies/terms/
and our Data Processing Agreement available at
https://www.algolia.com/pdf/DPA-latest.pdf
. Additional information about our privacy and security practices with respect to our Services is available in our security and compliance documentation available at
https://www.algolia.com/distributed-secure/security-compliance/
.
As subscribers (or in some cases their internet clients or end users) control the data to be processed, Algolia’s network, platform, and Services may be used as a conduit for information.
The use of personal information collected through our Services at the direction of our subscribers shall be limited to the purpose of providing the Services for which the subscriber has engaged Algolia.
Although Algolia collects personal information related to subscriber personnel as they configure a subscriber’s use of our Services, Algolia has no direct relationship with individuals whose personal information is hosted or transmitted through the Services by subscribers or their permitted internet clients or end users. Subscribers are responsible for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring the data to Algolia for processing purposes.
Algolia also collects, uses, and discloses personal information of individuals who visit our Websites (“Visitors”) and individual representatives of our subscribers, suppliers, and business partners (“Business Contacts”). This Section 9 does not apply to personal information associated with Visitors and Business Contacts collected, stored, and processed by Algolia which are governed by the other provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Choice
Our Services collect personal information for our subscribers. As a data processor of this personal information on our subscriber’s behalf, Algolia has limited ability to access personal information our subscribers submit to our Services. If you are a data subject for whom a subscriber has submitted personal information to the Services and would like your information not to be disclosed to a third-party or to be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which the personal information was originally collected, then you should contact the subscriber directly. Concerns with personal information hosted or transmitted at the direction of our subscribers may be reported according to our acceptable use policy available at
https://www.algolia.com/distributed-secure/security-compliance/
. We will refer your requests to the appropriate subscriber.
Sub-processor Accountability
Algolia is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives, and subsequently transfers to a third-party acting as an agent on its behalf in accordance with our subscription agreements. Algolia may use from time to time third-party service providers, contractors, and sub-processors to assist in providing the Services on our behalf. Algolia maintains contracts with these third-parties restricting their access, use, and disclosure of personal information.
Security Measures
Algolia maintains administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect data submitted to the Services, including personal information. These security measures are set forth in our security and compliance documentation available at
https://www.algolia.com/distributed-secure/security-compliance/
.
Subscriber Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation
As a data processor, Algolia hosts, transmits, discloses, and processes data, which may include personal information about EU personnel of our subscribers administering, using or supporting the Services. Algolia may process data to provide the Services, to prevent or address technical or service problems, to follow the instructions of our subscribers and their personnel who submitted the personal information, or in response to contractual or legal requirements. Algolia does not control or own the data submitted by its subscribers, or their internet clients or end users, to the Services. Algolia may share personal information with its subsidiaries, contractors, or third-parties if Algolia undergoes a business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition by another company or sale of all or substantially all of its assets.
Data Subject Rights to Subscriber Data
Algolia acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information. Algolia has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal information our Services process on behalf of our subscribers. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate personal information should direct his or her query to the appropriate subscriber (i.e., the data controller). Subscribers have the ability to fulfill these requests, and Algolia will provide assistance for requests that subscribers are not able to complete. If the subscriber requests that Algolia remove the personal information, we will refer your request to the applicable subscriber and we will respond to the request within 30 days.
Subscriber Data Retention
Algolia retains the personal information we process on behalf of our subscribers for as long as needed to provide the Services to our subscribers and in accordance with our subscription agreements. To the extent not deleted by our subscribers, Algolia may also retain and use certain personal information for a reasonable period of time thereafter as necessary to pursue our legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
10. Communication Preferences and Subscriptions
Algolia offers visitors of its Websites and Services, personnel of our subscribers whose personal information is collected through our Websites or Services, and attendees or recipients of Marketing Activities a means to choose how we use the information provided. You may choose to stop receiving or participating in Marketing Activities, including newsletters, by following the unsubscribe instructions included in emails, through
Algolia preference page
, by accessing the email preferences in your account settings page in the Services user interface dashboard, or sending us an email at the address noted in the Contact Information section above.
11. Children under the age of 13
Our Websites and Services are not intended for children under 13 years old. No one under age 13 years old may provide any personal information to or on the Websites and Services.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years old. If you are under 13 years old, do not use or provide any information on our Websites or Services including on or through any of their features, register on the Websites or Services, make any purchases through the Websites or Services, use any of the interactive or public comment features of our Websites or Services, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 years old, we will delete that information without undue delay.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years old, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Information” section above.
12. Dispute Resolution
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Algolia has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.trustarc.com/watchdog/request
.
13. Modifications
Algolia reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. It is our policy to post any changes we make to this Privacy Policy on this page and the changes will be effective upon Algolia’s publication of the updated Privacy Policy except as described below. If Algolia makes material changes to how we treat your personal information, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this page thirty (30) days prior to the change becoming effective. However, changes made to comply with applicable laws will be effective immediately. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date email address for you and periodically visiting this page to check for any changes to our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Websites and the Services expressly indicates your acceptance of Algolia’s then-current Privacy Policy and your consent to Algolia’s collection of personal information in accordance with the then-current Privacy Policy.
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact Algolia using the information in the “Contact Information” section above. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
Previous Versions:
Version 4 (May 25, 2018)
Version 3 (July 4, 2016)
Version 2 (August 19, 2013)
Version 1 (June 10, 2013)
Version 5 (January 29, 2021)
We use cookies to improve your experience and for marketing.
Read more here.
Reject all
Accept all
Adjust settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 19
https://hightouch.com/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Last updated
March 3, 2025
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Carry Technologies, Inc. dba Hightouch and our subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “
Hightouch
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
”) in relation to personal information we collect about you when you use our websites, products or services, or otherwise interact with us, including any sales, marketing, or events (collectively, the “
Services
”).
This Privacy Policy does not apply to our handling of personal information that we process on behalf of our customers as a service provider or processor. Our processing of that information is governed by our agreement with our customers.
Moreover, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the Match Booster platform and relates services, which are governed by the
Platform Privacy Notice
.
1. Personal Information We Collect
Information you provide to us.
Personal information our customers or prospects may provide to us through the Services or otherwise includes:
Account and contact data,
such as first and last name, username, password, email and mailing addresses, and phone number, that you may provide when you create an account with us or contact us for customer support.
Communications that we exchange with you,
including when you contact us with questions, feedback, or otherwise.
Marketing data
, such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications, and details about your engagement with them.
Third party sources.
When you link, connect, or login to the Services with a third party service (e.g. Google, Microsoft or Single Sign-On), you direct the service to send us information such as your registration, name, email address, photo, and profile information as controlled by that service or as authorized by you via your privacy settings at that service.
We may supplement the information that we collect from you (such as your email address) with additional information about you and your company obtained from publicly available and third-party databases or services that provide information about business people and companies (including an individual's name, job title, business contact information, and company information). This helps us update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.
Automatic data collection.
We, our service providers, and our advertising partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services, our communications and other online Services, such as:
Device data,
such as your computer's or mobile device's operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, RAM and disk size, CPU usage, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), IP address, unique identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language preferences, mobile device carrier, radio/network information (e.g., WiFi, LTE, 3G).
Online activity and usage data,
such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, which links you choose to click, the website you visited before browsing to the Services, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access, and whether you have opened our marketing emails or clicked links within them.
We collect this information using cookies and other similar technologies. For more information, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
Hightouch App for Slack.
The Hightouch App for Slack alerts customers of the Reverse ETL product about the status of their Hightouch syncs, workspace extensions, and important customer actions such as approval requests. It also facilitates sending information into the customer's Slack workspaces as configured in the customer's Hightouch sync settings. The app collects user and channel IDs to deliver these messages and alerts to our customers who use the Hightouch App for Slack. If you want your data removed from Slack, please go to
https://slack.com/trust/privacy/privacy-policy#rights
.
2. How We Use Personal Information
We use personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Communicating with you about our Services
. It is in our legitimate business interests to use personal information to respond to your requests, provide customer support, and communicate with you about our Services, including by sending announcements, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
Improving, monitoring, personalizing, and protecting our Services
. It is in our legitimate business interests to improve and keep our Services safe for our users, which includes:
understanding your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications;
troubleshooting, testing and research and to keep the Services secure; and
investigating and protecting against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized or illegal activity.
Research and development.
We may use personal information for research and development purposes in our legitimate business interests, including to analyze and improve the services and our business. As part of these activities, we may create or use aggregated, de-identified or other anonymized data from personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymized data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the services and promote our business.
Direct marketing.
We may send you direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including by email. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the Opt-out of marketing communications section below. Except where consent is required, we undertake such marketing on the basis of our legitimate business interests. Where we seek your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
Interest-based advertising.
We may engage third-party advertising companies to display our ads on their online services. We may also share information about our website users with these companies to facilitate advertising for our services to them or similar users on other online platforms. For more information, or to understand your choices, please visit our
Cookie Policy
. Except where consent is required, we undertake such advertising on the basis of our legitimate business interests. Where we seek your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
Compliance and protection.
We may use personal information to comply with legal obligations, and it is in our legitimate business interests to use your personal information to defend us against legal claims or disputes, including to:
protect our, your or others' rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies;
enforce the terms and conditions that govern the services;
prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft; and
comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
3. How We Share Personal Information
We may share your personal information with the following parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection:
Affiliates.
Our corporate parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Service providers.
Companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Services or our business (such as hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery, communications channels and website analytics services).
Advertising partners.
Third party advertising companies for the interest-based advertising purposes described above. The disclosure of this information may constitute a data “sale” under certain privacy laws.
Professional advisors.
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Authorities and others.
Law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the compliance and protection purposes described above.
Business transferees.
Acquirers and other relevant participants in business transactions (or negotiations for such transactions) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business or assets of, or equity interests in, Hightouch or our affiliates (including, in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
4. Privacy Rights And Choices
Opt out of marketing communications.
You may opt out of marketing-related communications by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions contained in the marketing communication we send you or by contacting us as provided in the “How to Contact Us” section below. You may continue to receive services-related and other non-marketing emails.
Online tracking opt out.
You can opt out of third-party cookies as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Personal information requests.
We also offer you choices that affect how we handle the personal information that we control. Depending on your location and the nature of your interactions with our Services, you may request the following in relation to personal information:
Information
about how we have collected and used personal information. We have made this information available to you without having to request it by including it in this Privacy Policy.
Access
to a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you. Where applicable, we will provide the information in a portable, machine-readable, readily usable format.
Correction
of personal information that is inaccurate or out of date.
Deletion
of personal information that we no longer need to provide the Services or for other lawful purposes.
Opt out
of the sharing or processing of your personal data for targeted advertising purposes. To exercise this right, you can visit the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in the footer of our website.
Additional rights
, such as to
object
to and request that we
restrict
our use of personal information.
To make a request, please email us or write to us as provided in the “How to Contact Us” section below or use our
webform
. We may ask for specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled to empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
Limits on your privacy rights and choices
. In some instances, your choices may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. If you are not satisfied with how we address your request, you may submit a complaint by contacting us as provided in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Right to complain
. Depending on where you reside, such as if you reside in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, you may have the right to complain to a data protection regulator where you live or work, or where you feel a violation has occurred. Click
here
to find your local supervisory authority.
5. Job Applicants
When you apply for one of our open positions, we collect the information that you provide in connection with your job application. This includes but is not limited to business and personal contact information, professional credentials and skills, educational and work history, and other information that may be included in a resume or that you may provide during the interview process. This may also include demographic or diversity information that you voluntarily provide. We may also conduct background checks and receive related information. We also collect personal information from other sources where relevant for your application, such as employment research firms, recruiters, identity verification services, and information that you make publicly available on websites or social media platforms (for example, LinkedIn). Throughout the recruitment process, we may supplement your personal information in connection with the assessment of your application. For example, we may record the views of those considering your application about your suitability for the role for which you have applied and retain interview notes. We may also collect information about you using cookies and other similar technologies as described in our
Cookie Policy
. If you accept an offer from us, your personal information will be incorporated into and used as part of your employee record.
We use applicants' information to facilitate our recruitment activities, process employment applications and personalize candidate communication, including evaluating candidates and monitoring recruitment statistics. We also use successful applicants' information to administer the employment relationship. We may also use and disclose applicants' information to improve our Service and for the compliance and protection purposes described above.
6. Other Sites And Services
The Services may contain links to websites and other online services operated by third parties. In addition, our content may be integrated into web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. These links and integrations are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. We do not control websites or online services operated by third parties, and we are not responsible for their actions.
7. Security
We employ a number of technical, organizational and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect. However, no security measures are failsafe and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
8. International Data Transfer
You will provide personal information directly to our website in the United States. We may also transfer personal information to our affiliates and service providers in the United States and other jurisdictions. Please note that such jurisdictions may not provide the same protections as the data protection laws in your home country.
When we engage in cross-border data transfers, we will ensure that relevant safeguards are in place to afford adequate protection for personal information and we will comply with applicable data protection laws, in particular by relying on an EU Commission or UK government adequacy decision or on contractual protections for the transfer of personal information. For more information about how we transfer personal information internationally, please contact us as set out in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
With respect to personal information that we process in relation to the Match Booster platform and relates services, which are governed by the Platform Privacy Notice, we rely on the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DP, Hightouch commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
9. Children
The Services are not intended for use by children under 13 years of age. If we learn that we have collected personal information through the Services from a child under 13 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian as required by law, we will delete it.
10. Retention Of Personal Information
Where required under applicable laws, we retain personal information only for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected and processed, in accordance with our retention policies, and in accordance with applicable laws and regulatory obligations or until you withdraw your consent (where applicable).
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of personal information, the purposes for which we use personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
11. Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. We will post the update Privacy Policy on the website. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will let you know.
12. How To Contact Us
Responsible entity.
Carry Technologies, Inc. dba Hightouch is the entity responsible for the processing of personal information under this Privacy Policy (as a controller or business, where provided under applicable law).
Contact us.
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, our privacy practices, or if you would like to exercise your rights with respect to your personal information, please contact us by email at
datadeletion@hightouch.com
or by writing to us at:
2261 Market Street #5225, San Francisco, CA 94114, United States.
EEA and UK Representative Contact Information.
For individuals in the EEA and the UK, we have appointed:
VeraSafe Ireland Ltd as our EEA data representative, which you can contact by email at
article27@verasafe.com
, or by post at Unit 3D North Point House, North Point Business Park, New Mallow Road, Cork, T23AT2P, Ireland; and
VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd as our UK representative, which you can contact by email at
article27@verasafe.com
, or by post at 37 Albert Embankment, London SE1 7TL, United Kingdom.
Previous Versions
The previous version of Hightouch's
Privacy Policy
can be found
here
.
Sub-policy 20
https://www.dixa.com/legal/privacy/:
Dixa’s Privacy Policy
Legal Hub Overview
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
GDPR
3rd Party Services
Data Processing Agreement
Service-level Agreement
Data Security
Applicant Privacy Notice
Dixa’s Global Feedback Panelist
Dixa’s Referral Program
Early Access Terms (“EAT”)
Last update: November 25, 2021
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is incorporated into and is subject to the Dixa Terms of Service and associated procedures (the “Agreement”). Capitalized words in this Policy shall have the meaning given to them in the Agreement unless specifically stated to the contrary.
This Policy describes the information that we gather on or through the Dixa Services, how we use and disclose such information, and the steps we take to protect such information. By visiting the Website, or by purchasing or using the Dixa Services, you accept the practices described in this Policy.
If you are a visitor to or user of a third-party website or service that utilizes the Dixa communication or messaging products (such as chat widget), then any information you submit to such third-party (including via the Dixa product) is collected under the privacy policy of such third-party.
In this Policy, “Dixa,” “us” and “we” refers to Dixa ApS and its affiliates. The “Website” means Dixa’s websites (including dixa.com, app.dixa.com and related domains and subdomains), and the “Dixa Services” means Dixa’s customer service platform and related products, applications and services. “Customer Data” means any data or information provided by you in connection with your use of the Dixa Services.
1. Information we collect
When you use the Dixa Services, we collect different types of information in order to provide the Dixa Service in accordance with the Agreement and to operate and optimize our business.
Customer Data
We collect information about you when you register to use the Dixa Services and provide contact information to us via instant messaging, email, mail, or through the Dixa Services. This information you provide may include your username, first and last name, email address, mailing address and phone number as well as other information, such as geographic area or preferences.
Furthermore, when you purchase the Services, we will also collect transaction information, credit card or other billing information.
All information that is related to a specific identifiable person is considered Personal Data” as further defined in applicable legislation. Since Dixa has no direct relationship with the individuals whose Personal Data is processed as part of the Customer Data, the Customer is responsible for compliance with applicable data protection legislation. As part of the Agreement, Dixa requires the Customer to enter into a Data Processing Agreement.
I
nformation you provide to us
As part of our marketing and advertisement activities, we collect personal information of you when you interact with our advertising messages, such as when you request or sign-up for content (for example, product demos, events, webinars and reports) on our website or other third-party sites that we use for marketing and advertisement purposes. By interacting with our advertising messages, requesting access to content on our website, and providing us with your contact details, you authorise us to process the personal information that you have disclosed to us on that occasion, such as your full name, email address, phone number, company name, and job title.
Automatically Collected Information
We automatically collect information on how you interact with the Website and Dixa Services, such as the IP address, date and time, information about your browser, operating system and computer or device, pages viewed and items clicked. We may also collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you open, click on, or forward a message. We may also collect location information, including location information automatically provided by your computer or device. We use cookies and similar technologies to collect some of this information. For more information, please see
Dixa’s Cookie Policy
.
Third-party platforms
You may access or register for the Dixa Services through certain third-party sites and platforms and we may collect information when you interact with our advertisements and other content on third-party sites or platforms.
By authorizing us to connect with a third-party platform, you authorize us to access and store your name, email address(es), date of birth, gender, current city, profile picture URL, and other information that the third-party platform makes available to us, and to use and disclose it in accordance with this Policy.
Please review each third-party’s terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to the Dixa Services.
Information on Equity Holders and holders of financial and legal rights
We collect information about each shareholder, warrant holder, option holder or other types of persons (legal or natural) who hold an ownership, financial or legal interest in Dixa (collectively “Equity Holders”) in order to identify you and register such warrants, shares, equity, or finance and legal rights. For this purpose, we may collect your name, email, phone, equity/capital details, holding company details, log details, and additional shareholder documents.
If the Equity Holder grants proxy to a third party and/or registers the attendance of an advisor, we will collect and process personal data about such persons. We will also register the contact details of a nominated contact person for legal entities who 1) are Equity Holders or 2) hold other financial or legal rights.
Other Information
We may collect other information, including Personal Data, from third parties and sources other than stated above. We may use any such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy or as otherwise permitted by you. If we combine or associate information from other sources with Personal Data that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as Personal Data in accordance with this Policy.
2. Use of information
We use your information in the following ways:
Operations
The information we collect is used to operate, maintain, optimize, improve and provide the Dixa Service, to provide service and information to you and to provide customer support. Furthermore, we use information to control unauthorized use or abuse of the Dixa Services, or otherwise detect, investigate or prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal. Your Customer Data is processed only in accordance with instructions.
Communications
We use data to contact you for administrative purposes such as customer service, to address intellectual property infringement, privacy violations or defamation issues related to the Customer Data or Personal Data posted on the Dixa Service or with newsletters, updates on promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us and by third parties we work with. Your opt-out options for promotional communications are described below under “Your Choices.”
Development
Information is used to analyze usage trends and preferences, administer or optimize the Dixa Services, monitor usage or traffic patterns (including to track users’ movements around the Dixa Services) and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole in order to improve the Dixa Services, and to develop new products, services, feature, and functionality.
Equity management and financial and legal rights management
The information we collect from Equity Holders and others with financial and legal rights are used to identify and register your, or the company whom you represent, rights in relation to Dixa for accountability purposes.
We may use your information for the purpose of forwarding (legal/formal) notices to you, such as the general meeting, and to enable you to exercise your administrative rights.
We process the personal data to comply with our legal obligations (such as requirements needed for bookkeeping purposes), and with shareholders or third parties’ rights set out in the Danish Companies Act, as well as shareholders’ agreement or other agreements. The processing of your information will be also based on based on Dixa’s legitimate interests in being able to identify our shareholders and appropriate fulfil its management obligations in relation to its Equity Holders, as well as in relation to the fulfilment of agreements between you (or the company you represent) and Dixa or between you and other shareholders.
3. Sharing of information
Unless described in this Policy or based on your separate consent, we will not intentionally disclose the Personal Data or Customer Data that we collect or store on the Dixa Service to third parties. We may share information to third parties in the following circumstances:
Third-Party Service Providers
We work with third-party service providers who provide website, development, marketing, hosting, maintenance, and other services for us. These service providers may have access to, or process Personal Data or Customer Data as part of providing those services for us. We share only Personal Data  which is reasonably necessary for the service providers, and we make sure they are under obligation to protect the data. You can see a list of our
3rd-party service providers here
.
Law and regulation
We may share Personal Data when we in good faith believe that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is necessary to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, or in order to enforce an Agreement, or to protect against imminent harm to rights, property or safety for us, the users or the public.
We reserve our right to disclose Personal Data or other information that we in good faith believe is necessary to protect ourselves against liability, fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, third-party claims or allegations, or in order to protect the security or integrity of the Dixa Service and any facilities or equipment used to make the Dixa Service available.
Other Information
Information that is not Personal Data, meaning not related to an identifiable person, may be shared with third parties for various purposes, including for business or marketing purposes; or for compliance with reporting obligations; or to assist in understanding our customers’ and visitors’ interests, habits, and usage patterns.
Information provided by you in a public area of the Dixa Services may be shared with all customers, users or visitors that can access that information.
Change of Ownership
We may share and/or transfer Personal Data if we become involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or any form of sale of some or all of our assets.
4. Your choices
Access and updates
We respect your privacy rights and provide you with reasonable access to the Personal Data that you may have provided through your use of the Dixa Services. You may access, review, correct, update, change or delete your information at any time by contacting us. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, would be extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required.
You may update, correct, or delete your Account information and preferences at any time by accessing your Account settings page. Please note that we may store information for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, due to legal obligations, or if we believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
Personal Data that is part of Customer Data is subject to the Customer’s own privacy policy, and any request for access, correction or deletion should be made to the Customer responsible for the uploading and storage of such data into the Dixa Service.
Opt-out
We will not send you any commercial information unless you at a previous point have actively agreed to such.  If you receive commercial emails from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email or by contacting us. It may take up to ten (10) business days for us to process your request.
We may provide you with the opportunity to “opt-out” of having Personal Data stored at Dixa. If you decide to opt-out, we may not be able to provide certain features of the Dixa Services to you.
Since Dixa has no direct relationship with the Customers’ users/customers, a person who seeks access to, or wants to correct or delete inaccurate data or withdraw consent for further contact must contact the Customer directly. We will delete, amend or block access to any Personal Data that we are storing only if we receive a written request to do so from the Customer who is responsible for such Personal Data, unless we have a legal right to retain such Personal Data. We reserve the right to retain a copy of such data for archiving purposes, or to defend our rights in litigation.
Cookies
You can remove or block certain cookies using the settings in your browser but the Dixa Services may cease to function properly if you do so. For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
5. California privacy rights
Provided you are a California resident, California law dictates that you may request information about any sharing of Personal Data with third-parties for direct marketing purposes. Please see instructions and regulation in the Shine the Light Law. Requests shall be made in writing to the Dixa support team.
California law also requires that inform how we respond to a “Do Not Track” signal which some browsers offer to send. Since there is no uniform way to handle these signals, DIxa has not found a best practice, and as such respond to the “Do Not Track” signals. When the industry has decided on a best practice, we intent to follow such.
6. Minors privacy
As stated in our Terms of Service/ the Agreement, the Dixa Services are not for children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 18 without obtaining parental consent. If you are under 18 years of age, then please do not use or access the Dixa Services. Should we learn that Personal Data has been collected through the Dixa Services from children under 18 years of age without verifiable parental consent, we will seek to delete this information.
To the extent that a minor has posted content on the Dixa Services which is available for a group of people, the minor has the right to have this content deleted or removed using options described in this Policy. Even though we will do our outmost to permanently remove content, we cannot guarantee the deletion will be complete.
7. Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the Personal Data in our possession. This includes, for example, firewalls, password protection and other access and authentication controls. We use SSL technology to encrypt data during transmission through public internet, and we also employ application-layer security features to further anonymize Personal Data.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service, and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. If you believe your Personal Data has been compromised, please contact us as set forth in the “How to Contact Us” section.
If we learn of a security systems breach, we will inform you and the authorities of the occurrence of the breach in accordance with applicable law.
8. Cookies
We use “cookies” to track use and allow customers to purchase Subscriptions to the Dixa Services. Please note that these cookies do not contain or pass any personal, confidential or financial information or any other information that could be used to identify individual visitors or customers. Please note that you are free to refuse cookies. However, for purely technical reasons this may prevent you from using some of the features of the Dixa Services. Please see our separate
Cookie Policy
.
9. Data storage and transfer
We may store, process and transfer Personal Data we collect through the Dixa Services in centralized databases and with service providers located in the U.S. The U.S. may not have the same data protection framework as the country from which you may be using the Dixa Services. When we transfer Personal Data to the U.S., we will protect it as described in this Privacy Policy.
The Dixa Services are hosted in the United States or EU. EU customers’ databases will be hosted in our EU datacenter, however, regardless hereof please note that you may be transferring your Customer Data and Personal Data to the United States for storage and processing by our service providers listed here: https://www.dixa.com/3rd-party-service. We will comply with GDPR requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of Personal Data from EU to the U.S.
10. Data Processing
Dixa does not own, control or direct the use of any of the Customer Data stored or processed by a Customer or user via the Dixa Services. Dixa is largely unaware of what Customer Data is actually being stored or made available by a Customer to the Dixa Service and does not directly access such Customer Data unless authorized by the Customer, or as necessary to provide the Dixa Services to the Customer and its customers/ users.
Dixa is not responsible for the content of the Personal Data contained in the Customer Data or other information stored on its servers or its subcontractors’ servers at the discretion of the Customer nor is Dixa  responsible for the manner in which the Customer collects, handles, distributes or otherwise processes such information.
11. Changes to privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy. If we make changes, we will post them and will indicate the Policy’s new effective date. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will notify you by email or through notice in the Dixa Services.
Your continued use of the Dixa Services after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the Policy.
12. Contact and complaint
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Policy, your Personal Data, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email to
privacy@dixa.com
. If you have any concerns or complaints about Dixa’s handling of your Personal Data, please contact us and we will do our best to meet your concerns. Other than that you have the right to bring a complaint to the proper data protection authority.
Product
Product Tour
Dixa Channels
Dixa Team Hub
Dixa Conversation Engine
Dixa Discover
AI & Automation
Mim AI Agent
Integrations
Pricing
Customers
Resources
Blog
eBooks & Reports
Videos
Events and Webinars
Newsroom
Help Center
Product releases
System status
API Documentation
Book a demo