Customer Privacy Policy
Maintaining Data Privacy
and Data Protection is a priority for Clenergy EV Ltd. Please read this Privacy
Notice carefully to understand when we may collect personal data, how and why
we use it, the legal basis of this use, and your rights with respect to the
processing.
The company responsible for this website is:
Clenergy EV Ltd
The Mill House
Erw
Hir
Llantrisant
CF72 8BY
Registered in England and
Wales with company number 10932260.
Please direct any questions
relating to Data Privacy including this notice to our Data Protection Officer, William
David. He can be contacted by email at
will@clenergy-ev.com
, in writing at the above address or by
calling 03330 129095.
Personal data we may collect
We may collect and process
the following data from you:
Contact: details of how to
contact you e.g. title, name, address, email address, telephone numbers, any
other information you choose to divulge as part of a query.
Property: details of a
property / location – e.g. address.
Vehicle: details of your
vehicle e.g. make and model.
Any other personal
information that you provide to us during a phone call.
Marketing Preference: your
consent for us to send marketing materials, preferred channels.
Cookies: information about
website visits, interactions.
Your communications with
the company for tracking faults.
When do we collect your personal data?
If you decide to contact
us
you will be invited to provide Contact details that will
allow us to handle your enquiry effectively. We may also invite you to provide
Marketing preference information. Provision of this data is completely
voluntary, and our legal basis in processing this data is Legitimate Interest,
namely our desire to respond to your enquiry. We need the information you
provide to do so effectively, and judge that this is how you would expect us to
use the information supplied. If you contact us by phoning our Customer Service
team, your call, and therefore your personal data, may be recorded. Our legal
basis in processing this data is Legitimate Interest, namely for training and
monitoring purposes.
If your enquiry relates to
potential purchase of products or services from us, you will be invited to
provide additional personal data needed for us to handle your enquiry
effectively. This may include Property and/or Vehicle information. Provision of
this data is completely voluntary, and our legal basis for processing this data
is Contract as we are in the preparatory stages that aim to establish a
contract.
The links to the other
providers
are
used to enable you to get discounts and
other associated services from those providers. The legal basis for taking this
information is consent as it is your decision to add this data
If you decide to provide us
with Marketing Preference data indicating consent for us to send you marketing
information
we will retain this data and use it along with
the associated Contact information to deliver information about products and
services we feel may be of interest to you. Our legal basis for processing data
under these circumstances is Consent.
You may only provide us
with the personal data of another person if you have previously obtained that
person’s consent to the processing of their personal data, have informed them
of our identity as a Data Controller and of the nature of the processing taking
place. Records must be retained by you as evidence of this consent and provided
to us on request.
Where we are processing
your data based on your Consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time. We
provide simple ways of doing this where we can (e.g. cookie consent form,
unsubscribe links in emails). In any instance you can ask for your consent to
be withdrawn by contacting us by email at
info@clenergy-ev.com
or by phone or letter to our Customer Services team. Customer Service
contact details are provided on our website and written communications.
How long do we keep your information?
Clenergy EV Ltd operates a
clear Retention policy and associated Retention Schedule to ensure personal
data is kept only for so long as is necessary for the purpose for which such
information is collected, after which we make it non-identifiable or delete it.
The actual length of time
data is retained will depend on the purpose for which it was collected. In the
case of Contact data relating to an enquiry not resulting in any further
agreement between us we will delete personal data six months after the date of
our last contact. In the case of personal data from recorded calls, we will
delete these calls after four months. For web shop purchases, we do not retain
payment card details after completion of the payment transaction.
You have certain rights to
request deletion of your personal data at any time under rights described
below.
Who do we share your personal data with?
We contract with third
parties to host the servers supporting our websites and other aspects of our
operations. These servers are installed in secure datacentres located within
the EEA.
We may disclose your
personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries,
strategic partner(s) or strategic sponsor(s), our ultimate holding company and
its subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006, its
strategic partner(s) or strategic sponsor(s).
As part of our GDPR
compliance obligations, we are duty bound to check when personal data may be
shared with third parties to ensure that they apply the same or greater
controls in terms of data protection. The use of non-disclosure agreements form
part of our third-party data sharing controls.
We may disclose your
personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell
or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data
to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
if we or substantially all
of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held
by it about our customers will be one of the transferred assets; or
if we are under a duty to
disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal
obligation or in order to enforce or apply other agreements;
to protect the rights,
property or safety of Clenergy EV Ltd, our customers or others.
Clenergy EV Ltd has risk
assessed where personal information may be transferred outside the EEA. As part
of our own due diligence we have identified that personal data held for and by Clenergy
EV Ltd resides in the EU. Clenergy EV Ltd will continue to monitor this for Clenergy
EV Ltd considering any 3rd party provider changes in the future. Should a
requirement for data to be transferred outside of the EU in future, Clenergy EV
Ltd will implement controls and safeguards to ensure that equal to or greater
data protection measures are
enforced
and records
retained to evidence this.
Changes to our privacy notice
We may make minor changes
to our Privacy notice in the future and will post these to this page on our
website. If we make any significant
changes
we will
take additional steps to inform you.
Your rights relating to Personal Data
As a data subject, you have
certain rights which we aim to uphold as follows. Please note that rights are
not absolute and are subject to certain qualification and exceptions.
Right to be informed: You
have the right to receive clear, transparent and understandable information
about how we process your data. Our Privacy Notices including this one aim to
meet this need.
Right to access: You can
ask us for a copy of personal data we hold about you.
Right to rectification: You
can ask us to correct any error you identify in data we hold about you.
Right to erasure: You can
ask us to delete data we hold about you. We will do so unless we have a
compelling reason to retain (e.g. legal requirement, prevention of fraud).
Right to restrict
processing: You can ask us to stop using your personal data.
Right to data portability:
You can ask us to provide your personal data in a form suitable for use by
another organisation.
Right to object: You can
object to our processing where we are doing so under the legal basis of
Legitimate Interest.
Right not to be subject to
automated decision-making including profiling: we don’t do
this
so this right has no relevance in this context.
If you would like to
contact us in connection with exercising any of these
rights
please do by email
will@clenergy-ev.com
or by phone or letter to our Customer Services team. Customer Service
contact details are provided on our website and written communications. We aim
to respond to any requests you make within seven (7) working days.
Queries and Complaints
If you have questions or
concerns to our handling of your personal data, please contact our Data
Protection Officer using the contact details provided at the top of this
notice.
If you are within the
EU
you also have the right to raise a privacy concern with
Data Protection Authority established within your country. Contact details for
each EU data protection authority can be found here:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
Website Links
Our website may contain
links to third-party sites. This privacy notice does not apply to those
third-party sites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note
that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept
any responsibility or liability for these sites or their policies.