Skip to content
Privacy Policy
It is inTrade (GB) Ltd [trading as: NOSH Books] policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you or which you may provide to us, in the circumstances set out below. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose, safeguard and otherwise make use of your personally identifiable information (“Personal Data”).

We will only collect and use your Personal Data where:
we have lawful grounds to do so, including to comply with our legal obligations;
we are performing a contract with you for our services; and
we have legitimate interests in using your Personal Data and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (“GDPR”), we, inTrade (GB) Ltd [trading as: NOSH Books], are the “data controller”. If you have any questions about this policy or about how we use your Personal Data, please contact us via our contact details at the end of this policy.

This policy is effective as of 23/05/18. We review our privacy practices on an ongoing basis, and as such we may change this privacy policy from time to time. Please check this page frequently to ensure you are familiar with its current content.

Personal Data we collect via our website www.www.noshbooks.com

Personal Data that you provide to us

We only collect Personal Data where you choose to interact with us on the Website in the
following ways:

When you sign-up to: receive free content, including eBooks, videos and offers;

In this instance we will collect:
Email address
First name
Last name
Data that we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain information when you visit our Website – such as the type of browser and operating system you are using, and the domain name of your Internet service provider. We do not link this information with any Personal Data.
We may also collect data automatically through our use of cookies on the Website. Please see our cookie policy to find out about the types of cookies we set and why, and how you can adjust your settings to disable cookies.
2. Use of your Personal Data
We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we use your Personal Data to:
• process and manage your use of our website;
• respond to your questions, comments and requests;
• where you have opted-in to receive marketing from us, deliver communications that are
relevant to your preferences / may be of interest to you;
• improve our services and Website through analysis of information.
3. Sharing of your Personal Data
We take your privacy seriously and will not share your Personal Data with others, except as permitted by applicable law or as set out below:

We may share Personal Data as necessary with third parties who provide services or functions on our behalf and who require the information to provide those specific services to us. These third parties may include social media advertising platforms such as Facebook and Google Adwords for the purpose of custom audience generation and the development of targeting criteria for other audiences. Please note that we have appropriate data privacy safeguards in place with third parties with whom we share Personal Data as described above and who are providing services or functions on our behalf.
4. Keeping your Personal Data secure
We have implemented security policies and technical measures to safeguard the Personal Data we collect. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable law, including the GDPR, to safeguard Personal Data from accidental loss,
destruction or damage and unauthorised access, use and disclosure.
5. Retention periods for use of your Personal Data
We will use and store your Personal Data only for as long as necessary, bearing in mind the uses of your Personal Data as described in this privacy policy and otherwise as communicated to you. We review the Personal Data we hold at regular intervals and delete permanently or anonymise any Personal Data which is no longer necessary.
6. Children
This Website and our services are aimed at adults, and we do not knowingly collect any
Personal Data relating to children aged under 15 years old. If you are under the age of 15,
please do not provide us with any of your Personal Data, including your email address.
7. Access to and control over your Personal Data.
You have legal rights under applicable law in relation to your Personal Data. You can ask the following questions, or take the following actions, at any time by contacting us via email: us@www.noshbooks.com or via our postal address: 24 Beverley Crescent, Bedford, Bedfordshire, MK40 4BY
• see what Personal Data we hold about you (if any), including why we are holding it and who it could be disclosed to;
• ask us to change/correct your Personal Data;
• ask us to delete your Personal Data;
• object to the processing of your Personal Data;
• ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Data;
• withdraw any consents you have given us to the processing of your Personal Data; and
• express any concerns you have about third parties’ use of your Personal Data.
8. Change of purpose
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we
reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to have an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
9. Contact Us
Our full details are: inTrade (GB) Ltd [trading as: NOSH Books]
Email for Privacy Questions: us@www.noshbooks.com
Postal Address: 24 Beverley Crescent, Bedford, Bedfordshire, MK40 4BY
Cookies Policy
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience.
This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.

We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this).

Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
This site offers opt-in newsletter and email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.

In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.

For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.

From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.

In some cases we may provide you with custom content based on what you tell us about yourself either directly or indirectly by linking a social media account. These types of cookies simply allow us to provide you with content that we feel may be of interest to you.
We may also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Plus, Pinterest, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However if you are still looking for more information you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods.
Email:
us@www.noshbooks.com
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Ok
Privacy Policy