To main content
Original Games Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 6, 2023
This Privacy Policy describes Original Games Pte. Ltd.’s policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use our Services and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
We may use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Services. By using the Services, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Definitions
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for you to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application
or
Game
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device.
Business
, for the purpose of the
CCPA
(California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018), refers to the
Company
as the legal entity that collects Consumers' personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers' personal information.
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Policy) refers to Original Games Pte. Ltd., address: 68 Circular Road, 049422, Singapore.
For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Consumer
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act 2018, as amended), means a natural person who is a California resident, as defined in the law.
Data Controller
, for the purposes of the
GDPR
(General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone, other mobile device or a digital tablet.
Facebook Fan Page
is a public profile named Merge Inn specifically created by the Company on the Facebook social network, accessible from
https://www.facebook.com/MergeInn/
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual; regardless of us collecting such data or not in our services.
For the purposes for GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to you such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you.
Sale
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer's personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Service
, refers to the Company provided Applications or the Company Website(s) or both.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used. For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.
Website
refers to Original Games website, accessible from
https://originalgames.io/
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), you can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Personal Data Collected
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you or collect Usage Data automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website or when you access the website by or through a mobile device.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide, operate and maintain our Service and enable you to use our Service appropriately
, including to monitor the usage of our Service, making sure our Service functions as intended and error free or enabling us to provide you a localized version of our service.
To manage your Account
,
if applicable
: to manage your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data you provide can give you access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to you as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract
: the development, compliance, verification and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services you have purchased or of any other transaction with Us through the Service.
To contact you
: To contact you by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide you
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or based on your activity in our Services.
To manage your requests
: To attend and manage your requests to us.
For business transfers
: We may use your data to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
: We may use your data for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience; or additional purposes compatible with the purposes listed above.
We may share your data in the following situations:
With Service Providers
: We may share your data with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to show advertisements to you, to help support and maintain our Service, or for payment processing.
For business transfers
: We may share or transfer your data in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; in which case we will require any 3rd party to honor this Privacy Policy.
With Affiliates
: We may share your data with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
With other users
: when you share personal information or otherwise interact with other users, such information may be viewed by some or all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
With Your consent
: We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those from your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before any circumstances would emerge in which your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of your Personal Data is extremely important to us, but no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
The Service Providers we use may have access to your data. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about your activity on our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service and our marketing activities, such as:
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps webpage:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Appsflyer
Appsflyer is a marketing measurement, analytics, engagement, and fraud protection service provided by AppsFlyer Ltd.
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Advertising
We may use Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service to be available free of charge.
Our service providers may use device identifiers, in particular Advertising IDs but also IP addresses or other identifiers to target advertising to you. The Advertising ID is known as the Identifier for Advertisers (“IDFA”) on iOS devices and Google Advertising Identifier (“GAID”) on Android devices.
Such IDs are used for interest-based advertising and other advertising related purposes, e.g limiting the number of similar ads shown to you. You can control the extent to which your ID is used for these purposes. Using the privacy settings on your iOS/Android mobile device, you should be able to reset and/or limit the use of your ID by any application. Please note that resetting or limiting the use of your any ad-related IDs will not stop you from seeing ads, but the ads you see are likely to be less relevant to you.
There are several third-party information resources on mobile privacy, e.g. https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice, that you can refer to for further information, and/or you can refer to the privacy policies of our service providers, such as:
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app" page:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
AdColony
AdColony is provided by Jirbo Inc.
You can opt-out from AdColony service by visiting the AdColony Opt-out page:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
You can also opt-out from AdColony through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
For more information AdColony, please visit the Privacy Policy of AdColony:
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AppLovin
AppLovin is provided by the AppLovin Corporation.
If you'd like to opt-out from AppLovin service, please visit the AppLovin Opt-out page:
https://www.applovin.com/optout
If you'd like to learn more about AppLovin, please visit the Privacy Policy page of AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Vungle
Vungle is provided by Vungle Inc.
You can opt-out from Vungle service by following the instructions as described by Vungle on their Privacy Policy page:
http://vungle.com/privacy/
For more information about Vungle, please visit Vungle Privacy Policy:
http://vungle.com/privacy/
Unity Ads
Unity Ads is provided by Unity Technologies.
For information on what type of information Unity Technologies collects, please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
You can prevent Unity Ads from using your information by opting-out. To opt-out of Unity Analytics, please visit this page:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Ironsource
Ironsource is provided by IronSource Ltd.
For information on what type of information Ironsource collects, please visit their Privacy Policy page: https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Fyber
Fyber is provided by Fyber N.V.
For information on what type of information Fyber collects, please visit their Privacy Policy page
https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/
Pangle
Pangle is provided by Bytedance Pte. Ltd.
For information on what type of information Pangle collects, please visit their Privacy Policy page
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy/enduser-en
Tapjoy
Tapjoy is provided by Tapjoy Inc
For information on what type of information Tapjoy collects, please visit their Privacy Policy page
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/general/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Facebook is provided by Facebook, Inc.
For information on what type of information Facebook collects, please visit their Privacy Policy page
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Payments
We may provide paid features and/or services within the Company Applications. In that case, we may use third-party services and commissionaires for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information. For further information, please refer to the following resources:
Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
GDPR Privacy
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR
We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:
Consent
: You have given your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract
: Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations
: Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests
: Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests
: Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests
: Processing Personal Data is based on the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
Your Rights under the GDPR
The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise your rights.
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if you are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data
. The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you. This also enables you to receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you.
Request correction of the Personal Data that we hold about you
. You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Object to processing of your Personal Data
. This right exists where we are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for our processing and there is something about your particular situation, which makes you want to object to our processing of your Personal Data on this ground.
Request erasure of your Personal Data
. You have the right to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is not a reasonable reason for us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of your Personal Data
. We will provide to you, or to a third-party you have chosen, your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw Your consent
. If we have obtained your consent to use your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw your consent on using your Personal Data. If you withdraw Your consent, we may not be able to provide you with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights
You may exercise your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting us. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. If you make a request, we will try our best to respond to you without unreasonable delay.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, if you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact your local data protection authority in the EEA.
Facebook Fan Page
Data Controller for the Facebook Fan Page
The Company is the Data Controller of Your Personal Data collected while using the Service. As operator of the Facebook Fan Page
https://www.facebook.com/MergeInn/
, the Company and the operator of the social network Facebook, Facebook Inc, are Joint Controllers.
The Company has entered into agreements with Facebook that define the terms for use of the Facebook Fan Page, among other things. These terms are mostly based on the Facebook Terms of Service:
https://www.facebook.com/terms.php
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook Privacy Policy here: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation or contact Facebook online, or by mail: Facebook, Inc. ATTN, Privacy Operations, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States.
CCPA Privacy for California residents
This privacy notice section for California residents supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy and it applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California, United States, as you are entitled to receive specific information on how we process your data under CCPA.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
We may collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular Consumer or Device. The following is a list of categories of personal information which we may collect or may have been collected from California residents within the last twelve (12) months.
Please note that the categories and examples provided in the list below are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact collected by us, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been collected. For example, certain categories of personal information would ever only be collected if you provided such personal information directly to Us.
Category A: Identifiers.
Examples: A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Collected: Yes.
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Examples: A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Collected: Yes, if you provided such personal information directly to us
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Examples: Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Collected: No.
Category D: Commercial information.
Examples: Records and history of products or services purchased or considered.
Collected: Yes.
Category E: Biometric information.
Examples: Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
Collected: No.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Examples: Interaction with our Service or advertisement.
Collected: Yes.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Examples: Approximate physical location.
Collected: No.
Category H: Sensory data.
Examples: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Collected: No.
Category I: Professional or employment-related information.
Examples: Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Collected: No.
Category J: Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Examples: Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Collected: No.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Examples: Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Collected: No.
Under CCPA, personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope
Sources of Personal Information
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from You
. For example, preferences you express or provide through our Service, or from your purchases on our Service.
Indirectly from You
. For example, from observing your activity on our Service.
Automatically from You
. For example, through analytics data we or our Service Providers collect of your device.
From Service Providers
. For example, third-party service providers we use to provide advertising on our Service, third-party vendors for payment processing, or other third-party service providers that we use to provide the Service to you.
Use of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes
We may use or disclose personal information we collect for "business purposes" or "commercial purposes" (as defined under the CCPA), which may include the following examples:
To operate our Service and provide you with our Service.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our Service.
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your contact information to ask a question about our Service, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations, or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
For internal administrative and auditing purposes.
To detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Please note that the examples provided above are illustrative and not intended to be exhaustive. For more details on how we use this information, please refer to the "Use of Your Personal Data" section.
If we decide to collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes we will update this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes
We may use or disclose and may have used or disclosed in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Category D: Commercial information
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Please note that the categories listed above are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact collected, used or disclosed, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been disclosed.
When we disclose personal information for a business purpose or a commercial purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Sale of Personal Information
As defined in the CCPA, "sell" and "sale" mean selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal information by the business to a third party for valuable consideration. This means that we may have received some kind of benefit in return for sharing personal information, but not necessarily a monetary benefit. We do not sell your personal information in exchange for money, but may disclose a limited amount of personal data to our service providers to enable them to deliver targeted advertising.
Please note that the categories listed below are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact sold, as defined in CCPA, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been shared for value in return.
We may sell and may have sold in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of personal information:
Category A: Identifiers
Category D: Commercial information
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Share of Personal Information
We may share your personal information identified in the above categories with the following categories of third parties:
Service Providers
Payment processors
Our affiliates
Our business partners
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to You
Sale of Personal Information of Minors Under 16 Years of Age
We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors under the age of 16 through our Service, nor knowingly pass any such data to our service providers. Third-party service providers have their own terms of use and privacy policies and we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and instruct their children to never provide information without parental permission.
We do not sell the personal information of Consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age without affirmative authorization. Consumers who opt-in to the sale of personal information may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by contacting us.
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 (or 16) has provided us with personal information, please contact us with sufficient detail to enable us to delete that information.
Your Rights under the CCPA
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. If You are a resident of California, you have the following rights:
The right to know
. You have the right to know which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to request
. Under CCPA, you have the right to request that we disclose information to you about our collection, use, sale, disclosure for business purposes and share of personal information. Once we receive and confirm your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you
If we sold your personal information or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, we will disclose to you the categories of personal information categories sold or disclosed.
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data (opt-out)
. You have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information. To submit an opt-out request please contact us.
The right to delete Personal Data
. You have the right to request the deletion of your Personal Data, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your request, we will delete (and direct our Service Providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our Service Providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
The right not to be discriminated against
. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your consumer's rights under CCPA.
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights
In order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if You are a California resident, you can contact Us:
By email: privacy@originalgames.io
By visiting this page on our website:
https://originalgames.io/ppsg.html
By contacting us through the settings menu in our games.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable request related to your personal information.
Your request to us must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We unfortunately cannot respond to your request or provide you with the required information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you.
We will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary and with prior notice.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable request's receipt.
For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide Your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. Once we receive and confirm a verifiable consumer request from you, we will stop selling your personal information. To exercise your right to opt-out, please contact us.
The Service Providers we partner with (for example, our analytics or advertising partners) may use technology on the Service that sells personal information as defined by the CCPA law. If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below.
Your mobile device may provide you in the settings the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests:
"Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" on Android devices
"Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices
Children's Privacy
Under our Terms of Service, you represent that you are not under the age of 13, and our Service is not targeted to, nor does it address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our service and servers.
Your California Privacy Rights (California's Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California's Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
If you'd like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if you are a California resident, you can contact us using the contact information provided below.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allows California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if you are a California resident, you can contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account.
Please note that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Links to Other Services
Our Service may contain links to other websites or services that are not operated by Us. If you click on a third-party link, you may be directed to that third party's service.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services. We advise you to review the Privacy Policy of the sites you visit.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We may also inform you about any changes by other means if appropriate to the significance of the changes and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us:
By email: privacy@originalgames.io
By visiting this page on our website:
https://originalgames.io/ppsg.html
By contacting us through the settings menu in our Games.