This Privacy
Policy is designed to explain how our company, Towards Mars Limited, uses the
personal data we collect from you when you use any Towards Mars game, application
or any other digital content (hereinafter “
TM Service
”). The security of
your personal information is important to us, and we want to help you feel more
confident about the privacy and security of your information.
By using the TM Service,
you agree to the collection and use of your personal information by us in
accordance with this Privacy Policy. By using the TM Service, you agree and
acknowledge that our partners may collect limited aspects of your personal data
(such as online data) while you use the TM Service. If you do not agree to the
terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any information and
do not use the TM Service.
This Privacy
Policy (together with our Terms and Conditions of Use) sets out the basis on
which we process any personal information we may collect from you, or that you
provide to us through the TM Service, as well as what personal data we collect
and what are your data protection rights.
If you have any
questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, the data we hold on you,
or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please
contact us at:
https://support.towardsmars.com
. Should you wish to report a
complaint or if you feel that we have not addressed your concern in a
satisfactory manner, you may contact the corresponding Supervisory Authority of
the Republic of Cyprus. The terms “We”/”Us”/”Towards Mars” when used in this
Privacy Policy means Towards Mars Limited., and “you”/”your” means you as a
user of any of our TM Service.
SECTIONS:
1.
Age
Requirements
2.
Information
We May Collect from You
3.
How We
Use Your Information
4.
How We
Share Your Information
5.
How and
Where We Store Your Information
6.
How We May
Use Cookies
7.
Links
8.
Advertisers and Marketing
9.
Keeping Your Account Secure
10.
Your Data Protection Rights
11.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
1. AGE REQUIREMENTS
We do not
knowingly collect personal information from children under 18 years of age. If
you are under 18 years old, please do not provide any personal information to
us.
2. INFORMATION
WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
2.1 We may
collect and process the following information about you:
2.1.1
information that you provide when registering online for our TM Service;
2.1.2
information that you publish on your user profile or which you post on in-game
message boards. Please note that information that you voluntarily make public
in your user profile, or which you disclose by posting comments will be
publicly available and viewable by others. We do not hold any liability for any
information that you voluntarily choose to be public through such and/or other
explicit actions;
2.1.3
information that you authorize a third party (e.g., a social network such as
Facebook) to share with us, such as your email address or other information
that may identify you;
2.1.4
correspondence, or a record of it, if you should contact us;
2.1.5 customer surveys
or feedbacks that you voluntarily complete;
2.1.6
statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns, which does not
identify you.
3. HOW WE USE
YOUR INFORMATION
3.1 We use
information held about you for the below specific purposes:
3.1.1 to ensure
that the TM Service is presented in the most effective manner for you and for
your device;
3.1.2 to
identify you when you use the TM Service;
3.1.3 to answer
your questions and improve the TM Service;
3.1.4 to notify
you about changes to our TM Service;
3.1.5 to provide
you with updates and other information about special offers and new features of
our TM Service we think you might like; and
3.1.6 for
marketing purposes where you agree to this by not turning off this setting on
your device (refer to your device settings) or withdraw your consent, by
contacting us.
4. HOW WE SHARE
YOUR INFORMATION
4.1
By using the TM Service you agree that we
may share your personal information with third parties in the following
circumstances:
4.1.1 for
marketing purposes;
4.1.2 to other
members of the Towards Mars Limited group of companies, our partners and
service providers for the purpose of: managing or administering certain aspects
of our TM Service; for analytics purposes; so that they may offer you their products
and services and to help us develop new services;
4.1.3 to protect
the rights, property or safety of us or other TM Service users;
4.1.4 where we
are obliged, or permitted, to do so by law; or
4.1.5 if we (or
substantially all of our assets) are acquired by a third party, in which case
personal information held by us about our users will be one of the transferred
assets. We may pass aggregated information to third parties about how our users
use our TM Service but this will not include information which could be used to
identify you.
5. HOW AND WHERE
WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
5.1 We take
appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect the personal
information that we hold. We limit access to your personal information to those
persons required for the execution of the specific purposes as specified in
Clause 3 above, to carry out their duties.
5.2 We take all
possible measures to securely store your personal information in the territory
of USA and the Netherlands. Your personal data is encrypted and stored under
the password and any access to your personal data is limited.
5.3 We will keep
your personal information for a period of at least 180 days since your last access
to TM Service. Once this time period has expired, we reserve the right to
delete your personal information.
5.4 The personal
information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a
destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed
by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us and for the specific
purposes detailed in Clause 3 above, one of our associated companies and
partners or a third party engaged by us. By submitting your personal
information to us, you agree to such transfer, storing or processing.
5.5. The
protection offered by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) travels
with the personal information, meaning that the rules protecting personal data
continue to apply regardless of where the data lands. The processing, including
the transfer itself, of the personal data has been and will continue to be
carried out in accordance with the relevant provisions of the applicable data
protection law of the Republic of Cyprus. In any case, we will take all steps
reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated
securely at all times and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
6. HOW WE MAY USE
COOKIES
6.1 Cookies are
text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information
and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect
information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
6.2 We use cookies
and similar technologies such as local storage within our apps to provide and
optimize our TM Service. You can control which cookies you get and which you
keep on your device through your browser settings. Unless you have adjusted
your browser settings so that it will refuse our cookies, our system will issue
cookies when you visit our website. However, if you do not accept cookies you
may not be able to take advantage of many of the special features of the TM Service.
6.3 We use
cookies to keep track of the pages you and other users have been to on our TM Service.
Cookies enable to recognize you and remember important information that will
make your use of our TM Service more convenient (e.g., by remembering your user
preferences). This information could include what language you prefer and
location you are in.
6.4 We also use
cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you
viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and
your IP address. We sometimes share some limited aspects of this data with
third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected
through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit
another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns
on our website.
6.5 All of the
major browsers offer tips and guidance for managing the cookies available on
your browser. There are also lots of different third-party browser plugins and
extensions available which you can download to make it easier to see and
control your cookies.
6.6 You can find
out more about internet advertising by visiting the following websites:
www.allaboutcookies.org, www.yourchoicesonline.eu, and
www.networkadvertising.org. Some of these sites enable you to opt out of online
behavioral advertising and other tracking cookies (in addition to the control
settings on your browser).
7. LINKS
Our TM Service
may contain links to and from other websites and services. Our Privacy Policy
applies only to our websites and we are not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of any third-party sites. Please check the individual
privacy policy of any such websites or services before you submit any personal
information to them.
8. ADVERTISERS
AND MARKETING
8.1 We may from
time to time use third party advertisers or sponsors on our TM Service. In the
event that we do so we will not disclose identifiable information about
individuals but we may provide them with aggregated information about our
users. We may also use such aggregated information to help advertisers reach
the kind of audience they want to target (for example, men in London). We may
make use of the personal information we have collected from you to enable us to
comply with our advertisers’ and sponsors’ wishes by displaying their
advertisement to that target audience.
9. KEEPING YOUR
ACCOUNT SECURE
9.1 Where we
have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to
access certain parts of the TM Service, you are responsible for keeping this
password confidential and you are responsible for any misuse of such
information. You must change your password on a regular basis and must not
share your password with anyone.
9.2 You are
solely responsible for the security and confidentiality of your account. Please
ensure that you do not allow anyone else to access the TM Service in your name and
sign off after you have finished accessing your account.
9.3 You are
responsible for all orders, and for the accuracy of all information, sent via
the internet using your user ID, password or any other personal identification
used to identify you on the TM Service.
9.4 You will be
liable to us for all orders or transactions placed by use of your user ID and
password, even if such use might be wrongful. We will not be liable to you for
any loss that you may incur as a result of misuse of your user ID and password,
and we accept no liability resulting from its unauthorized use, whether
fraudulent or otherwise.
10. YOUR DATA
PROTECTION RIGHTS
We would like to
make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user
is entitled to the following:
The right to
access
– you
have the right to request us for copies of your personal data. Your right of
access can be exercised in accordance with the Republic of Cyprus Law on Legal
Protection of Personal Data. Contact us at:
https://support.towardsmars.com
for
details. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to
rectification
– you have the right to request us to correct any information you believe is
inaccurate. You also have the right to request us to complete the information
you believe is incomplete.
The right to
erasure
– you
have the right to request us to erase your personal data, under certain
conditions. You acknowledge and agree that execution of your right to erasure
leads to termination of your account in TM Service. Contact us at:
https://support.towardsmars.com
for
details.
The right to
restrict processing
– you have the right to request us to restrict the processing
of your personal data for marketing, analytics or other purposes and under
certain conditions.
The right to
object to processing
– you have the right to object to our processing of your
personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to
data portability
– you have the right to request us to transfer the data that we have collected
to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a
request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any
of these rights, or to “opt out” from collection of your information, please
contact us at
https://support.towardsmars.com
.
11. CHANGES TO
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We occasionally
modify our Privacy Policy and any changes we may make to it in the future will
be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail or
other message. This privacy policy was last updated on 10 September 2023.