Privacy Policy
Photo Editor understands how important the privacy of Personal Information is to our users. We understand that your privacy matters and we respect your privacy choices. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, in connection with the Services will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how we will collect, use and disclose your personal information.
1. Information Collected About You
We may collect information about you such as: personal information including, for example, your name; home or business address; e-mail address; telephone, wireless or fax number; short message service or text message address or other wireless device address; instant messaging address; credit or debit card or other payment information; demographic information or other information that may identify you as an individual or allow online or offline contact with you as an individual. Certain information through the use of “cookies,” which are small text files that are saved by your browser when you access our Services. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to identify that you’ve logged in to the Services and to tell us how and when you interact with our Services. We may also use cookies to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our Services and to customize and improve our Services. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted when you log off from the Services and close your browser. Although most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies. Please note, however, that if you don’t accept cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Services. Some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party advertisers) may also place their own cookies on your browser. Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of cookies and does not include use of cookies by such third parties. Information that you provide by filling in forms through the Services. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the Services, subscribing to the Services, and posting material to the Services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us and when you report a problem to us with the Services. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
2. Confidentiality and Security
Any information you provide will be held securely and in accordance with applicable privacy laws. We do not provide your personal information to any third party without your specific consent. We have put in place technical, physical, and administrative safeguards to protect the Personal Information we collect. However, you also have a role in protecting the security of your information; for example, you should guard your password and not permit unauthorized use of your account.
3. How Information Collected About You Is Used
We may use information we collect about you to:
Administer your account;
Ensure that content provided by the Services is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
Provide you with access to particular tools and services;
Respond to your inquiries and send you administrative communications;
Obtain your feedback on our sites and our offerings;
Statistically analyze user behaviour and activity;
Conduct research and measurement activities;
Notify you about changes to the Services.
4. With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
Photo Editor will not disclose any Personal Information about you unless you specifically agreed to by you or: To comply with legal requirements, such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; In special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others; In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. If Photo Editor or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets. Photo Editor does not make your Personal Information available to third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent.
5. Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by following the opt-out instruction in the marketing material you receive or by contacting us at any time by email at support@bodytuneapp.com The Services may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these websites or their policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.
6. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Photo Editor reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time, and will notify users of the Services by posting such changed or updated Privacy Policy on this page. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your agreement to abide by the Privacy Policy as changed. Under certain circumstances (for example, if we would like to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time of collection), we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Policy by additional means, such as by sending you an email.