Privacy Policy
The Beauty Buddy Ltd. - Beauty buddy, the app
This page is used to inform website visitors and app users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) if anyone decided to use our Service. Personally Identifiable Information is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Identifiable Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your Personally Identifiable Information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at The Beauty Buddy unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, when registering for or using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Name, Email Address, Images and User Name. The information that we request is/will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
We may also use information we collect from you when you sign-up for a newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following way;
To send periodic emails regarding products and services
To assist with calls you make to us
To communicate promotional offers and special events that may be of interest to you
For our internal administrative, marketing, planning, product development and research
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Analytics Privacy Policy
At any time, you may opt out of receiving any communications from us or our agents (other than as required for us to sufficiently provide you with access to our App).
Information from integrated services like Facebook and Google
You can log into the app using single-sign-on (SSO) services such as Google, Apple and Facebook. If you decide to register through or otherwise grant access to a third-party social sharing network or integrated service, we may also collect personal information that is already associated with your integrated service. These services will allow the third party to authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share personal information with us such as your name and email address to create your Beauty Buddy account. If you choose to provide such information, during registration or otherwise, you are giving The Beauty Buddy permission to use, share and store it in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.
Public Information
The Beauty Buddy is public and reviews are immediately viewable and searchable by anyone around the world using the app. You can use The Beauty Buddy under a pseudonym (User Name) if you prefer not to use your name. Most activity on The Beauty Buddy is public, including your profile information. When you create Reviews/Ratings certain information like the date and time are captured.
You are responsible for your Reviews and other information you provide through our services, and you should
think carefully about what you make public
, especially if it is sensitive information.
Your Virtual Makeup Bag (selection of other names available such as Grooming Kit) can be public or private. It is your decision whether you want other app users to see what products you have and want. You can change this setting at any time.
Openness
You may request access to personal information we hold about you by writing/emailing to Privacy Manager at the Address/email below. You do not have to provide a reason for requesting access. When you request information, we will endeavour to provide you with a suitable range of choices as to how you access it (email or mail).
Any questions about this policy, or any complaint regarding treatment of your privacy by The Beauty Buddy should be made by email to the following address
hello@thebeautybuddy.com
or by mail to Privacy Manager, The Beauty Buddy, 281 River Forest, Leixlip, Kildare, Ireland
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service and in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser (if you allow) from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service. Cookies are used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service
To provide the Service on our behalf
To perform Service-related services or
To assist us in analysing how our Service is used
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties may on a confidential basis have access to your Personally Identifiable Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Agreements are in place with these agents to ensure your data is held in a correct GDPR compliant manner.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personally Identifiable Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we get your permission as described in How do we use your information. This does not include website hosting partners, data warehouses and other parties who assist us in operating our website, our app, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. The Beauty Buddy may  earn commission if you click on a link to an external site or if you make a purchase on that site.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 16. In the case we discover that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions. By registering as a member of Beauty Buddy you declare you are above the minimum for the digital age of consent in Ireland 16 years old.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Use of your content
You hereby grant The Beauty Buddy the worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free right and license to publish, display, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of and commercially exploit any material, information, notifications, reviews, articles or other types of communication (hereinafter referred to as the “User-Generated Content” or “UGC”) which you create on the app as a Registered User. We may freely use and transfer the UGC and disclose the UGC to third parties. Registered Users are liable for the UGC they publish on the app.
Contributors of UGC warrant in every context that the UGC is lawful and in compliance with the User Terms. If Beauty Buddy receives notice or otherwise becomes aware that UGC violates current legislation and/or the User Terms, we may delete the UGC without any notice, and we – dependent on the character of the violation – may inform the violated party and/or the authorities of the violation. Our right to delete will not be conditioned on an explanation, although we will strive to inform the Registered User about the deletion and the reason hereof.
We may at any time request information about the UGC from the Registered User, including documentation supporting the information included in the UGC, e.g. documentation evidencing that the UGC is based on an actual buying experience in an actual customer relation to the company to which the UGC relates.
Social media – this is information we use to build a better relationship with you as a customer and your social media interactions with Beauty Buddy and other members of the Beauty Buddy community.
GDPR
In line with GDPR requirements we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur we will notify you via email within 7 business days.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
We collect your email address in order to:
Inform you of campaigns that you have the opportunity to participate in. Including but not exclusive to Consumer Perception Trials, Consumer Video Content, Targeted Product Sampling and Market Research.
Send information, respond to inquiries and/or other requests or questions.
Send you additional information related to products and/or services that you reviewed or have/want in your virtual bag
Send you our weekly newsletter, which includes links to blogs you may be interested in, competition details, new brands and other beauty related information.
Communicate with you as a member of our Beauty Squad.
To be in accordance with the GDPR requirements we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used
Honour opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact us.
Updated 04/01/2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Analytics Terms of Service
These Google Analytics Terms of Service (this
"Agreement"
) are entered into by
                Google LLC (
"Google"
) and the
                entity executing this Agreement
                (
"You"
). This Agreement governs
                Your use of the standard Google Analytics (the
"Service"
). BY CLICKING THE "I
                ACCEPT" BUTTON, COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION
                PROCESS, OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
                YOU HAVE REVIEWED AND ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND ARE
                AUTHORIZED TO ACT ON BEHALF OF, AND BIND TO THIS
                AGREEMENT, THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT.
Our Service is a business tool. You must
                only use our Service exclusively for purposes
                relating to your trade, business, craft or
                profession.
In consideration of the parties’ respective rights
                and obligations that are described in this
                Agreement, the parties agree as follows:
1. Definitions.
"Account"
refers to the account
                for the Service and UA Properties and GA4
                Properties. For UA Properties, all Views (as
                applicable) associated with a single UA Property
                will have their Hits aggregated before determining
                the charge for the Service for that UA Property.
"Confidential Information"
includes any proprietary data and any other
                information disclosed by one party to the other in
                writing and marked "confidential" or disclosed
                orally and, within five business days, reduced to
                writing and marked "confidential". However,
                Confidential Information will not include any
                information that is or becomes known to the general
                public, which is already in the receiving party's
                possession prior to disclosure by a party or which
                is independently developed by the receiving party
                without the use of Confidential Information.
"Customer Data"
or "Google
                Analytics Data" means the data that you collect,
                process or store using the Service concerning the
                characteristics and activities of Users.
"Documentation"
means any
                accompanying documentation made available to You by
                Google for use with the Processing Software,
                including any documentation available online.
"Event"
means a base unit of
                measurement that is processed in the Service
                through a GA4 Property, which may include but is
                not limited to a page view, transaction, screen
                view or other interactions. An Event can be a call
                to the Service from various libraries or otherwise
                delivered to the Service by OSCIs.
“GA Property”
means a UA Property
                or GA4 Property, as applicable.
“GA4 Property”
(formerly known as
                an ‘App + Web’ property) means the compilation of
                Google Analytics settings and information
                associated with the same ‘Property ID’ to which
                Events are sent.
"GAMC"
means the Google Analytics
                Measurement Code, which is installed on a Property
                for the purpose of collecting Customer Data,
                together with any fixes, updates and upgrades
                provided to You.
“Google Affiliates”
means Google
                and its wholly owned subsidiaries.
"Hit"
means a base unit of
                measurement that is sent to the Service for
                processing through a UA Property. Examples of Hits
                may include page view hits and ecommerce hits. A
                Hit can be a call to the Service by various
                libraries or otherwise delivered to the Service by
                OSCIs.
“OSCI”
means an
                “
Officially Supported Client
                Interface
”, which is a mechanism or
                protocol made available by or supported by Google
                that can be used to send Hits or Events, as
                applicable, to the Service.
"Platform Home"
means the user
                interface through which You can access certain
                Google Marketing Platform-level functionality.
"Processing Software"
means the
                Google Analytics server-side software and any
                upgrades, which analyzes the Customer Data and
                generates the Reports.
"Property"
means any web page,
                application, other property or resource under Your
                control that sends data to Google Analytics.
"Privacy Policy"
means the privacy
                policy on a Property.
"Report"
means the resulting
                analysis shown at
analytics.google.com
, some of which
                may include analysis for a View or Events.
“SDKs”
mean certain software
                development kits, which may be used or incorporated
                into a Property app for the purpose of collecting
                Customer Data, together with any fixes, updates,
                and upgrades provided to You.
"Servers"
means the servers
                controlled by a Google Affiliate on which the
                Processing Software and Customer Data are stored.
"Software"
means the Processing
                Software, GAMC and/or SDKs.
"Third Party"
means any third
                party (i) to which You provide access to Your
                Account or (ii) for which You use the Service to
                collect information on the third party's behalf.
“UA Property”
means a
                “
Universal Analytics Property
”,
                which is the compilation of Google Analytics
                settings and information associated with the same
                ‘Property ID’ to which Hits are sent.
"Users"
means users and/or
                visitors to Your Properties.
"View"
means the collection of
                settings that together determine the information to
                be included in, or excluded from, Reports for UA
                Properties. For example, a View could be
                established to view a small portion of a web site
                as a unique Report.
The words
"include"
and
"including"
mean "including but
                not limited to”.
2. Fees and Service.
Subject to Section 15, the Service is provided
                without charge to You for (a) GA4 Properties and
                (b) UA Properties for up to 10 million Hits per UA
                Property per month. Google may change its fees and
                payment policies for the Service from time to time
                including the addition of costs for geographic
                data, the importing of cost data from search
                engines, or other fees charged to Google or another
                Google Affiliate by third party vendors for the
                inclusion of data in the Service reports. The
                changes to the fees or payment policies are
                effective upon Your acceptance of those changes
                which will be posted at
www.google.com/analytics/
. Unless
                otherwise stated, all fees are quoted in U.S.
                Dollars. Any outstanding balance becomes
                immediately due and payable upon termination of
                this Agreement and any collection expenses
                (including legal fees) incurred by Google will be
                included in the amount owed, and may be charged to
                the credit card or other billing mechanism
                associated with Your Google Ads account.
3. Member Account, Password, and Security.
To register for the Service, You must complete the
                registration process by providing Google with
                current, complete and accurate information as
                prompted by the registration form, including Your
                e-mail address (username) and password. You will
                protect Your passwords and take full responsibility
                for Your own, and third party, use of Your
                accounts. You are solely responsible for any and
                all activities that occur under Your Account (save
                for activities carried out by, or on behalf of,
                Google Affiliates). You will notify Google
                immediately upon learning of any unauthorized use
                of Your Account or any other breach of security.
                Google Affiliates’ support staff may, from time to
                time, log in to the Service under Your customer
                password in order to maintain the service,
                including to provide You assistance with technical
                or billing issues.
4. Nonexclusive License.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this
                Agreement, (a) Google grants You a limited,
                revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable license
                to install, copy and use the GAMC and/or SDKs
                solely as necessary for You to use the Service on
                Your Properties or Third Party Properties; and (b)
                You may remotely access, view and download Your
                Reports stored at www.google.com/analytics/. You
                will not (and You will not allow any third party
                to) (i) copy, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise
                create derivative works of the Software or the
                Documentation; (ii) reverse engineer, decompile,
                disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the
                source code of the Software, except as expressly
                permitted by the law in effect in the jurisdiction
                in which You are located; (iii) rent, lease, sell,
                assign or otherwise transfer rights in or to the
                Software, the Documentation or the Service; (iv)
                remove any proprietary notices or labels on the
                Software or placed by the Service; (v) use, post,
                transmit or introduce any device, software or
                routine which interferes or attempts to interfere
                with the operation of the Service or the Software;
                or (vi) use data labeled as belonging to a third
                party in the Service for purposes other than
                generating, viewing, and downloading Reports. You
                will comply with all applicable laws and
                regulations in Your use of and access to the
                Documentation, Software, Service and Reports.
5. Confidentiality and Beta Features.
Neither party will use or disclose the other
                party's Confidential Information without the
                other's prior written consent except for the
                purpose of performing its obligations under this
                Agreement or if required by law, regulation or
                court order; in which case, the party being
                compelled to disclose Confidential Information will
                give the other party as much notice as is
                reasonably practicable prior to disclosing the
                Confidential Information. Certain Service features
                are identified as "Alpha," "Beta," "Experiment,"
                (either within the Service or elsewhere by Google)
                or as otherwise unsupported or confidential
                (collectively, "Beta Features"). You may not
                disclose any information from Beta Features or the
                terms or existence of any non-public Beta Features.
                Google and the Google Affiliates will have no
                liability (including any indemnification
                obligations) arising out of or related to any Beta
                Features. Any use of Beta Features will be solely
                at Your own risk and may be subject to additional
                requirements as specified by Google. Google is not
                obligated to provide support for Beta Features and
                Google may, at its sole discretion, cease providing
                Beta Features as part of any Services.
6. Information Rights and Publicity.
Google will not share Your Customer Data or any
                Third Party's Customer Data with any third parties
                unless Google (i) has Your consent for any Customer
                Data or any Third Party's consent for the Third
                Party's Customer Data; (ii) concludes that it is
                required by law or has a good faith belief that
                access, preservation or disclosure of Customer Data
                is reasonably necessary to protect the rights,
                property or safety of Google, its users or the
                public; or (iii) provides Customer Data in certain
                limited circumstances to third parties to carry out
                tasks on Google's behalf (e.g., billing or data
                storage) with strict restrictions that prevent the
                data from being used or shared except as directed
                by Google. When this is done, it is subject to
                agreements that oblige those parties to process
                Customer Data only on Google's instructions and in
                compliance with this Agreement and appropriate
                confidentiality and security measures.
7. Privacy.
You will not and will not assist or permit any
                third party to pass information, hashed or
                otherwise, to Google that Google could use or
                recognize as personally identifiable information,
                except where permitted by, and subject to, the
                policies or terms of Google Analytics features made
                available to You, and only if, any information
                passed to Google for such Google Analytics feature
                is hashed using industry standards. You will have
                and abide by an appropriate Privacy Policy and will
                comply with all applicable laws, policies, and
                regulations relating to the collection of
                information from Users. You must post a Privacy
                Policy and that Privacy Policy must provide notice
                of Your use of cookies, identifiers for mobile
                devices (e.g., Android Advertising Identifier or
                Advertising Identifier for iOS) or similar
                technology used to collect data. You must disclose
                the use of Google Analytics, and how it collects
                and processes data. This can be done by displaying
                a prominent link to the site "How Google uses
                information from sites or apps that use our
                services", (located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
,
                or any other URL that Google may provide from time
                to time). You will use commercially reasonable
                efforts to ensure that a User is provided with
                clear and comprehensive information about, and
                consents to, the storing and accessing of cookies
                or other information on the User’s device where
                such activity occurs in connection with the Service
                and where providing such information and obtaining
                such consent is required by law.
You must not circumvent any privacy features (e.g.,
                an opt-out) that are part of the Service. You will
                comply with all applicable Google Analytics
                policies located at
www.google.com/analytics/policies/
(or
                such other URL as Google may provide) as modified
                from time to time (the
"Google Analytics
                Policies"
).
You may participate in an integrated version of
                Google Analytics and certain Google advertising
                services ("Google Analytics Advertising Features").
                If You use Google Analytics Advertising Features,
                You will adhere to the Google Analytics Advertising
                Features policy (available at
support.google.com/analytics/bin/answer.py?hl=en&topic=2611283&answer=2700409
).
                Your access to and use of any Google advertising
                service is subject to the applicable terms between
                You and Google regarding that service.
If You use the Platform Home, Your use of the
                Platform Home is subject to the Platform Home
                Additional Terms (or as subsequently re-named)
                available at
https://support.google.com/marketingplatform/answer/9047313
(or such other URL as Google may provide) as
                modified from time to time (the "Platform Home
                Terms").
To the extent that Your use of the Service is
                within scope, You and Google agree to the Google
                Ads Data Processing Terms at
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
(the “Processing Terms”). Google will not modify
                the Processing Terms, except as expressly permitted
                under the Processing Terms.
8. Indemnification.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, You will
                indemnify, hold harmless and defend Google
                Affiliates, at Your expense, against (a) any and
                all third-party claims, actions, proceedings, and
                suits brought against any Google Affiliate or any
                of their officers, directors, employees, agents or
                affiliates, and (b) all related liabilities,
                damages, settlements, penalties, fines, costs or
                expenses (including, reasonable attorneys' fees and
                other litigation expenses) incurred by any Google
                Affiliate or any of their officers, directors,
                employees, agents or affiliates, arising out of or
                relating to such third-party claims, actions,
                proceedings, and suits; in each case as a result of
                (i) Your breach of any term or condition of this
                Agreement, (ii) Your use of the Service, (iii) Your
                violations of applicable laws, rules or regulations
                in connection with the Service, (iv) any
                representations and warranties made by You
                concerning any aspect of the Service, the Software
                or Reports to any Third Party; (v) any claims made
                by or on behalf of any Third Party pertaining
                directly or indirectly to Your use of the Service,
                the Software or Reports; (vi) violations of Your
                obligations of privacy to any Third Party; and/or
                (vii) any claims with respect to acts or omissions
                of any Third Party in connection with the Service,
                the Software or Reports. Google will provide You
                with written notice of any claim, suit or action
                from which You must indemnify Google Affiliates.
                You will cooperate as fully as reasonably required
                in the defense of any claim. Google reserves the
                right, at its own expense, to enforce this Section
                8 on behalf of all Google Affiliates and assume the
                exclusive defense and control of any matter subject
                to indemnification by You.
9. Third Parties.
If You use the Service on behalf of the Third Party
                or a Third Party otherwise uses the Service through
                Your Account, whether or not You are authorized by
                Google to do so, then You represent and warrant
                that (a) You are authorized to act on behalf of,
                and bind to this Agreement, the Third Party to all
                obligations that You have under this Agreement, (b)
                Google may share with the Third Party any Customer
                Data that is specific to the Third Party
                Properties, and (c) You will not disclose Third
                Party's Customer Data to any other party without
                the Third Party's consent.
10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
                EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN THIS AGREEMENT,
                GOOGLE MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER
                EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING
                WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
                FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GOOGLE
                WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR YOUR LOST REVENUES OR
                INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
                EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF GOOGLE OR
                ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED
                OF, KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT SUCH DAMAGES
                WERE POSSIBLE AND EVEN IF DIRECT DAMAGES DO NOT
                SATISFY A REMEDY. GOOGLE'S (AND ITS WHOLLY OWNED
                SUBSIDIARIES’) TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU OR
                ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES RESULTING
                FROM CLAIMS, DEMANDS, OR ACTIONS ARISING OUT OF OR
                RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED $500
                (USD).
12. Proprietary Rights Notice.
The Service, which includes the Software and all
                Intellectual Property Rights therein is, and will
                remain, the property of Google (and the other
                Google Affiliates). All rights in and to the
                Software not expressly granted to You in this
                Agreement are reserved and retained by Google and
                its licensors without restriction, including,
                Google's (and the other Google Affiliates’) right
                to sole ownership of the Software and
                Documentation. Without limiting the generality of
                the foregoing, You agree not to (and not to allow
                any third party to): (a) sublicense, distribute, or
                use the Service or Software outside of the scope of
                the license granted in this Agreement; (b) copy,
                modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works
                from, reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile
                the Software or otherwise attempt to discover any
                source code or trade secrets related to the Service
                or Documentation; (c) rent, lease, sell, assign or
                otherwise transfer rights in or to the Software,
                Documentation or the Service; (d) use, post,
                transmit or introduce any device, software or
                routine which interferes or attempts to interfere
                with the operation of the Service, Documentation or
                the Software; (e) use the trademarks, trade names,
                service marks, logos, domain names and other
                distinctive brand features or any copyright or
                other proprietary rights associated with the
                Service for any purpose without the express written
                consent of Google; (f) register, attempt to
                register, or assist anyone else to register any
                trademark, trade name, serve marks, logos, domain
                names and other distinctive brand features,
                copyright or other proprietary rights associated
                with Google (or any other Google Affiliate) other
                than in the name of Google (or another Google
                Affiliate, as the case may be); (g) remove,
                obscure, or alter any notice of copyright,
                trademark, or other proprietary right appearing in
                or on any item included with the Service or
                Software; or (h) seek, in a proceeding filed during
                the term of this Agreement or for one year after
                such term, an injunction of any portion of the
                Service based on patent infringement.
13. U.S. Government Rights.
If the use of the Service is being acquired by or
                on behalf of the U.S. Government or by a U.S.
                Government prime contractor or subcontractor (at
                any tier), in accordance with 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-4
                (for Department of Defense (DOD) acquisitions) and
                48 C.F.R. 2.101 and 12.212 (for non-DOD
                acquisitions), the Government's rights in the
                Software, including its rights to use, modify,
                reproduce, release, perform, display or disclose
                the Software or Documentation, will be subject in
                all respects to the commercial license rights and
                restrictions provided in this Agreement.
14. Term and Termination.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any
                time with notice. Upon any termination of this
                Agreement, Google will stop providing, and You will
                stop accessing the Service. Additionally, if Your
                Account and/or GA Properties are terminated, You
                will (i) delete all copies of the GAMC from all
                Properties and/or (ii) suspend any and all use of
                the SDKs within 3 business days of such
                termination. In the event of any termination (a)
                You will not be entitled to any refunds of any
                usage fees or any other fees, and (b) any
                outstanding balance for Service rendered through
                the date of termination will be immediately due and
                payable in full and (c) all of Your historical
                Report data will no longer be available to You.
15. Modifications to Terms of Service and Other
                Policies.
Google may modify these terms or any additional
                terms that apply to the Service to, for example,
                reflect changes to the law or changes to the
                Service. You should look at the terms regularly.
                Google will post notice of modifications to these
                terms at
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/
,
                the Google Analytics Policies at
www.google.com/analytics/policies/
, or
                other policies referenced in these terms at the
                applicable URL for such policies. Changes will not
                apply retroactively and will become effective no
                sooner than 14 days after they are posted. If You
                do not agree to the modified terms for the Service,
                You should discontinue Your use of Google
                Analytics. No amendment to or modification of this
                Agreement will be binding unless (i) in writing and
                signed by a duly authorized representative of
                Google, (ii) You accept updated terms online, or
                (iii) You continue to use the Service after Google
                has posted updates to the Agreement or to any
                policy governing the Service.
16. Miscellaneous, Applicable Law and Venue.
(a) Google will be excused from performance in this
                Agreement to the extent that performance is
                prevented, delayed or obstructed by causes beyond
                its reasonable control. (b) This Agreement
                (including any amendment agreed upon by the parties
                in writing) represents the complete agreement
                between You and Google concerning its subject
                matter, and supersedes all prior agreements and
                representations between the parties. (c) If any
                provision of this Agreement is held to be
                unenforceable for any reason, such provision will
                be reformed to the extent necessary to make it
                enforceable to the maximum extent permissible so as
                to effect the intent of the parties, and the
                remainder of this Agreement will continue in full
                force and effect. (d) This Agreement will be
                governed by and construed under the laws of the
                state of California without reference to its
                conflict of law principles. In the event of any
                conflicts between foreign law, rules, and
                regulations, and California law, rules, and
                regulations, California law, rules and regulations
                will prevail and govern. Each party agrees to
                submit to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction
                of the courts located in Santa Clara County,
                California. The United Nations Convention on
                Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and
                the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act
                do not apply to this Agreement. You will comply
                with all applicable export control and sanctions
                laws and regulations, including (i) the Export
                Administration Regulations ("EAR") maintained by
                the U.S. Department of Commerce, (ii) trade and
                economic sanctions maintained by the U.S. Treasury
                Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and
                (iii) the International Traffic in Arms Regulations
                ("ITAR") maintained by the U.S. Department of
                State. (f) Any notices to Google must be sent to:
                Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain
                View, CA 94043, USA, with a copy to Legal
                Department, via first class or air mail or
                overnight courier, and are deemed given upon
                receipt. (g) A waiver of any default is not a
                waiver of any subsequent default. (h) You may not
                assign or otherwise transfer any of Your rights in
                this Agreement without Google's prior written
                consent, and any such attempt is void. (i) The
                relationship between Google and You is not one of a
                legal partnership relationship, but is one of
                independent contractors. (j) This Agreement will be
                binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
                respective successors and assigns of the parties
                hereto. (k) The following sections of this
                Agreement will survive any termination thereof: 1,
                4, 5, 6 (except the last two sentences), 7, 8, 9,
                10, 11, 12, 14, 16, and 17.
17. Google Analytics and Firebase.
If You link a GA Property to Firebase
                (“
Firebase Linkage
”) as part of
                using the Service, the following terms, in addition
                to Sections 1-16 above, will also apply to You, and
                will also govern Your use of the Service, including
                with respect to Your use of Firebase Linkage. Other
                than as modified below, all other terms will stay
                the same and continue to apply. In the event of a
                conflict between this Section 17 and Sections 1-16
                above, the terms in Section 17 will govern and
                control solely with respect to Your use of the
                Firebase Linkage.
The following sentence is added to the end of
                Section 7 as follows:
If You link a GA Property to a Firebase project
                (“
Firebase Linkage
”) (i) certain
                data from Your GA Property, including Customer
                Data, may be made accessible within or to any other
                entity or personnel specified in the applicable
                Firebase settings and (ii) that GA Property may
                have certain Service settings modified by
                authorized personnel specified in the applicable
                Firebase settings (notwithstanding the settings You
                may have designated for that GA Property within the
                Service).
Last Updated May 15, 2023
Previous Versions
March 31,
                  2021
June 17,
                  2019