CoPilot is now trainwell!
Learn more.
New Year's Sale - 27% OFF - Limited Time Only!
Unlock your discount
Get my plan
Home
What is trainwell?
About
FAQ
Contact
Trainers
Exercise Library
Reviews
Get my plan
Privacy policy
Last updated: 5/30/2024
CoPilot Systems, Inc. built the trainwell app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by CoPilot Systems, Inc. and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at trainwell unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to name, email address, and information about the time, frequency, and duration of your workouts. The information that we request is will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Information You Provide to Us Directly
We may collect the following personal information that you provide to us.
• User Account Creation: During signup, we may collect your fitness goals, activity level and profile information such as name, email address, dietary preferences, phone number, date of birth, gender, information about your exercise habits and goals, and coach preference. If you purchase our Services, we will also collect your shipping address and payment information, as well as information about your exercise habits and goals.
• Use of the Services: When you use the Services, we may also ask you to provide a profile photo, date of birth, gender, health, activity and device information (see below) and other demographic data. Some features also collect health, motion and other fitness information, including, for example, rep count. Any communication you have with your coach via the app, including via text, images, and videos that may contain health information related to you or your family, will also be collected and stored if you have provided your consent to do so within the trainwell app. You also may provide us with access to your calendar to schedule coaching sessions.
• Purchases. We may collect personal information and details associated with your purchases, including payment information. Any payments made via our Services are processed by third-party payment processors. We do not directly collect or store any payment card information entered through our Services, but it may receive information associated with your payment card information (e.g., your billing details).
• Your Communications with Us. We may collect personal information, such as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletter or loyalty program, request customer or technical support, apply for a job, or otherwise communicate with us.
• Surveys. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
• Interactive Features. We and others who use our Services may collect personal information that you submit or make available through our interactive features (e.g., social media pages). Any information you provide using the public sharing features of the Services (referred to herein as “User Content”) will be considered “public,” unless otherwise required by applicable law, and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein.
• Business Development and Strategic Partnerships. We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities.
• Job Applications. We may post job openings and opportunities on our Services. If you reply to one of these postings by submitting your application, CV and/or cover letter to us, we will collect and use your information to assess your qualifications.
Information Collected Automatically
We may collect personal information automatically when you use our Services:
• Automatic Data Collection Through Our Services. We may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, browser or device information, location information (including approximate location derived from IP address), and Internet service provider. We may also automatically collect information regarding your use of our Services, such as pages that you visit before, during and after using our Services, information about the links you click, the types of content you interact with, the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use our Services.
• Automatic Data Collection Through Connected Devices. We collect information from the devices and apps you connect to our Services and information from these devices and apps will be passed along to us. For example, you may connect your Apple Watch, iPhone or Apple Health account. Additionally, health information may be collected and/or inferred, including heart rate, body fat percentage, steps, exercise minutes, height and weight, or other indicators. Before you can upload health information from Apple HealthKit to us, you must give your consent to the processing of that health information. You can withdraw your consent at any time by updating the preferences on your devices.
• Location Information. When your device settings allow us to do so, we may collect your precise location information to provide you with enhanced Services. If you do not want us to collect this information, you can change the settings on your device.
• Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, and Other Technologies. We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through your use of our Services.
o Cookies. Cookies are small text files placed in visitors’ computer browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly.
o Pixel Tags/Web Beacons. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the Services that collects information about users’ engagement on that web page. The use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement.
• Social Media Platforms. Our Services may contain social media buttons such as Facebook (that might include widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini programs). These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these platforms are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
• Analytics. We may also use Google Analytics and other service providers to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Services. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Information Collected from Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site, we may collect information about you from that third-party application that you have made public via your privacy settings. Information we collect through these services may include your name, your user identification number, your user name, location, gender, birth date, email, profile picture, and your contacts stored in that service. This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to us and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services.
Referrals and Sharing Features. Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities that allow you to provide information about your friends through our referral service; third parties may also use these services to upload information about you. Our referral services may also allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services. Please only share with us contact information of people with whom you have a relationship (e.g., relative, friend, neighbor, or co-worker).
Health Information
We may collect or infer health information. Certain health information may be inferred from sources such as heart rate or other measurements, including power, cadence, and weight or other indicators. Before you can upload health information to the app, you must give your explicit consent to the processing of that health information by trainwell. You can withdraw your consent to trainwell processing your health information at any time.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, for administrative purposes, and to market our products and Services, as described below.
Provide Our Services
We use your information to fulfil our contract with you and provide you with our Services, such as:
• Managing your information and accounts;
• Responding to your questions, comments, and other requests;
• Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services;
• Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services and policy changes;
• Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased;
• Processing applications and transactions;
• Answering your requests for customer or technical support; and
• Allowing you to register for events.
Administrative Purposes
We use your information for various administrative purposes, such as:
• Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
• Conducting research and development;
• Developing new products and Services;
• Ensuring internal quality control;
• Verifying your identity and preventing fraud;
• Detecting bugs or other software issues;
• Preventing potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
• Enforcing our Terms; and
• To comply with our legal obligations, protect your vital interest, or as may be required for the public good.
Marketing and Advertising Our Products And Services
We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law.
Some of the ways we market to you include email campaigns, custom audiences advertising, and “interest-based” or “personalized advertising,” including through cross-device tracking.
If you have any questions about our marketing practices or if you would like to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, you may contact us at any time as set forth in “Contact Us” below.
Health, Motion and/or Fitness Information
We may use your health, motion, and/or fitness information only for the purposes of improving health management or health research, and we will do so only with your express consent. Please note that we will not disclose this data for marketing and/or advertising purposes.
Other Purposes
We also use your information for other purposes as requested by you or as permitted by applicable law.
• De-identified and Aggregated Information. We may use your personal information and other information about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, de-identified health information, de-identified information about your use of the connected medical device, information about the device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. De-identified and/or aggregated information is not personal information, and we may use and disclose such information in a number of ways, including the development of future learnings, research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes.
• Share Content with Users. Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For example, we may allow you to view another user via the Groups function.
Limited Use Disclosure
The use of information received from Health Connect will adhere to the Health Connect Permissions policy, including the Limited Use requirements.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
No Sharing Clause:
No mobile information will be shared with third parties or affiliates for marketing or promotional purposes of the third party. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties other than Service Providers.
Retention of Personal Information
‍
We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
Request Deletion, Anonymization, or Blocking
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to request deletion, anonymization or Blocking of your personal information when processing is based on your consent or when processing is unnecessary, excessive or noncompliant. For more information on
account deletion
please contact us using the Contact Us section.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Have questions?
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us