Privacy
Policy
Effective
date: 06. August2021
This Privacy
Policy applies to certain information, as defined below, that Photon Sail
Technologies Pte. Ltd., its subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively, "
Vicohome
" "
Vicohome
Member Firms ""our" "we", or "us") collects
through our websites, products, and applications. (the “Services”).
It also describes the choic
e
s
available to you regarding the use of,
yoru
access
to, and how to update and correct your personal information.
YOUR PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT TO US. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY TO LEARN ABOUT
THE INFORMATION THAT VICOHOME COLLECTS FROM YOU AND HOW VICOHOME USES THAT
INFORMATION.
BY USING THE
SERVICES YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE, AND TRANSFER OF YOUR INFORMATION
AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS
PRIVACY POLICY, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.
If you have an unresolved privacy or
data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our
U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
1. Scope
This Privacy
Policy covers the processing of personal information related to
Vicohome’s
products and services (“Services), including:
(1)
Vicohome
hardware products (“Products”),
(2)
website(s) that may be accessed at http://www.vicohome.io/ (“Site”),
(3)
services, including technical support and services accessible through the
Site(s) (“Web Apps”),
(4) software
that may be downloaded to your smartphone or tablet to access services (“Mobile
Apps”), and
(5)
subscription services, including services you can access using the Web Apps and
Mobile Apps (“Subscription Services”).
Third
parties may also integrate
Vicohome’s
Products and
Services into their products and services and we are not responsible for this
integration. Additional information on our privacy practices may be provided in
other documents such as offer descriptions, supplemental privacy statements, or
notices provided prior to or at the time of data collection.
2. Personal
Information We May Collect
We obtain
personal information relating to you from various sources such as described
below. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means any
information that personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or
billing information, or other data that can be reasonably used to infer this
information. Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us
with your Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do
so. If you do not provide personal information when requested, you may not be
able to benefit from our Services if that information is necessary to provide
you with the Service.
a. Personal
Information We Collect Directly From You
1.
Registration
In order to
use the Services, we may ask you to provide certain Personal Information when
you create an account
to
install and
register to
Vicohome
Web Apps and Mobile Apps,
register a product, complete a survey, or sign up to be on our mailing list. We
may ask you to submit the following types of personal information: first and
last name, country, email address, product serial number, date of purchase,
telephone number.
2.
Information you voluntarily share or post.
We may
collect personal information that you provide on
Vicohome
site and
Vicohome
-marked Web Apps and Mobile Apps, or
post in a public space on our website, such as message boards. As another
example, you can choose to share your
Vicohome
camera
access through an invitation link that you can send to friends.
3. Videos
For our
Vicohome
products, we collect, process, and store the
videos that you take with your systems for various time periods depending on
your subscription plans, configurations, and settings. This may include
capturing and emailing to you portions of the videos as part of a notification
or analyzing the data to identify motion or other events. Our computing service
may automatically process Personal Information from your
Vicohome
cameras so that the service can send you alerts when something happens.
4. Customer
support.
We may
collect information through your communications with our customer support team
or other communications that you may send us and their contents. We may collect
the device information of your reported camera to locate technical problem,
e.g. battery info, Wi-Fi signal strength, connection log.
5. Payment
details.
We may
collect credit card and billing information, including payment transactions, to
process your order. For example, we collect your credit card number when you
buy a subscription to use some of our Services, for shipping services related
to a warranty replacement, or when you purchase a license to application from
Vicohome
. However, if you select to use a 3
rd
party payment method, such as Google pay, Apple pay or
Paypal
,
all these payment details will be only collected and held by these 3
rd
party companies, and we will not collect any payment details.
b. Personal
Information We Collect From Your Interactions With Our Products and Services
1. Cookies
and Tracking Technologies.
We use
automatic data collection tools like cookies, web beacons, and other tracking
technologies in our products to collect data and related information, including
IP addresses, device identifiers, and other information about your device,
system and application software and peripherals. We might also look at how and
how often you use one of our applications and certain features.
We
use cookies and similar technologies
to
:
-to detect and combat fraud
-to infer preferences based on how you interact with our sites and services
-to gather information about our user base as a whole
-to monitor and provide analytics about the performance, trends and operation
of our website, mobile application or services
-to enable you to use and access our website, mobile application or services
-to better understand how our users interact with our website, application or
services
-to store and honor your preferences and settings
Our mobile applications contain
software development kits (SDKs) that may collect and transmit information back
to us or third-party partners about your usage of that mobile application or
other applications on your device.
To manage Flash cookies, please click here:
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
T
hird parties
on our digital
propert
(
ies
)
may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information and
infer your interests for interest-based advertising purposes. If you would
prefer to not receive personalized ads based on your browser or device usage,
you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored
advertisements. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but
they will no longer be tailored to your interests.
To opt-out
of interest-based advertising by participating companies in the following
consumer choice mechanisms, please visit:
-Digital
Advertising Alliance (DAA)’s self-regulatory opt-out page
(http://optout.aboutads.info/) and mobile application-based "
AppChoices
" download page
(https://youradchoices.com/appchoices)
-European
Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)'s consumer opt-out page
(http://youronlinechoices.eu)
-Network
Advertising Initiative (NAI)’s self-regulatory opt-out page
(http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).
In the
mobile environment, most mobile operating systems offer device-based opt-out
choices that are transmitted to companies providing interest-based advertising.
To set an opt-out preference for a mobile device identifier (such as Apple's
IDFA or Android's GAID), visit the device manufacturer's current choice
instructions pages, or read more about sending signals to limit ad tracking for
your operating system here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices.
Please note
that these settings must be performed on each device (including each web
browser on each device) for which you wish to opt-out, and if you clear your
cookies or if you use a different browser or device, you will need to renew
your opt-out preferences.
2. Product
Usage.
We collect
information related to the use of our products and devices and statistics about
the performance of your
Vicohome
devices. This
information includes Internet speed, voltage information, storage information,
error rates, and other performance information.
c. Personal
Information We Obtain From Other Sources
1. Third
party Personal Information.
If you
choose to provide us with a third party's Personal Information (such as name,
email, and phone number), you must ensure that you have the third party's
permission to do so. Examples include providing us with the names and images
that you associate with account users, forwarding reference or marketing
material to a friend, or sending job referrals.
3. How We
May Use Your Personal Information
We may use
your personal information for the following purposes:
a. Provide
you with the Service and communicate with you.
We will use
your personal information to deliver our Services and to interact with you
directly.
b. Maintain,
improve and develop products and Services.
We will use
your personal information to ensure our Services are working as intended and to
make improvements to our Services. We will also use the information we collect
in existing Services to help us develop new ones or to customize Services for
you.
c. Internal
data analyses.
We use
personal information for internal analytics to understand how our Services are
used. But we won’t access and analyze any videos captured from your device
unless you need our assistant and shared them with us to locate the problem of
your camera.
d.
Marketing.
We may send
you marketing communications about products, services, offers, programs and
promotions (including contests, sweepstakes and any other marketing activities)
either directly from us or from our partners. These might be our own offers or
products, or offers for third-party products we think you might find
interesting, but we do not share information with third parties for their
independent marketing or promotional purposes.
e. Compliance
with law and other standards.
We may use
your personal information as required by applicable laws and regulations or
requested by any judicial process or governmental agency having or claiming
jurisdiction over
Vicohome
or its affiliates.
f. Other
activities.
We may
process your personal information for other purposes for which we provide
specific notice at the time of collection.
4. How We
Share Your Personal Information
We may share
personal information in the following ways or as otherwise disclosed to you at
the time of data collection:
a. Within
the
Vicohome
family of companies worldwide.
We may share
the Personal Information we collect with our headquarters and affiliates.
b. With
service providers.
We also may
share personal information with our service providers who perform services on
our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with appropriate
confidentiality and security measures. Examples of services include: processing
of orders and credit card transactions, sending marketing communications, sharing
your email address to assist us with sales-related efforts or post-sales
support, and providing customer support.
c. With the
friends you invite.
You can
decide to share your
Vicohome
camera access by
sending an invitation link to friends.
d. We may share
information with any successor to all or part of our business.
We may sell,
transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including personal
information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of
assets, a spin-off of assets into a separate business, or similar transaction,
or in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy. Should such an event occur, we
will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use the personal
information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with this
Privacy Policy.
e. We may
share information for legal reasons.
We will
share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside
of
Vicohome
if we have a good faith belief that
access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably
necessary to:
meet any
applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request
enforce
applicable Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations
detect,
prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues or
protect
against harm to the rights, property or safety of
Vicohome
,
our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Also, In
certain situations, We may be required to disclose personal data in response to
lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or
law enforcement requirements.
f. Others.
If we
otherwise notify you and you consent to the sharing.
5. Your
Rights and Choices
Photon Sail respects your control
over your information and, upon request, we will confirm whether we hold or are
processing information that we have collected from you. You also have the right
to amend or update inaccurate or incomplete personal information, request
deletion of your personal information, or request that we no longer use it.
Under certain circumstances we will not be able to fulfill your request, such
as if it interferes with our regulatory obligations, affects legal matters, we
cannot verify your identity, or it involves disproportionate cost or effort,
but in any event we will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe
and provide you an explanation. In order to make such a request of us, please
go to
Vicohome
App -> User
-> Feedback to submit a request or email
us at
support@vicoo.tech
.
Please note that for personal information about you that we have obtained or
received for processing on behalf of a separate, unaffiliated entity--which
determined the means and purposes of processing, all such requests should be
made to that entity directly. We will honor and support any instructions they
provide us with respect to your personal information.
You have
certain rights regarding the personal information we maintain about you and
certain choices about what personal information we collect from you, how we use
it, and how we communicate with you.
a. You can
choose not to install our applications or fill out a warranty card.
This choice
may limit your warranty service.
b. You can
update or delete your account.
Through your
account settings, you can update some of your Personal Information. However, if
you delete your account, you may not be able to fully use the Service.
To update
your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists,
delete your account or submit a request to exercise your rights under
applicable law, please contact us as specified in the “How to Contact Us”
section below.
6. Data
Transfers
​
Your personal data may be transferred to, processed by and
stored with, the following classes of transferees/categories of recipients for
the purposes as described in this Privacy Policy:
a. Your
personal information may be transferred to other
Vicohome
Member Firms (and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates). Other
Vicohome
Member Firms may process your personal information
on behalf of the Data Controller for the same purposes as set out herein. In
addition, each
Vicohome
Member Firm whom you share
your information may determine jointly with other
Vicohome
Member Firms the means of processing of your personal information.
b. Your
information may also be transferred to service providers that are not members
of the
Vicohome
(third party service providers) to
process on a
Vicohome
Member Firm’s behalf. We may
transfer or disclose the personal data we collect to third party contractors or
subcontractors of
Vicohome
Member Firms (and their
respective subsidiaries and affiliates), as well as other third parties. We use
such third parties to support us in providing our
Vicohome
Services and to help provide, run and manage our business (including our
internal IT systems). Third party service providers may include providers of IT
services, identity management, website hosting and management, data analysis,
data back-up and archiving, security and storage services (including cloud
service providers), event management, and other services with respect to the
operation of our business.
c. Your
personal information may be transferred to and stored outside the country or
region where you are located.
Vicohome
Member Firms,
our service providers and sub-processors they engage may use servers and other
resources in various countries and territories to process your information.
d.
Vicohome
Member Firms reserves the right to transfer all
data in its possession to a successor-in-interest to its business or assets.
7.
Children's Privacy
We
understand the importance of protecting children's privacy, especially in an
online environment. The
Vicohome
Services covered by
this Privacy Statement are not intentionally designed for or directed at anyone
under the age of 18.
​
8. How We
Protect Your Personal Information
We intend to
protect the personal information entrusted to us and treat it securely in
accordance with this Privacy Policy. We maintain administrative, technical and
physical safeguards to protect personal information against accidental or
unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized
disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the
personal information in our possession. We also contractually require that our
suppliers protect such information from unauthorized access, use, and
disclosure.
If you
participate in a discussion forum, local communities, or chat room on an
Vicohome
website, you should be aware that the information
you provide there (i.e. your public profile) will be made broadly available to
others, and could be used to contact you, send you unsolicited messages, or for
purposes neither
Vicohome
nor you have control over.
Also, please recognize that individual forums and chat rooms may have
additional rules and conditions.
Vicohome
is not
responsible for the Personal Information or any other information you choose to
submit in these forums. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your
personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do
so and why.
Retention of
Personal Information
We also take
measures to delete your personal information or keep it in a form that does not
permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the
purposes for which we process it or when you request its deletion, unless we
are allowed or required by law to keep the information for a longer period. We
complete periodic reviews of our databases, and have established time limits
for certain data deletion, taking into account the type of services provided in
the context of the Products and Services, the length of our relationship with
you, mandatory retention periods, and the statute of limitations.
9. Update to
this policy
Our privacy
policy may change from time to time. We will post or otherwise notify you of
any changes to this policy on this page, and we will provide more noticeable
notices of major changes. In this case, if you choose to continue using our
services, you agree to be bound by this revised policy.
10. How to
Contact Us
If you have
any questions, comments or complaints about this Privacy Policy and our privacy
practices, or would like to update your privacy preferences, please contact us
at:
support@vicoo.tech
.
This Privacy
Policy was revised and posted as of August, 2021.