Updated on: October 20, 2022
Effective date: October 20, 2022
ChinesePro privacy policy
Li Xin (hereinafter referred to as "Li Xin")“
We
”）Is the operator of ChinesePro. We attach great importance to protecting the personal information and privacy of users (hereinafter referred to as "you"). When you register, log in and use ChinesePro, we will collect, use, save and share your relevant personal information. In order to present our handling of your personal information, we hereby formulate the ChinesePro privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as "ChinesePro privacy policy")“
Privacy policy
”）, we promise to process your personal information in strict accordance with this privacy policy.
Before you register and log in to ChinesePro, you must carefully read this Privacy Policy and fully understand the contents of each clause. You know and confirm that when you check or click "agree" to this privacy policy, you agree that we process your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
The scope of application of this privacy policy includes but is not limited to ChinesePro website and ChinesePro.
This privacy policy will help you understand the following:
I 	 How do we collect and use your personal information
II 	 How do we keep your personal information
III 	 How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
IV 	 How do we use cookie technology
V 	 How can third-party products or services obtain your personal information
Vi 	 How do we protect your personal information
VII 	 How do you manage your personal information
VIII 	 How do we handle personal information about minors
IX 	 How is this Privacy Policy updated
X 	 How to contact us
I 	 How do we collect and use your personal information
We divide the business functions of ChinesePro into basic business functions and extended business functions:
（1） 	 Basic business functions are the necessary functions for document scanning and management, including document scanning, storage and management.
（2） 	 Extended business functions include OCR identification based on scanned documents and account personalization.
(I) 	 How we collect and use your personal information in basic business functions
one 	 Login / registration
We need to collect your mobile phone number, email address
Login password
。 We collect your above information to help you complete the registration of ChinesePro account and protect your account security. If you do not provide such information, we will not be able to create an account for you and provide services to you normally.
You can also choose to provide us with your avatar, nickname and bind your wechat account according to your own needs, so as to improve your personal data or increase the convenience of account login, but your failure to provide these information will not affect your normal use of our services.
two 	 Photographing, scanning / translation and other photographing related operations
When you perform photographing related operations such as photographing, scanning / translation, we need to call your device's
camera
、
album
and
clipboard
jurisdiction. We call the above permission to help you complete picture scanning / translation. The processing is completed locally. We will not collect and use your personal information. If you do not agree with us to call the above permission, you may not be able to use our service normally because you cannot complete picture scanning and clipping.
Please know that even if you have agreed to turn on the camera permission, relevant processing will only be carried out within the range of photos you actively take or select.
three 	 Voice input related operations such as speech recognition / translation
When you perform voice input related operations such as voice recognition / translation, we need to call your device's
speech recognition
and
Microphone
jurisdiction. We call the above permission to help you complete speech recognition / translation. The processing is completed locally. We will not collect and use your personal information. If you do not agree with us to call the above permission, you may not be able to use our service normally because you cannot complete speech recognition / translation.
Please know that even if you have agreed to turn on voice recognition and microphone permission, it will only be processed during your active voice input.
four 	 Ensure the basic security of network access and services
In order to ensure the basic security of your account, network access and services, we need to call your device's
Phone status
、
Face ID
Permission, we need to collect your unique device ID (IMEI, IDFA, Android ID, face ID, unique ID obtained through algorithm), language, country, city, IP address and device information of mobile phone system (browser type, device type and model, CPU, system language, memory, operating system version, Wi Fi status, timestamp and region, device motion parameters and carrier)
Your network behavior track (including clicks and participation time)
, access date and time, and service log information. We will combine the above information with the information provided or generated when you use other products or services for processing and data analysis, and form user portraits and relevant risk control records for your account. We collect your above information to ensure the security of your account, network access and application operation. Because you cannot close the permission to collect the above data, If you do not provide such information, you will not be able to use our services.
five 	 Ensure the reliability and stability of services
In order to ensure the reliability and stability of the service, we need to collect your device model, operating system version, browser type, language used, way to access the network, network quality data, ChinesePro registered account ID (only when logging in / registering).. We collect your above information to ensure the reliability and stability of application operation. Since you cannot turn off the permission to collect the above data, if you do not provide such information, you will not be able to use our services.
(II) 	 How we collect and use your personal information in our extended business functions
one 	 OCR translation service
When you use OCR translation service, we need to call your device's
storage
Permission, we need to upload the text identified in your picture to Baidu or Google translation API. We collect the above information to complete the translation service. If you do not provide such information, we will not be able to provide you with translation services normally, but it will not affect your normal use of our other services.
two 	 Payment settlement
When you make payment and settlement in ChinesePro, we will collect your information
Order information and transaction status
We will get information from your actual payee (apple / WeChat / Alipay) about whether your payment is successful. We collect the above information to confirm your order status to provide services to you, protect your property safety and handle user disputes. If you do not agree that we collect the above information, you may not be able to purchase value added services because you can not complete payment and settlement. (including membership services, cloud space redemption services, services to increase the number of cloud recognition, and translation services).
three 	 About advertising
In order to provide you with products or services you may be interested in, we may use your account user portrait to give priority to displaying the information of products or services you are interested in, or send you marketing activity notices and commercial electronic advertisements. If you don't want to receive personalized advertising push, you can set application permissions through Apple's "Settings" interface and turn it off Allow tracking to turn off personalized recommendation ads. please note that you will still see ads after turning off, but the relevance of ads will be reduced.
We may share information with partners who promote and put in advertising, but we will not share information (name, ID number) used to identify your personal identity, only to provide these partners with indirect identification labels that can not identify your personal identity, and to identify the equipment information or anonymous equipment, network, channel information. To help them improve the effective reach rate of advertising without identifying your personal identity.
We may share analytically de identified equipment information or statistical information with service providers, suppliers and other partners of the business, which is difficult or unable to be associated with your true identity. This information will help us analyze and measure the effectiveness of advertising and related services.
four 	 Business promotion
We will send ChinesePro's product promotion information to your mobile phone number and email address. If you do not agree to receive the commercial promotion information, you can contact us in the way specified in the promotion information or provided in this privacy policy to unsubscribe from the promotion information. We will not be able to provide you with business promotion information normally, but it will not affect your normal use of our other services.
five 	 customer service
When you make complaints, suggestions or feedback to us, in order to contact you, help you solve the problem as soon as possible, or record the handling scheme and results of relevant problems, we may collect your information with us
Communication or call record
The account information you provided, the contact information you provided, the information you provided to prove the relevant facts, the program running log, the equipment information, the system version, and the language country of the equipment. We collect the above information to complete customer service. If you do not provide such information, your complaints, suggestions and feedback may not be handled timely and effectively, but it will not affect your normal use of our other services.
six 	 Function optimization
We may use the information collected through some functions for our other services to optimize the functions of ChinesePro and improve your office efficiency. For example, we may optimize the image of the document you uploaded when using the document scanning function to improve the clarity of the document you uploaded.
If we use your personal information beyond the scope of direct or reasonable connection with the claimed purpose at the time of collection, we will inform you again and obtain your express consent before using your personal information.
II 	 How do we keep your personal information
We will keep your personal information within the minimum retention period required for the purposes stated in this privacy policy, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations or extended by your authorization to us. After the expiration of the above-mentioned period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
We keep your personal information in China. If you require to transmit your personal information overseas, please
app20190304@qq.com
Contact us and we will comply with relevant laws and regulations.
III 	 How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
one 	 share
You agree that we share your personal information with related parties that support our functions in order to provide services to you. These supports include providing us with infrastructure technical services, payment services and data processing. The related parties supporting our functions have no right to use your personal information for other purposes unrelated to the purposes stated in this privacy policy; If they want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will obtain your authorization and consent separately.
At present, we will not share your personal information with third parties other than related parties
, to share your personal information with
Except related parties
We will ask for your consent separately.
two 	 transfer the possession of
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, but when it involves merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if it involves personal information transfer, we will inform you and require new companies and organizations holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this personal information protection policy, otherwise we will require the company The organization asks you again for authorization consent.
three 	 Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information with your explicit consent, or based on legal provisions or legal requirements of administrative or judicial authorities.
If it is necessary to provide your personal information according to laws and regulations or the requirements of administrative or judicial authorities, we may publicly disclose your personal information according to the type and disclosure method of personal information required. On the premise of compliance with the law, when we receive the above requirements for information disclosure, we will require that we must issue corresponding legal documents, such as subpoena or investigation letter. We will carefully review all requirements to ensure that they have legal basis and are limited to data obtained by law enforcement departments for specific investigation purposes and with legal power.
IV 	 How do we use cookie technology
1、 	 When you use the ChinesePro website, we will store a small data file named cookie on your terminal device for easier access experience. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, the website can store your login records. We sent you cookies to simplify the process of repeatedly signing in.
2、 	 We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this privacy policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. For details, see https://www.aboutcookies.org/ 。 You can clear all cookies saved on your computer. Most web browsers have the function of blocking cookies. However, if you do so, you need to change the user settings every time you visit our website, and the corresponding information you previously recorded will be deleted, which may have a certain impact on the security of the services you use. To learn more about how to change browser settings, please visit the relevant settings page of the browser you use.
V 	 How can third-party products or services obtain your personal information
You agree and understand that in order to better provide services, our products may integrate or access third-party services, including SDK, API or H5.
To enable you to better understand the types of third-party services and access methods, you can view【
Third party services
】To learn more.
Vi 	 How do we protect your personal information
We attach great importance to the security of users' personal information. To this end, we have adopted data protection technology and management measures commonly used in the industry, such as network isolation, data encryption, access control, identity authentication, malicious code prevention, security audit and other measures.
Please know that although we have taken reasonable measures to protect your information according to law, no system or network is absolutely safe. If our physical, technical or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear responsibility within the scope stipulated by law, and we will try our best to investigate the legal responsibility of the infringer. At the same time, we hope you will try your best to cooperate with us.
After an unfortunate personal information security incident occurs, we will inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions you can independently prevent and reduce risks, and the remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will inform you about the event by mail, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. when it is difficult to inform the personal information subject one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to make an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the disposal of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.
Our personal information security responsible department is [Information Security Committee], and the contact email is
app20190304@qq.com
、
bzq1@qq.com
。
VII 	 How do you manage your personal information
During your use of ChinesePro, you can access, correct and delete your personal information, and exercise the right to change the scope of authorization and consent and cancel your account. Your comments will be handled in a timely manner.
one 	 Access your personal information
You have the right to access your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise the data access right, please click the "my" icon after logging in to the ChinesePro website, ChinesePro and ChinesePro applet. If you cannot access your personal information by yourself, please contact customer service for access.
two 	 Delete your personal information
For the personal information in your uploaded scanning file, you can delete the uploaded scanning file by yourself through our product page. Under the following circumstances, you can make a request to delete personal information to us, except for anonymization or otherwise provided by laws and regulations:
（1） 	 We collect and use personal information in violation of laws and regulations or agreements with you;
（2） 	 If we share or transfer your personal information with a third party in violation of laws and regulations or your agreement, we will immediately stop sharing and transfer and notify the third party to delete it in time;
（4） 	 You no longer use our products or services, or you cancel your account, or we terminate our services and operations.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that obtain your personal information from us in accordance with the provisions of laws, regulations and standard documents, and require them to delete your personal information in time, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these entities have obtained your independent authorization.
When you delete information from our service, we may not delete the corresponding information in the backup system immediately, but we will delete it when the backup is updated.
three 	 Change the scope of your authorization and consent
You can contact us through mobile phone permission settings or the methods specified in this privacy policy to change the scope of consent or withdraw your authorization.
Please understand that ChinesePro may need to open some permissions and collect necessary personal information to realize some services. When you withdraw your consent, we will not be able to continue to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of your consent, but will not affect the personal information processing services previously carried out based on your authorization.
four 	 Cancellation of account
You can contact us to cancel your account in the way specified in this privacy policy. We will delete your account within 15 working days after verifying your identity.
Customer service email:
app20190304@qq.com
Your cancellation of the above account is irreversible. We will stop providing you with products or services, no longer collect your personal information, and delete the personal information related to your account or anonymize it according to your requirements, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations or required by regulatory authorities.
five 	 Automatic decision result appeal
In some business functions, we may only make decisions based on non manual automatic decision-making mechanisms including information systems and algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to contact us through the methods specified in this privacy policy to ask us to explain or complain about the automatic decision-making results of the information system.
Customer service email:
app20190304@qq.com
six 	 In response to your above request
If you are unable to exercise your rights in the above way, you can contact us by using the contact information specified in this privacy policy. For security, you may need to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request.
In principle, we will not charge for your reasonable request, but we will charge a certain cost for repeated requests that exceed the reasonable limit. We may refuse requests that are unreasonably repeated, require too many technical means, pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical.
If your request is rejected, we will inform you of the reasons for the rejection, and you can complain through the contact information specified in this privacy policy.
seven 	 Exceptions to response situations
We will not be able to respond to your request if:
（1） 	 Related to our performance of our obligations under laws and regulations;
（2） 	 Directly related to national security and national defense security;
（3） 	 Directly related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
（4） 	 Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;
（6） 	 For the purpose of safeguarding the life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
（7） 	 Responding to the request of the personal information subject will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals and organizations;
（8） 	 Involving trade secrets.
VIII 	 How do we handle personal information about minors
Our products or services are mainly for adults (i.e. over the age of 18). In the process of providing products or services, we presume that you have corresponding civil capacity. If you are a minor (i.e. under the age of 18, the same below), we require you to ask your parents or other guardians to carefully read this Privacy Policy and use our services or provide us with information with the consent of your parents or other guardians.
If you are the legal guardian of a minor, please pay attention to whether the minor under your custody uses our products or services after obtaining your authorization and consent. If you have any questions about the personal information of the minors under your custody, please contact us through the methods specified in this privacy policy.
IX 	 How is this Privacy Policy updated
Our privacy policy may change in due course. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on this page. For major changes, we will also provide more significant notice (we may explain the specific changes to the privacy policy through a pop-up window) and obtain your consent again.
Without your express consent, we will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy.
Major changes referred to in this privacy policy include but are not limited to: major changes in our service model; The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed; Significant changes have taken place in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way in which you exercise it; The responsible department, contact information and complaint channels responsible for handling personal information security have changed; When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.
X 	 How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions on this privacy policy or personal information protection, please contact us through the following ways:
Customer service email:
app20190304@qq.com
After we receive your questions, comments or suggestions and verify your user identity, we will reply within 15 working days. If you are not satisfied with our reply, especially our personal information processing behavior has damaged your legitimate rights and interests, you can also complain or report to the regulatory authorities such as wechat, telecommunications, public security, industry and commerce.