I AM AN ADULT
I AM A KID
Privacy Policy
Updated: 08/2023
Introduction
Hello,  We're RED Games Co, LLC  We make family-friendly mobile games and experiences that kids love to play, parents can endorse, and families can play together.
We own and operate the LEGO BRAWLS app (the App) and this policy explains how we use the information we collect in our game to help create the best possible gaming experience, and how we keep that data safe. Please make sure you read everything here carefully, and if you happen to be a youngster (under 18 years old), ask an adult to help explain anything you don't understand.
What information do we collect and how is this used?
When you play our game, we do not collect any personal information from you. Personal information is information that can be used to identify you such as full name, address or phone number. We collect your in-game activity and other performance details to improve our game. This information is non-personal information, which means it cannot be used to identify you. This information is stored securely on your device and on RED Games Co’s secure servers. Your data is never sold or shared with third parties, and this information collection can be disabled in game settings.
As described above, non personal data is collected and used in the App to allow players to create and save their LEGO Brawlers and their game progress, match Brawlers both visually and functionally, and simulate real-time game mechanics during matches.
We also collect non personal information about the device such as volume and the language setting. This data is stored locally on a player’s device and in a player’s iCloud Key Value Store.
What is iCloud Key Value Store?
iCloud Key-Value storage is a safe and secure cloud-based service provided by Apple that allows an app to save data to a user’s private iCloud Account storage and access that data from multiple devices that may be logged into the same iCloud account.
Multiplayer and online game play
If you wish to play in multiplayer/online mode, non-personal game data is saved to RED Games Co’s secure servers. This data is anonymous and is used to improve the App’s performance and player experience.
A player may choose not to provide this anonymous data or update their choice at any time from the settings screen. Declining information collection will disable all online multiplayer game modes and no information will be transmitted to other users. However, information will still be synced to the user’s iCloud account and Device Data will remain on the device.
Who do we share your data with?
The App shares information with a service provider called Exit Games. Exit Games uses this information to deliver multiplayer gameplay, to match players together and for following a player's progress within a play session. This information is not used for any other purpose.
LEGO Brawls is built with Unity3D, a cross-platform game engine.
If you have any questions about the use of service providers, please contact us at: support@legobrawls.zendesk.com
How long do we keep your information for?
RED Games Co. keeps the following non personal data , for up to 5 years. Player save data, in-game analytics and performance data. Players may choose to delete their saved data locally from their device or from the Game specific cloud data, such as iCloud, at any time.
User Data:
Stored in the user’s iCloud and kept until you wish to delete it.
Brawler Data and Real Time Game Inputs:
These are stored for the duration of a match or a party the user is in and not kept longer than the session.
Device Data:
Is saved locally on the user’s device
Contact Info
For more information on RED Games Co’s LEGO Brawls privacy policy or data processing practices please contact Customer Support at:
Email:
support@legobrawls.zendesk.com
Phone:
801-210-0439
Mailing Address:
9 Exchange Pl Ste 700, Salt Lake City, Utah, 84111, United States
Data Subject Rights
Although the game does not collect any personal information, players can delete their User Data stored in iCloud via the settings menu or can have full access to this data via Apple provided tools at https://privacy.apple.com.
All player data used for multiplayer games is deleted automatically at the end of the game session.
If you are an EU/UK citizen and wish to contact us about your data subject rights, you can contact us at support@legobrawls.zendesk.com
PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
RED Games., LLC is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA safe harbor certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the certification page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO Seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to supporting online services to safeguard children’s personal information collected online.
The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO COPPA certification Seal. The certification Seal posted on this page indicates  Red Games Co., LLC has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at 801-210-0439 or privacypolicy@redgames.co. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com.
GDPR kids PRIVACY ASSURED
The Program applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO GDPRkids™ Verified Shield. The PRIVO GDPRkids™ Privacy Assured Program supports child directed services known as Information Society Services under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), to comply with the requirements of this legislation. It impacts any child directed service in an EU Member State and any service globally that collects and or processes the personal data of children and minors. There is no safe harbor for the GDPR to date, but to ensure this company's services meet the program requirements, we conduct regular monitoring and consulting.
개인 정보 보호 정책 (Korean)
HOW TO PLAY
FAQ
SUPPORT
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF SERVICE