AmayaKids
Our apps
About us
Reviews
Contact us
Home Page
Our apps
Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
MAY 23,
                                                2023
Welcome! This Privacy Policy explains how AmayaKids
                                                (“AmayaKids" or "we") collects and uses your personal information
                                                while you play
                                                AmayaKids's games ("Games") and/or use AmayaKids's websites that link to
                                                this Privacy Policy
                                                ("Websites").
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time
                                                to time. If we
                                                make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you via
                                                email if we have your
                                                email address on record, or via a notice on the Websites and/or Games
                                                prior to the change
                                                becoming effective.
AmayaKids
is committed
                                                        to making sure
                                                        that kids’ privacy is safeguarded and we aim to comply
                                                        with all (privacy) regulations
                                                        worldwide, like the Children’s Online Privacy Protection
                                                        Act (COPPA) in the US. If you
                                                        want to know what data is collected by our apps and how this is
                                                        handled, please review this
                                                        policy. If you have any questions or concerns, send us an email
                                                        via info@amayasoft.com, we
                                                        are here to help.
When using the apps we produce for parents and
                                                children (the
                                                “
Games
”) our company and its
                                                subsidiaries (together “
AmayaKids
” or
                                                “
We
”) may collect information including
                                                usage data.  When
                                                adults or parents visit
www.amayakids.com
(the “
Website
”), we may also
                                                collect information on the usage of our website for adults and
                                                parents.  This data
                                                collection is discussed in greater detail below.
If you are accessing the Games or Website from within
                                                the European
                                                Union (EU) or are an EU citizen, please review the Lawful Bases for
                                                Processing Personal Data and
                                                Individual Rights sections below for more information on your how your
                                                personal data will be
                                                processed and the rights you have regarding this processing.
Information collected through our Games
Information Collected Automatically By:
AmayaKids
.  Most of
                                                our apps note your
                                                IP address and use this to determine the country the device is located.
                                                The IP address is not
                                                stored on our systems, but we keep track of the country our app is
                                                functioning in. This
                                                information cannot be connected to a unique device and is never shared
                                                with third
                                                parties.
For every device a Game is installed on, AmayaKids
                                                may collect some
                                                analytical information. We collect this information to improve the
                                                performance and reliability
                                                of our Games and to get a better understanding of what users prefer. We
                                                do not link any of this
                                                information in any way to individuals or any other information we might
                                                obtain. We do not share,
                                                sell or in any other way give other persons or companies outside
                                                AmayaKids access to this
                                                information, except to comply with a legal obligation to do so (e.g.
                                                court order) or in case the
                                                ownership of the information changes due to a merger, acquisition or
                                                restructuring involving
                                                AmayaKids.
We may use some of the following services in our apps:
Appsflyer.
Appsflyer is an attribution tool that lets us know which sites, apps or platforms users of some of our apps come from. This specific tool is only used in relation to adults users of our apps or adult sections of our apps (such as subscription areas).
We use the strict-mode SDK to completely remove IDFA collection functionality and Apple AdSupport framework dependencies.
For more information on Appsflyer please see their privacy policy:
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Appsflyer Privacy Statement for Kids Apps:
https://www.appsflyer.com/gatedpdfs/AppsFlyer-Privacy-Statement-for-Kids-Apps.pdf
Mixpanel
. We collect user data to better understand the usage of our apps. Non-personal data may be sent to Mixpanel for this purpose. We do not share your personal information with any unaffiliated third parties, including Mixpanel. The collected information is used solely to improve our service. We do not provide this information to any third party unless to comply with a legal obligation to do so (e.g., court order) or in case the ownership of the information changes due to a merger, acquisition, or restructuring involving AmayaKids. For more information on the exact data collected, you can refer to the appendix below.
Information you provide through the Games:
Child users do not have the ability to provide any
                                                personal
                                                information when using the Games beyond what has collected automatically
                                                (as noted above). 
                                                Adult users can use the Support link within the adult/parent area of the
                                                app to access the
                                                customer support features on the Website. If you submit a support ticket
                                                on our Website, you
                                                must provide an email address and may provide your name. We do not
                                                require you to provide your
                                                full name to contact us.
Information collected through our Websites:
Information collected automatically:
Our Websites are intended for use by parents and
                                                adults and use
                                                Google Analytics (third party scripts) that collect the following
                                                information and might (also)
                                                store such information as a cookie on the device you use to access our
                                                webpage:
Demographics
(browser language,
                                                        country, city);
System
                                                                information
(browser, OS,
                                                        service provider);
Mobile
(OS, service
                                                        provider, screen resolution);
Acquisition
                                                                channel
(source from where
                                                        the user clicked, most of it
                                                        is not revealed by Google);
Site behavior
(which pages users
                                                        visit, duration of visit); and
Remarketing
                                                                list
(remembers user visit via cookie for
                                                        future advertising).
In order for you to use any of our Websites, you
                                                should agree with
                                                the placement of the specific cookies and their use.
Information you provide:
In addition to the information automatically
                                                collected when you visit
                                                the Website, parents may provide their name and email address for two
                                                specific purposes:
Signing up for our
                                                        parent
                                                        newsletter
Contacting us or
                                                        our customer support
                                                        team
To provide you with the newsletter, we require you to
                                                provide your
                                                email address. We use the email address only to provide you with the
                                                newsletter and for no other
                                                purpose. And you can opt-out of receiving the newsletters at any time
                                                using the unsubscribe link
                                                or by contacting us at info@amayasoft.com
If you submit a support ticket or reach out to us
                                                using the contact
                                                form on our Website, you must provide an email address and may provide
                                                your name. We do not
                                                require you to provide your full name to contact us.
How your information is used
We use the information collected through our Games
                                                and Websites for
                                                getting a better understanding of their use and the preferences of our
                                                visitors. We do not use
                                                this information for any other purpose or make it available to any other
                                                party (beyond those
                                                disclosed above), unless in order to comply with a legal obligation to
                                                do so (e.g. court order)
                                                or in case the ownership of the information changes due to a merger,
                                                acquisition or
                                                restructuring involving AmayaKids.
How your information is shared
Any personal information automatically collected by
                                                us is used solely
                                                to improve our service and we do not provide this information to any
                                                third party (beyond those
                                                disclosed above), unless in order to comply with a legal obligation to
                                                do so (e.g. court order)
                                                or in case the ownership of the information changes due to a merger,
                                                acquisition or
                                                restructuring involving AmayaKids.
Information that is collected on our Websites by
                                                scripts from Google
                                                will also be available to Google. AmayaKids has no control over the
                                                collection or usage of this
                                                information by Google and does not accept any liability for the same.
                                                However, we believe that
                                                the collection and usage of information by Google is compliant with
                                                relevant regulations.
                                                According to the disclosures of Google, they will use this information
                                                as follows:
According to the best of our knowledge, Google uses
                                                the information
                                                collected to provide us with a better understanding of the use of our
                                                Websites and of the
                                                preferences of our visitors. Google will also use the information
                                                collected to personalize
                                                advertisements that are shown to you while surfing the web or while
                                                using Google services.
                                                Please refer to
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
and more specifically here:
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/143465?hl=en&rd=1
for more information. You can also opt-out
                                                using the following Google
                                                tool: Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on (
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
). Click here to opt-out of Google
                                                Analytics.
Lawful bases for processing personal data
If you are an individual in the European Union (EU)
                                                or an EU citizen,
                                                we collect and process data about you only where we have legal bases for
                                                doing so under
                                                applicable EU laws. This means we collect and process your data only
                                                when:
It is necessary
                                                        for a legitimate
                                                        interest (which is not overridden by your individual privacy
                                                        interests), such as preventing
                                                        fraud, improving the Website, and increasing the security of the
                                                        Website and network
                                                        infrastructure;
You have consented
                                                        to this collection
                                                        and processing for a specific purpose;
It is necessary to
                                                        fulfill our
                                                        contractual obligations; or
It is necessary to
                                                        comply with a legal
                                                        obligation.
Where we rely on your consent to process your
                                                personal data, you have
                                                the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. If you wish to
                                                withdraw your consent,
                                                please contact us using the information in the Contacts for the
                                                Individual Rights Requests
                                                section.  Some examples of our legitimate interests and the data
                                                being processed
                                                include:
Network and
                                                        information security
                                                        (password, IP address, Device ID)
Customer Support
                                                        and fraud prevention
                                                        (name, email address)
Improving our
                                                        products and services
                                                        (hardware information, activity logs)
Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process
                                                your personal
                                                data, you have the right to object.  More information on exercising
                                                this right can be found
                                                in the Individual Rights section below.
If you have any questions about or need further
                                                information
                                                concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal
                                                data, please contact us at
                                                info@amayasoft.com.
We do not collect any other information
When you download and use our Games, or surf our
                                                Websites, we
                                                don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t
                                                collect any personal
                                                information, except general information explained above, including
                                                unique device identifiers and
                                                cookies (as specified above) to anonymously identify your computer or
                                                device so we can deliver a
                                                better experience. We do not share such information with third
                                                parties.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal
                                                information from
                                                children under 16. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such
                                                information, please
                                                contact us so we can remove the information.
Individual Rights
AmayaKids makes certain choices available to you when
                                                it comes to
                                                your personal data.  Please review the below information outlining
                                                your choices and how to
                                                exercise them. We will respond to all requests within a reasonable
                                                timeframe.  If our full
                                                response will ever take more than a month due to complexity or scope, we
                                                will notify you of this
                                                and keep you updated.
Review and update your data
:
                                                You have the right to access and update any personal data that we have
                                                collected.  To
                                                review the data that we have and update it as required, please submit a
                                                request using the
                                                contact information at the end of this section.  We may request
                                                more information to confirm
                                                your identity before releasing or modifying any personal data.
Delete your data
: You also the
                                                right to have your personal data deleted. This is sometimes known as the
                                                ‘right to be
                                                forgotten’.  To request that we delete all personal data
                                                about you, please submit a
                                                request using the contact information at the end of this section. 
                                                We may request more
                                                information to confirm your identity before deleting any personal
                                                data.
After you delete your personal data from our
                                                services, we may not
                                                immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not
                                                immediately remove data
                                                from our backup systems for archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse,
                                                analytics, satisfaction of
                                                legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have
                                                a legitimate reason to
                                                do so.  We may also decline to honor this request in certain
                                                specific situations, such as
                                                if the data is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or to
                                                exercise/defend a legal
                                                claim.
Restrict Processing
: You have
                                                the right to restrict how we process your personal data in certain
                                                circumstances.  This is
                                                an alternative to requesting the deletion of your data. Rather than
                                                requesting we delete all
                                                your personal data, you may request that we limit our uses of your
                                                personal data to specific
                                                purposes.  You may wish to request we restrict our processing if
                                                you contest the accuracy
                                                of your personal data and we are working to verify this information, or
                                                if you want us to retain
                                                your personal data in connection to a legal claim but cease processing
                                                it.
Data Portability
: You have the
                                                right to obtain copies of your information in a structured, commonly
                                                used format that you can
                                                move your data between our service and the services of others.  We
                                                may request more
                                                information to confirm your identity before providing any personal
                                                data.
Right to Object
: You have the
                                                right to object to the processing of your personal data for direct
                                                marketing purposes or when
                                                our processing of your data is based on legitimate interests.  You
                                                may request that we stop
                                                processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. This is an
                                                absolute right and we
                                                cannot refuse this request. Beyond direct marketing, if you wish to
                                                exercise this right, you
                                                must give specific reasons why you object to our processing of your
                                                data, based on your
                                                particular situation.  Even after receiving such a request, we may
                                                continue processing if
                                                it is necessary for the exercise/defense of a legal claim or if we can
                                                demonstrate a compelling
                                                legitimate ground for the processing.
If any request made under this section is clearly
                                                unfounded or
                                                excessive, we may reject the request or require a reasonable fee to
                                                honor the request.  If
                                                we decide to reject your request, we will inform you of the reasons for
                                                not taking action and
                                                provide information on other possible remedies. If we decide that a
                                                reasonable fee is necessary,
                                                we will promptly inform you and will comply with the request upon
                                                receipt of this fee.
Contact for Individual Rights Requests
Please use the below information when submitting a
                                                request to
                                                exercise any of the above rights.  Please do not submit requests
                                                across multiple
                                                communications channels. We will make all efforts to respond to your
                                                request within a reasonable
                                                timeframe.
Email
:
                                                info@amayasoft.com
If you are an EU citizen or reside in the EU and wish
                                                to raise a
                                                concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any
                                                other rights you may
                                                have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory
                                                authority.
Data Retention
AmayaKids may retain users’ data for the
                                                following
                                                purposes:
To develop new
                                                        features and improve
                                                        the Games and Website;
To support
                                                        subsequent customer service
                                                        inquiries;
To improve the
                                                        safety and security of
                                                        the Games and Website; or
Comply with our
                                                        legal
                                                        obligations.
We will retain your information for as long as is
                                                reasonably
                                                necessary in relation to the purposes for which this data was
                                                collected.  In many
                                                instances, we will retain your data while it is necessary for your use
                                                of the Games or Website,
                                                which may include maintaining this information beyond when you cease
                                                using the Games or
                                                Website.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was last updated on the date that
                                                appears at the
                                                top of this document.  Our privacy policy may change from time to
                                                time, and we explicitly
                                                reserve our right to do so. If we make any material changes to our
                                                policies, we will place a
                                                prominent notice on our website or application.  We will obtain
                                                prior parental consent if
                                                any changes we make to this Policy affect users under the age of 13 in a
                                                way that requires such
                                                consent under COPPA.
APPENDIX
AppsFlyer (AppsFlyer Inc.) collects the following information
                                                through our
                                                Games:
IDFV – or Identifier for Vendors, is an alphanumeric identifier assigned to users on apps that can be shared across all apps under one developer (company).
IP Address
                                                                (the internet address
                                                                the Game uses to connect to the Internet; this
                                                                information is used to know in which
                                                                country the device is and then deleted from
                                                                AppsFlyer’s systems);
Device type
                                                                (e.g. iPad 2, Galaxy
                                                                S3, etc.);
OS version
                                                                (the type of operating
                                                                system and the version thereof);
Game version
                                                                (specific Game(s) and
                                                                the versions thereof); and
Length of a
                                                                play
                                                                session.
Default
                                                                language the device
                                                                uses
Mixpanel collects the following information through our Games:
IP Address (the internet address the Game uses to connect to the Internet; this information is used to know in which country the device is and then deleted from Mixpanel’s systems);
Device type (e.g. iPad 2, Galaxy S3, etc.);
OS version (the type of operating system and the version thereof);
Game version (specific Game(s) and the versions thereof); and
Length of a play session.
Default language the device uses
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Services Privacy Policy
Last updated August 6, 2021
Introduction
AppsFlyer provides attribution and marketing analytics services (“
Services
“) that enable advertisers and developers (collectively, “
Customer(s)
“) to: (i) measure and analyze the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns by understanding which marketing campaigns contributed to the download/installation of their mobile applications (“
Applications
“) or such other conversion metric (e.g. relaunch of Application); and (ii) measure and analyze certain events and actions within their Application or websites, such as in-app purchases made by End Users (as defined below). The Services also help our Customers identify and protect against fraudulent behavior related to their marketing campaigns.
This Services Privacy Policy describes AppsFlyer’s privacy practices in relation to the information collected from Customers and End Users and received by AppsFlyer when Customers use our Services. This Services Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use of AppsFlyer’s publicly accessible website or marketing activities, which is described under our Privacy Policy. To view the Privacy Policy, please
click here
. Furthermore, AppsFlyer and its Customers have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by AppsFlyer and their use by Customers (“
Agreement(s)
“). Such Agreements may contain additional obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information. Nothing in this Services Privacy Policy derogates from such additional obligations.
For the purpose of this Services Privacy Policy: (i) any reference to “
End User(s)
” means end users who have interacted with, or viewed, Customer’s advertising and marketing materials, or use or have used Customer’s Applications, websites, products and services; and (ii) any reference to “
AppsFlyer
” “
we
” “
us
” or “
our
” shall mean AppsFlyer Ltd. and its affiliates.
End User Data Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer uses the Services, the following End User information may be received and processed by AppsFlyer (collectively, “
End User Data
”).
“
Technical Information
”: this refers to technical information related to an End User’s mobile device or computer, such as: browser type, device type and model, CPU, system language, memory, OS version, Wi-Fi status, time stamp and zone, device motion parameters and carrier.
“
Technical Identifiers
”: this refers to various unique identifiers that generally only identify a computer, device, browser or Application. For example, IP address (which may also provide general location information), User agent, IDFA (identifier for advertisers), Android ID (in Android devices); Google Advertiser ID, Customer issued user ID and other similar unique identifiers.
“
Engagement Information
”: this refers to information relating to the Customer’s ad campaigns and End User actions, such as: clicks on Customer ads, ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, the type of ads and the webpage or Application from which such ads were displayed, the webpages on Customer’s website visited by an End User, the URL from the referring website, downloads and installations of Applications, and other interactions, events and actions Customers choose to measure and analyze within their Application or website (e.g. add to cart, in-app purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
While End User Data does not generally contain any information that directly identifies an individual, such as names, addresses, credit cards or other similarly regulated financial information, health information, or any other type of sensitive personal information (“
PII
“), we acknowledge that under certain jurisdictions the End User Data we do receive when a Customer uses the Services may be deemed personal data and therefore, where applicable, will be treated as such. Within the scope of the engagement between Customers and AppsFlyer, Customers are contractually prohibited from collecting PII, unless otherwise agreed by AppsFlyer. However, Customers have sole control over their properties (including their websites and Application) and configuration of the Services and thus Customers have the technical ability to configure the Services to collect PII. This includes, for example, a Customer using an End User’s email address as a Customer issued user ID Technical Identifier. If a Customer has configured the Services to collect PII then we may receive and process such data.
Registration Information Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer registers to use the Services, we may collect certain information related to such Customer (“
Registration Information
” and together with the End User Data, “
Customer Data
”), including Customer name and Customer details, billing information and names and contact details of Customer employees and representatives who are using the Services (e.g. email, phone number and address). When a Customer uses the Services, AppsFlyer may also collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Customer is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g. browser type, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Customer (“
Log Data
”).
How Data is Collected
Customer Data may be collected through various methods, including:
When provided voluntarily (e.g. Customer’s Registration Information).
When the Customer integrates AppsFlyer’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Applications, websites and/or ads (“
Collection Technologies
”). For explanations on cookies and similar technologies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Customer in connection with the measurement and analysis of Customer’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with AppsFlyer (“
Partners
”).
How Data is Used by AppsFlyer
When AppsFlyer receives End User Data from a Customer, it uses such End User Data as follows:
to provide such Customer with the Services they have subscribed for. Such services may include, without limitation, attribution, analytics and ad fraud protection services. Please visit
https://www.appsflyer.com
for more information regarding the Services.
to establish: (i) matches between devices used by an End User; and (ii) to detect fraud (such matched data and fraud data, collectively, the, “
Platform Data
”) in order to ensure more accurate attribution measurement and ad fraud protection for Customers using the Services. Platform Data does not contain PII such as End User names, physical addresses, phone numbers or other similar personal data that can directly identify an individual.
With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, we use such information to authenticate login to the Services, to communicate with the Customer and to process any payments in connection with the Services. Additionally, we may use: (i) Registration Information to inform Customers of any updates to the Services, including new features and functionalities; and (ii) Log Data to understand how Customers are using the Services so that we may efficiently audit, maintain and improve the Services provided to Customers.
AppsFlyer may use information derived from the aggregation of End User Data and/or Log Data with other data for research and analytics purposes and improvement and marketing of the Services (“
Aggregated Data
”). Aggregated Data shall be anonymous and in no way reveal the identity of the Customer or any End User.
Sharing Data
AppsFlyer does not share or disclose Customer Data with any third party, except:
Upon our Customer’s request– (e.g. to Partners);
To our subsidiaries and global branches as necessary to help us support and maintain the Services provided to Customers;
To our service providers who help to support our Services – such as data hosting providers and payment processors; Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Customers. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When legally required (e.g. court orders or other lawful requests by public authorities), including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To respond to, or prevent, fraud or to protect the safety of AppsFlyer, its Customers, End Users or the public;
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, in which case End User Data may be transferred to the surviving or acquiring entity.
Cross Border Data Transfers
AppsFlyer may need to transfer Customer Data to countries other than the country from which the Data originated. Any such transfer shall be done in compliance with all applicable laws. With regards to the collection, use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
Protecting Data and Retention
AppsFlyer implements appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Customer Data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.appsflyer.com/trust/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Services Privacy Policy.
AppsFlyer will not retain: (i) End User Data for more than twenty-four months except where otherwise directed by Customers or required or allowed by law; and (ii) Registration Information, Log Data or Platform Data for more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected.
Relationship, Lawful Basis and End User Choices
Under the laws of certain jurisdictions, when processing End User Data in connection with the provision of Services to a Customer, AppsFlyer is deemed a ‘data processor’ while its Customers are deemed ‘data controllers’.
Therefore, End Users should closely review the Privacy Policies of the Applications and websites they use in order to learn about the privacy practices of our Customers.
Where AppsFlyer may be deemed a data controller under the laws of certain jurisdictions (e.g. in connection with its processing of Log Data or Registration Information), AppsFlyer shall comply with all applicable laws related to its status as a data controller and shall only use the data as described in this Services Privacy Policy. With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, the lawful basis AppsFlyer relies on is its need to perform its obligations under the Agreement between AppsFlyer and Customer and on its legitimate interests to maintain, analyze and improve the Services. The laws of certain jurisdictions may provide End Users with various rights in connection with the processing of End User Data, including:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data processor, End Users should contact our Customers to pursue any such legal data subject rights. AppsFlyer will cooperate with its Customers to support and comply with any such data subject rights requests.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data controller, End Users may exercise their rights by contacting AppsFlyer at:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. In any event, AppsFlyer provides End Users with the ability to opt-out of being measured by the Services by emailing a request to
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by completing the form
here
. You may also send any question regarding your exercise of data subject rights to
privacy@appsflyer.com
.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Updates and Questions
We may update this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes will be notified to the Customer either through the Services, email or as otherwise agreed by the parties in the Agreement. We will also indicate that an update has occurred on the top of this page so Customers and End Users are encouraged to review this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. For any questions relating to this Services Privacy Policy or to contact our data protection officer please send us a mail to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. You may also send us or our data protection officer regular mail:
AppsFlyer – Attn: Legal Team/Data Protection Officer,
14 Maskit St.
Herzliya, Israel
4673314
For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany GmbH Kurfürstendamm 11, c/o WeWork, 10719 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49-30-3119-9129)
Sub-policy 1
https://www.appsflyer.com/gatedpdfs/AppsFlyer-Privacy-Statement-for-Kids-Apps.pdf:

Sub-policy 2
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
