iHeart Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to information PETNINJA LIMITED collects when you use our mobile application, which improves the Service and helps analyze how users’ habits impact their health and their emotional and physical condition. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. This privacy policy applies to all Services provided by PETNINJA LIMITED.
Collection of Information
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you as follows:
Information you provide us:
We collect personal information you provide us. The types of information we may collect include your your heart rate, HRV values, date of birth, weight, height and any other information you choose to provide. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Application.
Information we collect automatically from our Services:
We collect information about the mobile device you use to access our Services, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use and unique device identifiers.
We will not store or collect your payment card details.
We collect information about your heart rate, HRV parameters to aid us in serving you better. And we won’t disclosure of your personal data.
Use of Information
We may use your information, including your personal information, as follows:
Provide services you request and send you related information, including confirmations;
Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services.
Security
iHeart takes reasonable measures to help protect your information in our possession from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Additionally, iHeart implements policies designed to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information that we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. Therefore, while iHeart uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data, iHeart cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Childrens’ Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. The Services are not designed or intended for children and we do not intentionally collect information about children under 13 years old. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
feedbackiheart@gmail.com
.
Contact Us
iHeart welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please email us at
feedbackiheart@gmail.com
.