Terms of service
Introduction
The following terms and conditions are in regard to the use of DEPSTECH’s official website. By using the website, visitors are inherently agreeing to the terms set below. These terms may be updated periodically. May the term “you” be defined as visitors to the website, and “we” as DEPSTECH. These Terms of Use, together with DEPSTECH's Privacy Policy, constitute the entire agreement between you and DEPSTECH in relation to your use of this website and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
License to Use Website
Unless otherwise stated, DEPSTECH and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights to the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view, download (for caching purposes only), and print pages, user manuals, or other product information from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these Terms & Conditions. However, you may not republish material from this website (including republication on another website), or sell, rent, or sub-license material from the website; display any material from the website in public; reproduce, duplicate, copy, or otherwise exploit material on this website for commercial purposes; edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; redistribute material from this website, except content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.
Acceptable Use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, or harmful; or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purposes or activity. You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish, or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit, or other malicious computer software. You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including, without limitation, scraping, data mining, data extraction, and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without DEPSTECH's express written consent. You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications. You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without DEPSTECH's express written consent.
User Content
In these Terms & Conditions, "your user content" means material (including, without limitation, text, images, and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose. You grant to DEPSTECH a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate, and distribute your user content in any existing or future media. You also grant DEPSTECH the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights. Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or DEPSTECH or a third party (in each case under any applicable law). You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings, or other similar complaints. DEPSTECH reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on DEPSTECH's servers, or hosted or published on this website. Notwithstanding DEPSTECH's rights under these Terms & Conditions in relation to user content, DEPSTECH does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
No Warranties
This website is provided "as is" without any representations or warranties, express or implied. DEPSTECH makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, DEPSTECH's does not warrant that:
This website will be constantly available or available at all
The information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading
Nothing on this website constitutes or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial, or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
Limitations of Liability
DEPSTECH will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contract, the law of torts, or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, use of, or otherwise in connection with this website:
To the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss
For any indirect, special, or consequential loss
For any losses of the business, revenue, income, profits, anticipated savings, contracts, business relationships, reputation, goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data
These limitations of liability apply even if DEPSTECH has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit, and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit DEPSTECH's liability in respect of any:
Death or personal injury caused DEPSTECH's negligence
Fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of DEPSTECH
The matter that it would be illegal or unlawful for DEPSTECH to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit its liability
Other Parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, DEPSTECH has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against DEPSTECH's officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website. Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect DEPSTECH's officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, and sub-contractors, as well as DEPSTECH.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify DEPSTECH and undertake to keep DEPSTECH indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities, and expenses (including, without limitation, legal expenses and any amounts paid by DEPSTECH to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of DEPSTECH's legal advisers) incurred or suffered by DEPSTECH arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these Terms & Conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these Terms of Use.
Breaches
Without prejudice to DEPSTECH's other rights under these Terms & Conditions, if you breach these Terms & Conditions in any way, DEPSTECH may take such action as DEPSTECH deems appropriate to deal with the breach; including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website, and bringing court proceedings against you.
Assignment
DEPSTECH may transfer, sub-contract, or otherwise deal with DEPSTECH's rights and obligations under these Terms & Conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent. You may not transfer, sub-contract, or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these Terms & Conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these Terms & Conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the UK.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us at support@depstech.com.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://depstech.com/policies/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, perform marketing, and collect analytics. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy.
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
Skip to content
⚡ Hot Sale
New Releases
Endoscopes
Shop By Category
USB Endoscopes
WiFi Endoscopes
Video Endoscopes
Shop By Occasion
Automotive Borescopes
Home Inspection Cameras
Industrial Endoscopes
Shop By Country
United States
United Kingdom
Canada
European Countries
Shop By Device
Android Endoscope Cameras
iPhone Endoscope Cameras
Accessories & Attachments
Webcams
Shop By Resolution
1080p Webcam
4K Webcam
Shop By Scenario
Live Streaming
Work from Home
Game Streaming
Power Tools
Power Tools
Power Tool Accessories
Support
Contact Us
Apps & User Manuals
Register Your Product
Product Comparison
Q & A
Community
Blog
Super User Group
Referrals & Collaborations
Video Review
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
TikTok
Your cart is currently empty.
❤ Join the DEPSTECH Community for Exclusive Updates
⚡Best Deal of the Day >>
❤ Join the DEPSTECH Community for Exclusive Updates
⚡Best Deal of the Day >>
Currency
USD $
EUR €
GBP £
USD $
Privacy policy
Last updated: September 12, 2024
This Privacy Policy describes how DEPSTECH (the "Site", "we", "us", or "our") collects, uses, and discloses your personal information when you visit, use our services, or make a purchase from depstech.com (the "Site") or otherwise communicate with us regarding the Site (collectively, the "Services"). For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "you" and "your" means you as the user of the Services, whether you are a customer, website visitor, or another individual whose information we have collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, including to reflect changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. We will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site, update the "Last updated" date and take any other steps required by applicable law.
How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
To provide the Services, we collect and have collected over the past 12 months personal information about you from a variety of sources, as set out below. The information that we collect and use varies depending on how you interact with us.
In addition to the specific uses set out below, we may use information we collect about you to communicate with you, provide or improve or improve the Services, comply with any applicable legal obligations, enforce any applicable terms of service, and to protect or defend the Services, our rights, and the rights of our users or others.
What Personal Information We Collect
The types of personal information we obtain about you depends on how you interact with our Site and use our Services. When we use the term "personal information", we are referring to information that identifies, relates to, describes or can be associated with you. The following sections describe the categories and specific types of personal information we collect.
Information We Collect Directly from You
Information that you directly submit to us through our Services may include:
Contact details
including your name, address, phone number, and email.
Order information
including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment confirmation, email address, and phone number.
Account information
including your username, password, security questions and other information used for account security purposes.
Shopping information
including the items you view, put in your cart, saved into your account like loyalty points, reviews, referrals or gift cards, or purchases.
Loyalty points/product reviews/referrals/gift cards saved
Customer support information
including the information you choose to include in communications with us, for example, when sending a message through the Services.
Some features of the Services may require you to directly provide us with certain information about yourself. You may elect not to provide this information, but doing so may prevent you from using or accessing these features.
Information We Collect about Your Usage
We may also automatically collect certain information about your interaction with the Services ("
Usage Data
"). To do this, we may use cookies, pixels and similar technologies ("
Cookies
"). Usage Data may include information about how you access and use our Site and your account, including device information, browser information, information about your network connection, your IP address and other information regarding your interaction with the Services.
Information We Obtain from Third Parties
Finally, we may obtain information about you from third parties, including from vendors and service providers who may collect information on our behalf, such as:
Companies who support our Site and Services, such as Shopify.
Our payment processors, who collect payment information (e.g., bank account, credit or debit card information, billing address) to process your payment in order to fulfill your orders and provide you with products or services you have requested, in order to perform our contract with you.
When you visit our Site, open or click on emails we send you, or interact with our Services or advertisements, we, or third parties we work with, may automatically collect certain information using online tracking technologies such as pixels, web beacons, software developer kits, third-party libraries, and cookies.
Any information we obtain from third parties will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Also see the section below,
Third Party Websites and Links.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Providing Products and Services.
We use your personal information to provide you with the Services in order to perform our contract with you, including to process your payments, fulfill your orders, to send notifications to you related to your account, purchases, returns, exchanges or other transactions, to create, maintain and otherwise manage your account, to arrange for shipping, facilitate any returns and exchanges and other features and functionalities related to your account. We may also enhance your shopping experience by enabling Shopify to match your account with other Shopify services that you may choose to use. In this case, Shopify will process your information as set forth in its Privacy Policy and Consumer Privacy Policy.
Marketing and Advertising.
We may use your personal information for marketing and promotional purposes, such as to send marketing, advertising and promotional communications by email, text message or postal mail, and to show you advertisements for products or services. This may include using your personal information to better tailor the Services and advertising on our Site and other websites. If you are an EEA resident, the legal basis for these data processing activities is our legitimate interest in selling our products, according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
We use your personal information to detect, investigate or take action regarding possible fraudulent, illegal or malicious activity. If you choose to use the Services and register an account, you are responsible for keeping your account credentials safe. We highly recommend that you do not share your username, password, or other access details with anyone else. If you believe your account has been compromised, please contact us immediately. If you are an EEA resident, the legal basis for these data processing activities is our legitimate interest in keeping our website secure for you and other customers, according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Communicating with You and Service Improvement.
We use your personal information to provide you with customer support and improve our Services. This is in our legitimate interests in order to be responsive to you, to provide effective services to you, and to maintain our business relationship with you according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Cookies
Like many websites, we use Cookies on our Site. For specific information about the Cookies that we use related to powering our store with Shopify, see
https://www.shopify.com/legal/cookies
. We use Cookies to power and improve our Site and our Services (including to remember your actions and preferences), to run analytics and better understand user interaction with the Services (in our legitimate interests to administer, improve and optimize the Services). We may also permit third parties and services providers to use Cookies on our Site to better tailor the services, products and advertising on our Site and other websites.
Most browsers automatically accept Cookies by default, but you can choose to set your browser to remove or reject Cookies through your browser controls. Please keep in mind that removing or blocking Cookies can negatively impact your user experience and may cause some of the Services, including certain features and general functionality, to work incorrectly or no longer be available. Additionally, blocking Cookies may not completely prevent how we share information with third parties such as our advertising partners.
Our website also recognizes the Global Privacy Control (GPC) signal, which enables you to opt-out of certain uses or disclosures of your information. If you notify us of your preference through GPC, we will treat such signal as a valid request to opt out of sharing / targeted advertising for the associated browser or device, and, if we are able to associate the device sending the signal to a Shopify account, we will apply the opt out request to the account as well. To learn more about Global Privacy Control, you can visit
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
. Other than the Global Privacy Control, we do not recognize other “Do Not Track” signals that may be sent from your web browser or device.
How We Disclose Personal Information
In certain circumstances, we may disclose your personal information to third parties for contract fulfillment purposes, legitimate purposes and other reasons subject to this Privacy Policy. Such circumstances may include:
With vendors or other third parties who perform services on our behalf (e.g., IT management, payment processing, data analytics, customer support, cloud storage, fulfillment and shipping).
With business and marketing partners to provide services and advertise to you. Our business and marketing partners will use your information in accordance with their own privacy notices.
When you direct, request us or otherwise consent to our disclosure of certain information to third parties, such as to ship you products or through your use of social media widgets or login integrations, with your consent.
With our affiliates or otherwise within our corporate group, in our legitimate interests to run a successful business.
In connection with a business transaction such as a merger or bankruptcy, to comply with any applicable legal obligations (including to respond to subpoenas, search warrants and similar requests), to enforce any applicable terms of service, and to protect or defend the Services, our rights, and the rights of our users or others.
We have in the past 12 months disclosed the following categories of personal information and sensitive personal information about users for the purposes set out above in
"How we Collect and Use your Personal Information"
and
"How we Disclose Personal Information"
:
Category
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers such as basic contact details and certain order and account information
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute such as basic contact details and certain order and account information
Commercial information such as order information, shopping information and customer support information
Internet or other similar network activity, such as Usage Data
Geolocation data such as locations determined by an IP address or other technical measures
Vendors and third parties who perform services on our behalf (such as Internet service providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, customer support partners and data analytics providers)
Business and marketing partners
Affiliates
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information without your consent or for the purposes of inferring characteristics about you.
With your consent we share personal information for the purpose of engaging in advertising and marketing activities, as follows.
We have “sold” and “shared” (as those terms are defined in applicable law) personal information over the preceding 12 months for the purpose of engaging in advertising and marketing activities, as follows.
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers such as name, e-mail address and phone number
Business and marketing partners
Commercial information such as records of products or services purchased
Business and marketing partners
Usage Data
Business and marketing partners
Third Party Websites and Links
Our Site may provide links to websites or other online platforms operated by third parties. If you follow links to sites not affiliated or controlled by us, you should review their privacy and security policies and other terms and conditions. We do not guarantee and are not responsible for the privacy or security of such sites, including the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of information found on these sites. Information you provide on public or semi-public venues, including information you share on third-party social networking platforms may also be viewable by other users of the Services and/or users of those third-party platforms without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party. Our inclusion of such links does not, by itself, imply any endorsement of the content on such platforms or of their owners or operators, except as disclosed on the Services.
Children's Data
The Services are not intended to be used by children, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information about children. If you are the parent or guardian of a child who has provided us with their personal information, you may contact us using the contact details set out below to request that it be deleted.
As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, we do not have actual knowledge that we “share” or “sell” (as those terms are defined in applicable law) personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Security and Retention of Your Information
Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee “perfect security.” In addition, any information you send to us may not be secure while in transit. We recommend that you do not use insecure channels to communicate sensitive or confidential information to us.
How long we retain your personal information depends on different factors, such as whether we need the information to maintain your account, to provide the Services, comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce other applicable contracts and policies.
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may have some or all of the rights listed below in relation to your personal information. However, these rights are not absolute, may apply only in certain circumstances and, in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Right to Access / Know
: You may have a right to request access to personal information that we hold about you, including details relating to the ways in which we use and share your information.
Right to Delete
: You may have a right to request that we delete personal information we maintain about you.
Right to Correct
: You may have a right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.
Right of Portability
: You may have a right to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to request that we transfer it to a third party, in certain circumstances and with certain exceptions.
Right to Opt out of Sale or Sharing or Targeted Advertising
: You may have a right to direct us not to "sell" or "share" your personal information or to opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes considered to be "targeted advertising", as defined in applicable privacy laws. Please note that if you visit our Site with the Global Privacy Control opt-out preference signal enabled, depending on where you are, we will automatically treat this as a request to opt-out of the "sale" or "sharing" of information for the device and browser that you use to visit the Site.
Restriction of Processing
: You may have the right to ask us to stop or restrict our processing of personal information.
Withdrawal of Consent
: Where we rely on consent to process your personal information, you may have the right to withdraw this consent.
Appeal
: You may have a right to appeal our decision if we decline to process your request. You can do so by replying directly to our denial.
Managing Communication Preferences
: We may send you promotional emails, and you may opt out of receiving these at any time by using the unsubscribe option displayed in our emails to you. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or orders that you have made.
You may exercise any of these rights where indicated on our Site or by contacting us using the contact details provided below.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights. We may need to collect information from you to verify your identity, such as your email address or account information, before providing a substantive response to the request. In accordance with applicable laws, you may designate an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require that the agent provide proof you have authorized them to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us. We will respond to your request in a timely manner as required under applicable law.
Complaints
If you have complaints about how we process your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided below. If you are not satisfied with our response to your complaint, depending on where you live you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using the contact details set out below, or lodge your complaint with your local data protection authority. For the EEA, you can find a list of the responsible data protection supervisory authorities
here
.
International Users
Please note that we may transfer, store and process your personal information outside the country you live in. Your personal information is also processed by staff and third party service providers and partners in these countries.
If we transfer your personal information out of Europe, we will rely on recognized transfer mechanisms like the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses, or any equivalent contracts issued by the relevant competent authority of the UK, as relevant, unless the data transfer is to a country that has been determined to provide an adequate level of protection.
Contact
Should you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to exercise any of the rights available to you, please call or email us at hi@depstech.com or contact us at SHOP 185 G/F HANG WAI IND CTR NO 6 KIN TAI ST, TUEN MUN, NT, 999077, HK.
For the purpose of applicable data protection laws and if not explicitly stated otherwise, we are the data controller of your personal information.
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"
Rewards
0
Your cart is currently empty.
Country/region
Austria (EUR €)
Belgium (EUR €)
Bulgaria (EUR €)
Canada (USD $)
Croatia (EUR €)
Czechia (EUR €)
Denmark (EUR €)
Estonia (EUR €)
Finland (EUR €)
France (EUR €)
Germany (EUR €)
Greece (EUR €)
Hungary (EUR €)
Indonesia (USD $)
Ireland (EUR €)
Italy (EUR €)
Latvia (EUR €)
Lithuania (EUR €)
Luxembourg (EUR €)
Malaysia (USD $)
Netherlands (EUR €)
Philippines (USD $)
Poland (EUR €)
Portugal (EUR €)
Romania (EUR €)
Russia (USD $)
Singapore (USD $)
Slovakia (EUR €)
Slovenia (EUR €)
South Korea (USD $)
Spain (EUR €)
Sweden (EUR €)
Thailand (USD $)
United Kingdom (GBP £)
United States (USD $)
Vietnam (USD $)