Beyond Blue - Privacy Policy
Apple Arcade
Beyond Blue is a game offered by E-Line Media (“we” or “us” or “E-Line”) within Apple Arcade. This policy covers how we treat the information we collect and receive from users of Beyond Blue (“users” or “you”).  The terms “Beyond Blue,” the “Game” or the “App” refer to our game Beyond Blue, including its various editions across all devices and platforms. This Privacy Policy is effective as of March 30, 2020.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
When you play the Game, we collect data about your progress in the game, settings you have chosen while playing, and achievements in the game and store them in your iCloud account and Game Center account to allow this progress to sync across devices and for your achievements to be shown within your Game Center account.  We do not store this data separately on E-Line servers.
We do not collect personal information of users under the age of 13 or other applicable age of consent, other than persistent identifiers for support of the internal operations of the Games for Apple Arcade (in the U.S.) and/or for our legitimate interests (outside the U.S.).
Your progress includes:
the dives you have completed;
the dive objectives you have completed on each dive;
the information you have collected and viewed about the animals, plants and other found objects during these dives; and
the character dialogue choices you have made during conversations.
Your settings include:
display settings such as whether you prefer to see subtitles and your default language;
controller preferences; and
audio mix preferences.
Your achievements are the badges that show in Game Center as you complete certain objectives in the game.
You may decline (or may decline on behalf of your child) to store your game progress and settings preferences in iCloud by turning off iCloud in Apple Settings for our game. If you turn iCloud off for the game, your game progress and your game settings will not be synced if you play the game from another device.  You may also sign out of Game Center to stop sending data about your achievements to Game Center.
We do not use or share personal data for advertising purposes, including not using personal data to engage in so-called “behavioral advertising”.
We may share data to cooperate with lawful demands to government, law enforcement officials or private parties as we believe is necessary to satisfy or comply with any applicable law, regulation or legal process or to respond to lawful requests, including subpoenas, warrants or court orders.
Viewing, Correcting and Removing Information
You can obtain a complete record of any personal data we have about you by submitting a request to support@beyondbluegame.com.
You can also notify us to correct any personal data or remove any or all personal data at support@beyondbluegame.com.
Right to File a Complaint
Depending on your location, you may have a right to file a complaint with a government or other regulatory agency concerning our privacy practices or the handling of data about you.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our data collection practices, you can contact us via email at support@beyondbluegame.com or at:
Beyond Blue
c/o E-Line Media
4340 E Indian School Rd
Suite 21-595
Phoenix, AZ, 85018