Privacy Policy
Introduction
Zilong Game Limited and its affiliates (“Zilong”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) value the privacy of persons who access and/or use (“you” or “Users”) our online games (“Zilong Games”) on our platforms (“Zilong Platforms”) and other related services, including but not limited to customer supporting, marketing and advertising, (collectively, the “Services”). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) provides important information regarding Zilong’s collection, use, sharing, storing and managing of your information and data when you using or accessing our Services.
We provide this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed choice about whether to use or continue using our Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, forms part of and is subject to the Terms of Service. By agreeing to and accepting the Terms of Service, you have agreed that Zilong may collect, use, share, store and manage your information and data in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on our website. You agree to check the notices on Zilong’s official website, Zilong Platforms or Zilong Games to learn about such amendments before use our Services. Amendments to the Privacy Policy will be effective upon the posting of such amendments. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new version of Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the amended Privacy Policy, please immediately stop accessing the Services.
Any terms not defined herein but defined in the Privacy Policy shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Terms of Service.
Collection of Your Information and Data
1. Information and data provided by you
When you visit Zilong Platforms, you will be invited to create an account of Zilong Games (“Zilong Account”). If you select to create a Zilong Account, you will be asked to provide personal information conditioned on your consent and confirmation. Such personal information includes:
Contact information (e.g. your name, birth date, age, gender, postal or e-mail address)
User name, password and reminder questions and answers to recover password
Character Information (e.g. Account ID, character name, profile picture.)
Personal content preferences
Profile information (e.g. profile photo)
Messages to the Services (e.g. chat logs, your support tickets)
Billing and financial information
Other data that you voluntarily provide
2. Information and data collected automatically in Services
Information and data about your Zilong Account
Internet Protocol (IP) address, web request, domain name, URLs, referring/exit pages, platform type and mobile device identifiers (e.g. your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Information and data about your device (e.g. device name, operating system, browser type and language)
Information and data we collect with cookies and similar technologies
Location Information and data
Information and data about your use of the Services
3. Information and data collected by third parties
When you access any third party services in our Services, third party service providers may collect the following information and data based on their privacy policies
Demographic information and data (e.g. determination of your IP address)
Information and data we collect with cookies and similar technologies
Information and data to fight against fraud (e.g. refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Information and data we collect with cookies and similar technologies
Information and data associated with your browser, operation system and ISP
Information and data to do advertising, marketing and analysis
4. You fully understand that our collection and use of the following information does not need your authorization and consent:
Information and data that is necessary to protect the material interests of your life and property, for which your consent is difficult to obtain
Information and data voluntarily disclosed by you to the public
Information and data collected from public sources
Information and data that is required by you to enter into agreements with Zilong
Information and data that is necessary to maintain and improve Services
Information and data that is required by the applicable laws and regulations
How to Use Your Personal Information and Data
We will use your personal information in the following ways:
Registration Information: We use Registration Information to set-up user accounts, allow users to log-in to Zilong Platforms and Zilong Games and provide Services to users.
Device and Browser Information: We use this information to provide and improve the Services, including to allow users to download and install Zilong Platforms and Zilong Games on their devices and browsers; to record and keep track of requests from users of Zilong Platforms and Zilong Games; to detect the user network and device status when the user is using Zilong Platforms and Zilong Games; and to correct bugs or errors that occur when the user is using Zilong Platforms and Zilong Games.
Physical Location: We use this information to provide some location-based services such as forming a team with people nearby.
User Profile: We use this information to provide customized services to users such as a personal information page.
Game Data (e.g. Level, Score, in-game messages, etc.): We use this information to provide Services as part of Zilong Platforms and Zilong Games.
We use Registration Information, Physical Location, Social ID and User Profile based upon your consent to this Privacy Policy. You have your right to withdraw your consent at any time by cancelling your account and/or exercising the rights set out under “Your Rights” below. Our use of Device Information, Game Data and Payment Information is necessary to perform our contract with you to provide Zilong Platforms and Zilong Games and Services.
How We Store Your Information and Data
Your information and data will be restored at our servers. The location(s) of the servers used to provide Services to you depend upon your location. When you log in Zilong Platforms or Zilong Games, your Registration Information will be safely transferred to Zilong Platforms or Zilong Games, so as to save the time for you in repeatedly inputting information in different Zilong Platforms or Zilong Games.
We will retain your information and data for the lifetime of your use of the Services (i.e. until account deletion in accordance with your request).
In certain cases, your information and data may be required to be retained for longer periods under applicable laws and regulations. If you request us to erase your personal information (see “Your Rights” below), we will do so in accordance with local laws and regulations.
When erasing your information and data, technical measures will be taken to make the personal information irrecoverable.
How We Disclose or Transfer Your Information and Data
a) Disclose
In order to provide Services to you, it is necessary for us to disclose your information and data (on a confidential basis) to certain third parties outside your home country. We disclose your information and data to group companies of Zilong, as well as certain third parties inside and outside your country, including:
Third parties that provide services in support of our Services;
Law enforcement agencies, public authorities, judicial bodies and certain private-sector organizations, if we are legally required to do so, or if we believe that such sharing is reasonably necessary to:
- comply with a legal obligation, process or request;
- enforce our terms of service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
- detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or - protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies an
Guardians who submit requests under the applicable laws and regulations.
Zilong can also disclose your information and data or share the same with a third party under the following circumstances:
To protect the public interests under urgent circumstances;
To protect the legitimate rights and interests of Zilong.
b) Transfer
We will not transfer your information and data to any companies, organizations for persons unless under the following circumstances:
with your express consent or authorization;
to comply with requirements under the applicable laws, regulations, administrative or judicial orders;
based on the agreements entered into with you.
USE OF COOKIES
Zilong Platforms and Zilong Games may use “cookies” to save you time and personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. A cookie tells the web server that you have returned to a specific page and helps the web server to recall your customized features.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies based on instructions provided by Zilong. However, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to experience certain interactive features of the Services.
We may use third parties to better understand your user preferences and deliver targeted advertisements to you. These third parties may also place cookies on your computer. This policy does not apply to, and Zilong is not responsible for, cookies placed or data collected by such third parties.
Your Rights
You have the following rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you:
Access: You have the right to access your information and data we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it with.
Correction: You have the right to correct any inaccurate personal information that we hold about you.
Erasure: You can request deletion of your account, or removal of personal information. Your right to erasure may be limited where we have another legal basis to retain the information, or where the information has been made public.
T
o exercise your right to erasure, please submit a request by:
Emailing
US_GM@zlongame.com
. We will need to verify your identity before processing your request. In order to verify your identity, we will generally require the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the right to erasure, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity.
Upon verification of your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to complete the transaction with you, detect security incidents or fraud, fixing errors, exercise free speech or another right provided by law, comply with legal obligations, or other internal and lawful uses.
Restriction of Processing: You may request that we stop processing your information and data (a) while we verify whether your information and data is accurate or (b) in certain circumstances where you wish us to stop processing and retain information rather than deleting it.
Objection: You may object to processing of your information and data for marketing purposes, and if you do so we will stop any marketing to you. This right does not apply to service-related announcements, such as notices of temporary suspension of access to our Services for maintenance, or security, privacy or administrative communications.
Security of Your Information and Data
We are committed to maintaining the privacy and integrity of your information and data no matter where it is stored. We also protect data through the use of technological protection measures such as encryption. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you disclose on, through or within the Services and you do so entirely at your own risk. Please note that we cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
Any transmission of your information and data to our Services is at your own risk. We rely on you to select secure passwords, to protect those passwords, and to use appropriate security software on you devices.
Game Account Cancellation Agreement
Dear user, before you officially take the next step in the game account cancellation process, we would like to specifically address the following points:   after canceling your game account, unless otherwise provided by relevant laws and regulations or by this Agreement, your personal information related to the game account will be permanently deleted or anonymized, and the related products and services that have been previously connected to the game account will no longer be connected.  Once the game account is canceled it cannot be recovered, so please proceed with caution.
If, after careful consideration, you still decide to cancel your game account, please make sure to carefully read and fully understand this Game Account Cancellation Agreement ("Agreement"), and agree to all of the contents hereof, especially the provisions of Disclaimers, Restrictions (e.g. Sections 1 and 3.3) and Dispute Resolution and Jurisdiction (Sections 4.2, 4.3 and 4.4) and other bolded parts herein.  This Agreement is jointly concluded by you and Zilong Game Limited and its affiliates involved in providing game services (hereinafter referred to as "Zilong Game" or "We"), and is effective upon the execution.  By cancelling the account according to our cancellation progress, you will be deemed to have read and agreed to be bound by this Agreement.
To ensure a successful cancellation, please do not use the account under the process to log in to the game during our processing period; otherwise, you will be deemed to have withdrawn your application for cancellation.
1. You acknowlege and agree to that upon cancellation of your game account, there will (may) be consequences including but not limited to the following, which you shall solely bear or be liable for:
1.1 You will not be able to log in and use any of the character IDs under the game account;
1.2 Except as otherwise provided by relevant laws and regulations or by this Agreement, your personal information under the game account will be deleted or anonymized.  You can no longer retrieve any of your personal information and you will have no right to ask us to retrieve it.  Personal information hereunder includes but is not limited to avatar, nickname, payments and purchase records, mobile phone number, personally identifiable information, password and cryptosecurity information, and other personal information;
If your account has been banned and/or taken any other measure by us for violating relevant laws and regulations and/or relevant provisions under the Zilong User Agreement, we may keep the game data related to the violation for 3 years, so as to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of you and other relevant rights holders.  During the aforesaid retention period, we will not use the data for any purposes other than to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests for you and other relevant rights holders.
1.3 You are aware of that upon the game account is canceled, the related in-game proceeds, properties, items, goods, belongings (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Proceeds”) will also be deleted. Therefore, we also specifically remind you to handle your in-game Proceeds properly or have any other kind of game proceeds being settled before you cancel the game account.  Once the cancellation is completed, you will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited any in-game Proceeds that may exist in your account (including but not limited to any in-game Proceeds that has accrued during your use of the game and that may accrue in the future), and we have the right to clear such in-game Proceeds and consequence of such clearing shall be born by you, and you agree that you will not seek recovery or compensation from us for any of such in-game Proceeds.  The aforesaid in-game Proceeds include but are not limited to: game levels, any data related to the growth and upgrades of the game characters (including but not limited to experience value, prestige value, title, etc.); unused in-game virtual currency, virtual props and other virtual items (such as coupons, diamonds, bundles, props, subscriptions, etc.); unexpired services that have been purchased; other in-game Proceeds generated but not used or expected in-game Proceeds in the future, etc.
1.4 Once the game account is canceled, it cannot be restored.  Even if you use the same mobile phone number or another account recognized by Zilong Game as a game account to re-register and log in to the game, a new game account will be generated.  Therefore, we kindly remind you to back up the content you need before you apply for cancellation;
1.5 Upon the game account is cancelled, Zilong User Agreement into which you have entered with us shall be terminated (except for those provisions survive the termination thereof).  However, such termination does not affect the relevant liabilities and responsibilities that you should bear for using the game services before the game account is canceled. You still assume the corresponding liabilities and responsibilities for use of the game services before the game account is canceled, including but not limited to liability for breaching the contract, damages, obligations thereof, etc.;
1.6  Other consequences that may arise from the account cancellation.
2. Before you apply/continue to apply for cancellation of your game account with us, in order to protect your account security and related rights and interests, please ensure that the game account you apply for cancellation has met all of the following conditions/requirements in the meantime, including but not limited to:
2.1 The game account is legally owned and used by youself and has complied with all of the provisions in Zilong User Agreement and relevant applicable rules;
2.2 The game account is in safe status and normal use, and there is no risk of being blocked or stolen.  The account doesn’t involve any alleged violations in progress(i.e. the account has being banned or being taken any other measure for violating the relevant agreements and rules for the game);
2.3 The relevant in-game Proceeds have been settled or properly handled: including but not limited to coupons, diamonds, gold coins, props, and other game Proceeds.  Please properly handle your game Proceeds, if you do not handle them properly before the account is cancelled, it will be deemed that you voluntarily forfeited such game Proceeds;
2.4 The game account has no pending orders, including but not limited to orders for online game virtual currency, virtual items, etc., regarding this game account;
2.5 The game account involves no disputes, such as dispute related to being a complainant or being respondant to a complaint, investigations by the goverment insititution, arbitration, litigation, or any other kind of dispute;
2.6 Other conditions officially announced by Zilong Game.
You may first try to handle the above questions by yourself.  If you are unable to handle the problem or have any doubts during the process, please contact our customer service for assistance.
3. How to cancel the game account?
3.1 You need to refer to the offical cancellation process and operation guidelines and apply for cancellation on the relevant function setting page;
3.2 You have agreed to all of the contents of this Agreement; at the same time, you have reviewed and confirmed that you have met the requirements of Section 2 hereof;
3.3 After you have completed the above Section 3.2, to further protect your relevant legitimate rights and interests, we are entitled to verify whether you have met part or all of the cancellation requirements provided in Section 2 hereof as appropriate.  Our conclusion will be made basing on your account security status and your use of related products and services.  To protect your account security and property rights, we have the right to perform identity verification on the cancellation application to determine that whether you are the authorized user of the game account. If it is found that the game account does not meet the cancellation requirements after the comprehensive review, or the identity verification fails, your cancellation may fail, and you can follow our guidelines or contact our customer service for assistance.  Even if we determined that you have met the cancellation conditions, it is merely a formal examination based on your warranties (i.e. you warrants that the game account has met the above cancellation requirements), and you will be responsible for warranty that the game account has met the above cancellation requirements, and we will not bear corresponding legal liabilities and responsibilities for this.
3.4 After you submit the application on the page and contact customer service to confirm the cancellation, we will provide your account with a 30-day retention period (i.e. the "Cooling-Off Period").  After the cooling-off period expires, we will complete the verification and process your cancellation application within 30 working days.  The specific cancellation process and operation shall be subject to the official announcement of the game.
However, please note that if you use the account to log in and use the game during the application processing period, it will be deemed that you have withdrawn the account cancellation application.  At the same time, you acknowledge and agree that before the personal information under this account being deleted or anonymized, a certain period of time shall be allowed for us to sort out and process these information, so as to protect the legitimate rights and interests for you and other users to the greatest extent.  Hence, there may be some delay in the deletion or anonymization of the above information under this account.
3.5 You acknowledge and agree that during your application for account cancellation, if we need to verify relevant transactions, complaints, or other matters related to your account, or we have other reasonable reasons, we have the right to freeze your application and suspend the cancellation service for you.
4. Miscellaneous
4.1 This agreement is an integral part of Zilong User Agreement ("Main Agreement"), and the Main Agreement shall apply to matters not covered in this Agreement.  In the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement and Main Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail.  At the same time, you acknowlege and agree that even if your account of this game is canceled, it does not reduce or exempt you from the relevant responsibilities or liabilities that you should bear pursuant to relevant laws and regulations, relevant agreements, rules, etc(if applicable).
4.2 This agreement is entered into between parties in Chaoyang District, Beijing, People's Republic of China.
4.3 The execution, enforcement, performance, interpretation, and dispute resolution of this Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the People's Republic of China, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.
4.4 Any dispute hereunder will be privately negotiated in good faith between the parties; if the negotiation fails, you agree to submit the dispute to the Beijing Chaoyang District Court.
4.5 If you have any questions during the account cancellation process that you cannot handle, or you have any doubts during the handling process, you may contact our customer service for assistance.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact [US_GM@zlongame.com], 9/F MW Tower NO.111 Bonham Strand Sheung Wan HK.