PRIVACY POLICY
Introductory provisions
Wunderbook 2.0 (hereinafter “Wunderbook 2.0”, “we” or “us”) treats everything that is related to personal data with respect and integrity. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website, of our services as data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of our company.
It is very important for us to accurately inform the users of this website about our Privacy Policy, so in the following, we provide you with precise information on what kind of data we collect from you, how we use it, for what purpose we use it and what your rights are, in this context.
First, we need to define, and it is important for you to understand, the expression:
“Personal Data”
. It generically represents any kind of information about a physical person, whose particularities can lead, directly or indirectly, to its identification. Here you have, by way of example, but not limited to: name and surname, geographical address, any identification number, political orientation, sexual orientation, email address, any location information and any other online identifier such as the device used to access the Internet, IP address, or cookie information.
With regards of your agreement regarding the collection and use of personal data, we have taken all the necessary technical measures to provide you with this detailed agreement, so you can have a crisp clear experience, from the first to the last interaction with our website or our services.
Visitors and Users agree and accept that the use of our website is not possible without any indication of personal data.
Definitions
Our data protection policy should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as for our Users and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
Company Parties
– Company and its respective past, present and future employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, attorneys, accountants, financial advisors, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns. “Company Party” means one of the foregoing, as the case may be.
Data Subject
– is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is collected and processed by us.
Processing
– is any operation which is performed on personal data, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, etc.
Restriction of processing
– is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
Profiling
– means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person.
Data Controller
– is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body, which determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data;
Processor
– is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
Recipient
– is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed. The processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
Third party
– is a legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the ones above, who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorized to process personal data.
Consent
– is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of data subject’s acceptance to the processing of their personal data.
Service Provider Account
– an account which may be provided to you by Company for the purpose of improving your experience at the Website and use of the Services, as well as obtaining access to specific additional other products, utilities and offerings provided by Company Parties.
Compliance
The processing of personal data will be in line with these main international legislations:
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), applicable in Europe;
California Consumer Privacy Act (2018) and Privacy Act U.S.C. 552a (Privacy Act of USA);
We sell our products and services almost all over the world. For the purpose of avoiding any compliance conflict with any terminology used by any particular legislation, in this document: ”
Users
” are the ”
data subjects
” and Wunderbook 2.0 is the ”
d
ata controller
”.
By this Privacy Policy we clearly explain:
What Personal Data we collect and why we collect it;
How we use Personal Data;
Who we share Personal Data with;
The choices we offer, including how to access, update, and remove Personal Data;
By means of this data protection declaration, our company would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. This document describes the protection of our users and Users personal data.
Wunderbook 2.0 collects, stores, uses and discloses certain information when the visitors use our website. As a data controller, we have implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website.
Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you will not receive direct marketing communications and will limit the publication of your information.
This Policy does not apply to other companies’ or organizations’ sites to which we may link to or may link to us. You should carefully review the privacy policies of those sites in order to determine how they treat your personal information.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please exit, and do not access or use our website.
We have kept this simple for your understanding, but if you’re not familiar with terms like “cookies” or “IP addresses,” feel free to contact us. Your privacy is really important to us, so whether you’re new to Wunderbook 2.0 or a long-time user, please take the time to get to know our practices.
Use Cases
Please take a moment to understand which use case(s) set out in this Privacy Policy apply to you:
Website Visitor
You are a “Website Visitor” by definition when you visit our website
https://wunderbook.app
and any other eventual subdomains associated with our principal domain. As a website visitor, we use your information for our own purposes, primarily for improving the use of our website and to provide you with more relevant content.
User
You become a “User” if you use our app in order to benefit of our services. If you are a User, our primary purpose of using your personal data is for providing the service and the services to you. We may eventually retain your personal information for a limited time and for limited purposes, such as to make it easier for you to re-use our service in the future or to wish you offers for services that we think you may be interested in.
What Personal Data we collect and how do we collect it
In this Section we have set out:
the purposes for which we may process personal data;
the legal bases of the processing.
the general categories of personal data that we may process;
in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from our Users, the source and specific categories of that data;
Purpose off collection
To fulfill our commercial purpose.
Our commercial purpose, by reference to the subject matter of our business, is provision of booking services, and the new rules of personal data protection (GDPR, CCPA, etc.), which are opposed to us, are part of this context.
To improve our services.
We always want to offer you the best online experience and for this we can collect and use certain information about your behavior and preferences when using the website, or we can conduct market research directly or through partners.
To improve your marketing activity
We want to keep you informed about the best offers for the products / services you are interested in. In this sense, we may send you any type of message (such as: email / SMS / phone / mobile push / webpush / etc.) containing general and thematic information about similar or complementary products or services which you may have purchased, information on offers or promotions, as well as other commercial communications.
To defend our legitimate interests
There may be situations in which we use or transmit information to protect our rights and our commercial activity. These situations may include:
measures to protect the website and platform users against cyber-attacks:
measures to prevent and detect fraud attempts;
transmission of information to the competent public authorities;
other risk management measures.
We therefore commit ourselves:
to protect the privacy of your data, which is a top priority for our company management;
to use this data for the sole purpose of providing you with a personalized experience on our website as well as on the online platforms that we promote our products and services (Facebook and Google, etc.).
Information collected directly
Upon creation of account, we will ask for your full name and a valid e-mail address, which will be included in our mailing list, for future maintenance, updates, and eventual marketing promotions. In addition, upon acquisition of a product from us, we will ask you to provide us with secure payment data, which will be used for processing the order. This particular set of data will be legally processed by our payment processor, and will not be stored by us.
We may collect the following types of information from you:
Personal Identification Information
: Full name, date of birth, nationality, gender, signature, utility bills, photographs, phone number, home address, and/or email.
Formal Identification Information
: Government issued identity document such as Passport, Driver’s License, National Identity Card, State ID Card, Tax ID number, passport number, driver’s license details, national identity card details, visa information, and/or any other information deemed necessary to comply with our legal obligations under financial or anti-money laundering laws.
Institutional Information
: Employer Identification number (or comparable number issued by a government), proof of legal formation (e.g. Articles of Incorporation), personal identification information for all material beneficial owners.
Financial Information
: Bank account information, payment card primary account number (PAN), transaction history, trading data, and/or tax identification.
Transaction Information
: Information about the transactions you make on our Services, such as the name of the recipient, your name, the amount, and/or timestamp.
Employment Information
: Office location, job title, and/or description of role.
Correspondence
: Survey responses, information provided to our support team or user research team.
We may process data about your use of our website and services, or the User’s website (“usage data”). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type, and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing the use of the website and services.
We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services (“service data”). The service data may be processed for the purposes of providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you.
We may process information contained in any inquiry you submit to us regarding services and/or services (“inquiry data”). The inquiry data may be processed for the purposes of providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you.
We may process information relating to our User relationships, including User contact information (“User relationship data”). The User relationship data may include your name, your physical address, all your other necessary contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you. The User relationship data may be processed for the purposes of providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you.
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of our products, that you enter into with us and/or through our services (“transaction data”). The transaction data may include your contact details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purposes of providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data”). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you.
“Automatically Collected” Information: The website collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. This general data and information are stored in the server log files, and it is collected regardless of your quality: Website Visitor or User.
Note
: no personal information is collected through the service (plugin) itself. Wunderbook 2.0 only collects purchase codes, website URL, plugin version and WordPress version strictly for providing services.
Collected may be:
the ISP,
the operating system used by the accessing system
the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers)
the sub-website
the date and time of access to the website
an Internet Protocol address (IP address)
screen Resolution
locale Preferences
web page visited before you came to our website
information you search for on our website
date and time stamps associated with transactions
system configuration information and other interactions with the website.
social networking information (if we are provided with access to your account on social network connection services);
any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
All Personal Data that is collected through the use of the website or app is stored on secure servers in the European Union.
When using these general data and information, we do not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to:
deliver the content of our website correctly;
optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement;
ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology;
provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack;
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
Obviously, the access to our website for website visitors is free; however, we inform you that for the use of the website via mobile device the charges and the standard tariffs provided in the service contract that you have stipulated with them will still be applied by the telephone operators.
How we use your personal information
We use the Information that we collect generally to fulfill our services (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).
Additionally, we use the information:
to screen our orders for potential risk or fraud;
when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services;
communicate with you about our Services, including to tell you about products and services that may be of interest to you
respond to your requests, inquiries, comments, and suggestions;
facilitate your engagement with the Services, including to enable you to post comments and reviews;
offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions;
conduct or administer surveys and other market research;
protect against, identify, investigate, and respond to fraud or other illegal activity.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our website (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the website, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Use and Disclosure of personal data to others
We do not rent or sell your information to third parties outside of Wunderbook 2.0 without your consent. We may share your information, as well as information from tools such as cookies or similar, with third-party organizations that help us provide you with the services, but only as far as is reasonably necessary.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests: We may disclose to parties outside Wunderbook 2.0, files stored in our database and personal data about you that we collect when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with a law, regulation or compulsory legal request; or (b) to protect Wunderbook 2.0’s intellectual property rights. If we provide your Files to a law enforcement agency as set forth above, we will remove Wunderbook2.0’s encryption from the files before providing them to law enforcement.
Business Transfers: In case we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personal data may be transferred as part of that transaction, but we will notify you and/or your organization (for example, via email and/or a prominent notice on our website) of any change in control or use of your personal data or Files, or if either become subject to a different Privacy Policy.
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.  For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We can access your information as well as store and share it in response to a request when the law requires us to do so. In addition, we may access your information, as well as store and share it, if we believe in good faith that this is necessary to: detect, prevent and manage fraud and other illegal activities; protect ourselves, you and other people, even in the context of any investigations; prevent events that could cause imminent physical damage or death
Behavioural advertising
As described above, we may use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by visiting the following links depending upon the service(s) you are using:
FACEBOOK – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE – https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING – https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
For information on how our advertising partners allow you to opt out of receiving ads based on your web browsing history, please visit: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:
http://optout.aboutads.info/
.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the Platforms of advertisers and affiliates. The fact that Wunderbook 2.0 links to a websites is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of Wunderbook 2.0 affiliation with that third party. Wunderbook 2.0 does not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on the User’s device, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information from the User. If the User follows a link to any of these third party websites, he does so at his own risk, these Applications have their own privacy policies and he waives any claim against Wunderbook 2.0 for any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Personal Data Breaches
Sub-processor will notify the Controller as soon as possible after it becomes aware of any Personal Data Breach affecting any Personal Data. At the Controller’s request, Sub-processor will promptly provide the Controller with all reasonable assistance necessary to enable the Controller to notify relevant Personal Data Breaches to competent authorities and/or affected Data Subjects, if Controller is required to do so under the Data Protection Law.
Data Subject Requests
If it is the case, sub-processor will provide reasonable assistance, including by appropriate technical and organizational measures and taking into account the nature of the Processing, to enable Controller to respond to any request from Data Subjects seeking to exercise their rights under the Data Protection Law with respect to Personal Data (including access, rectification, restriction, deletion or portability of Personal Data, as applicable), to the extent permitted by the law. If such request is made directly to sub-processor, it will promptly inform Controller and will advise Data Subjects to submit their request to the Controller. The controller shall be solely responsible for responding to any Data Subjects’ requests. The controller shall reimburse sub-processor for any potential costs arising from this assistance.
Privacy of minors
We do not collect or consciously request information from Users under the age of 18, nor do we consciously allow such Users to register with our services, except with parental consent. Our services and their contents are not intended for children under the age of 18.
If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 18 without parental consent, we will delete this information as soon as possible.
If you believe we have any information about a child under the age of 18, please contact us.
Cookies Policy. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which internet pages, servers or apps can be assigned to the specific app or server in which the cookie was stored.
Through the use of cookies, Wunderbook 2.0 can provide the Users of this website with more User-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.
By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our websites can be optimized with the User in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website Users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for Users to utilize our websites. The website’s User that uses cookies e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the websites, and the cookie is thus stored on the User’s computer system.
We may use “session ID cookies” to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of the Application.
Some web browsers may transmit “do-no-track” signals to websites with which the browser communicates.
Our website does not currently respond to these “do-not-track” signals.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential, as they enable you to move around the Site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas. Without these cookies, some services you have asked for, such as payment submission, can’t be provided.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use the website, for example, which pages you go to most often and if you get error messages from certain pages. These cookies don’t gather the information that identifies you. All information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how the Site works.
Functionality cookies
These cookies allow the Site to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you’re in). For instance, the Site uses functionality cookies to remember your language preference. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you’ve made to text size, font and other parts of pages that you can customize, or any kind of form that you left in between or unsubmitted. They may also be used to provide services you’ve asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting cookies
These cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information may be shared with other organizations such as advertisers. This means after you have been to the Site you may see some advertisements about our services elsewhere on the Internet.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the browser or app, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time. If the user or the visitor deactivates the setting of cookies in the browser or app, then not all functions may be entirely usable.
We use automatically collected information and other information collected during the Services through cookies and similar technologies to:
(i)        personalize our Service, such as remembering a User’s or Visitor’s information or login details so that the User or Visitor will not have to re-enter it during a visit or on subsequent accessing;
(ii)       provide customized content and information;
(iii)      monitor and analyze the effectiveness of websites and third-party activities;
(iv)      monitor site usage metrics such as the number of visitors.
Data Quality
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information we have about you is accurate, complete and up to date when we use it. Generally, we rely on you to assist us in keeping your personal information accurate and up to date.
Data Security
We have taken reasonable steps to keep your personal information secure at all times and in accordance with our Information Security Policies.
We also take steps to reasonably protect your personal information from misuse and loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure and maintained in an accurate, complete and up-to-date manner.
Openness
We will be honest and open with you about the type of personal information that we collect about you and the actual use of any such information. We will let you know at the time we collect your personal information, or soon after, how we will treat it.
If you require any details of the personal information held by us about you, then please contact us by e-mail.
Opting out from Communications
If you receive emails from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email or by sending an email to the address provided in the “Contact” section.
Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving emails from us or otherwise modify the nature or frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up to ten (10) business days for us to process your request. Please note that you may still receive administrative messages from us regarding our Services.
Sensitive Information
We do not believe in an intrusive collection of your personal details and will not collect information that is considered highly personal or highly sensitive about you without your prior consent.
Data Retention and Data Deletion
We only retain the personal information collected from a User for as long as the User’s email address is active on our mailing list, or otherwise for a limited period of time as long as we need it to fulfill the purposes for which we have initially collected it, unless otherwise required by law.
In some cases, it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the 2-year criteria, after your relationship with us ends.
We may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Your rights
Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)        the right to access;
(b)       the right to rectification;
(c)        the right to erasure;
(d)       the right to restrict processing;
(e)        the right to object to processing;
(f)        the right to data portability;
(g)       the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)       the right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, considering the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
In some circumstances, you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes, and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
In some circumstances, you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights, and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.
California Privacy Rights
In addition to the rights provided for above, if you are a California resident, you have the right to request information from us regarding whether we share certain categories of your personal information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To the extent we share you personal information in this way, you may receive the following information:
(a) the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year; and
(b) the names and addresses of third parties that received such information, or if the nature of their business cannot be determined from the name, then examples of the products or services marketed.
Effective January 1, 2020, pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights in relation to their personal information, subject to limited exceptions. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this California Privacy Rights section.
For personal information collected by us during the preceding 12 months that is not otherwise subject to an exception, California residents have the right to access and delete their personal information. CB will not discriminate against those who exercise their rights. Specifically, if you exercise your rights, we will not deny you services, charge you different prices for services or provide you a different level or quality of services.
To the extent we sell your personal information to third parties, you also have the right to request that we disclose to you: (i) the categories of your personal information that we sold, and (ii) the categories of third parties to whom your personal information was sold. You have the right to direct us not to sell your personal information.
Wunderbook 2.0 does not sell your personal information in its ordinary course of business and will never sell your personal information to third parties without your explicit consent
.
Should Wunderbook 2.0 engage in any of the activities listed in this section, your ability to exercise these rights will be made available to you in your account settings. You can exercise your rights by going contacting us via email so that we may consider your request.
If you are a California resident, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request to access or a request to delete on your behalf. We will respond to your authorized agent’s request if they submit proof that they are registered with the California Secretary of State to be able to act on your behalf, or submit evidence you have provided them with power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code section 4000 to 4465. We may deny requests from authorized agents who do not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on their behalf, or are unable to verify their identity.
Complaints Resolution
We are committed to providing our Users with a fair and responsive system for handling and resolving complaints concerning the handling of their personal information. You have a right to complain and to have your complaint handled efficiently if you are concerned about our handling of your personal information.
If at any time you wish to lodge a complaint in respect of the handling, use or disclosure of your personal information by us, you may do so by contacting us directly.
We aim to investigate and advise you of the outcome of the complaint promptly.
If you are not satisfied with our handling of your complaint, you may contact the Data Protection Officer at:
info@wunderbook.ie
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our websites.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email, as a website notice or through the private messaging system within our service system.
×
wunderbook.app and 3 selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the
privacy policy
and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
functionality, experience and measurement
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel. Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customise
Reject
Accept
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/46236236/legal?an=no&s_ck=false&newmarkup=yes:
Owner and Data Controller
Colm Morris - 302 Lower Rathmines Road, Rathmines, D06 R3K6
Owner contact email:
info@wunderbook.ie
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      email address; Usage Data; Trackers; number of Users; session statistics.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorised access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorised destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organisational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Contacting the User, Access to third-party accounts, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, Analytics, Displaying content from external platforms and Tag Management.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Facebook permissions asked by this Application
This Application may ask for some Facebook permissions allowing it to perform actions with the User's Facebook account and to retrieve information, including Personal Data, from it. This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook Inc.
For more information about the following permissions, refer to the
Facebook permissions documentation
and to the
Facebook privacy policy
.
The permissions asked are the following:
        Basic information, device information, Email, Trackers and Usage Data.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third-party accounts
This type of service allows this Application to access Data from your account on a third-party service and perform actions with it.
These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorisation by the User.
Facebook account access (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network, provided by Meta Platforms, Inc.
Permissions asked: device information; Email; Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyse web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behaviour.
Google Analytics 4 (Google LLC)
Google Analytics 4 is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
In Google Analytics 4, IP addresses are used at collection time and then discarded before Data is logged in any data center or server. Users can learn more by consulting
Google’s official documentation
.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult their
partner policy
and their
Business Data page
.
Personal Data processed: number of Users; session statistics; Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Contacting the User
Contact form (this Application)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorises this Application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data processed: email address; Usage Data.
Mailing list or newsletter (this Application)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Application. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Application or after making a purchase.
Personal Data processed: email address; Trackers; Usage Data.
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application and interact with them. Such services are often referred to as widgets, which are small elements placed on a website or app. They provide specific information or perform a particular function and often allow for user interaction.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Google Fonts (Google LLC)
Google Fonts is a typeface visualisation service provided by Google LLC that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Google Maps widget (Google LLC)
Google Maps is a maps visualisation service provided by Google LLC that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Application.
The interaction and information obtained through this Application are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on this Application isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile.
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Meta Platforms, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Tag Management
This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on this Application in a centralised fashion.
This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data.
Google Tag Manager (Google LLC)
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult their
partner policy
and their
Business Data page
.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Cookie Policy
This Application uses Trackers. To learn more, Users may consult the
Cookie Policy
.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organisation governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or enquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilised by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilised to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilised by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.