Home
Ticket
Submit a ticket
View Ticket
Knowledgebase
Deutsch
English
Deutsch
English
./
en
en
myPWS
myPWS Support
Knowledgebase
Search the Knowledgebase
Imprint - Privacy
Solution
Deutsche Version
1.) Privacy Policy Website mypws.de
Data protection
The operators or providers of the mypws.de website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal data. As far as on our sides personal data (for example name, address or E-Mail addresses) are raised, this takes place, as far as possible, always on freiwilliger basis. These data will not be disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent.
We point out that the data transmission in the Internet (eg in the communication by E-Mail) can exhibit security gaps. A complete protection of the data from access by third parties is not possible.
Server log files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
Browser type / browser version
used operating system
Referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
These data can not be assigned to specific persons. There is no merge of this data with other data sources. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively, if we become aware of specific indications for illegal use.
Cookies
The internet pages partly use so-called cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies are used to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and stored by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. These cookies allow us to recognize your browser on your next visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and cookies only in individual cases allow, the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally exclude and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Contact form
If you send us inquiries via the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored in order to process the request and in case of follow-up questions. We will not share this information without your consent.
Imprint:
Provider of the mypws.de website:
Totalidea Software GmbH
Am Holzwickeder Bach 13
59439 Holzwickede
Germany
Contact: https://mypws.de/index.php?a=add
Managing Director: Stefan Kuske
VAT number: DE215371796
Register court: Amtsgericht Hamm HRB 10679
Responsible according to §5 TMG / §55 paragraph 2 RfStV:
Stefan Kuske, Totalidea Software GmbH - Address as above.
2.) Privacy Statement myPWS App for iOS
The myPWS iOS app does NOT collect and / or transmit personally identifiable information.
Weather station data
The measured values ​​and sensor data of a PWS (personal weather station) displayed by the myPWS iOS app are downloaded from the wunderground.com data server and are generally publicly available via the API interface provided by Wunderground.com.
The API key required to retrieve the readings from a weather station is not collected or forwarded. To authenticate the data queries from the Wunderground.com data server, the required API key is stored on the terminal.
Troubleshooting
The following data is collected exclusively for occurring program errors (ie in case of crashes of the myatmo app) for error analysis and error correction:
Anonymized device ID
device type
iOS version
Date and time the error occurred
Information about the available memory of the device used
Technical details of the type of problem encountered, ie details of the source code in which an error has occurred
An identification of the user is not possible by this data. No personal data will be collected or transmitted.
Usage analysis
myPWS collects the following data for the usage analysis of the app and for the implementation of future functions for purely statistical reasons:
Anonymized device ID
Version number of the myPWS iOS app
Date and time of last use of the app
Number of myPWS users and myPWS sessions
Operating systems
Device models
Region
First launches of the myatmo app
myPWS app executions including date and time
myPWS app updates
myPWS in-app purchases
General device information such as model, operating system, and orientation
RAM and drive size
CPU usage
Mobile service providers based on the country and network code of the mobile device
Radio / network information (eg WLAN, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on the IP address)
Language
Signal strength
Jailbroken or rooting status of the device
Battery and charging status
myPWS app version
myPWS app foreground or background status
Pseudonym myPWS App Instance ID
Network URLs (without URL parameters or payload content) and the following data:
Response codes (eg 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
Duration of automatic traces
An identification of the user is not possible by this data. No personal data will be collected or transmitted.
The unique 'advertising identifier' available on iOS is NOT used by mPWS. Therefore, a unique identification of the user is not possible.
Provider of the myPWS iOS app:
Totalidea Software GmbH
Am Holzwickeder Bach 13
59439 Holzwickede
Germany
Contact: https://mypws.de/index.php?a=add
Managing Director: Stefan Kuske
VAT number: DE215371796
Register court: Amtsgericht Hamm HRB 10679
Responsible according to §5 TMG / §55 paragraph 2 RfStV:
Stefan Kuske, Totalidea Software GmbH - Address as above.
Article details
Article ID: 4
Category:
Englisch
Related articles
Impressum - Datenschutzerklärung
myPWS shows incomplete, incorrect or outdated data - why?
What can I do if WU does not return data for myPWS?
(C) 2022 Totalidea Software GmbH -
Imprint - Privacy