Privacy Policy
Whilst visiting the Yellow Avatar app we collect various  pieces of information from you to help us provide a better service in the future.
When ordering or registering on our app, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: e-mail address. You may, however, visit our app anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
- To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
- To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
- To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our app, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our app. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Spanish Data Protection and Digital Rights Act
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the Spanish Data Protection and Digital Rights Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our app and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our app, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this app.