You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 12/12/2019
The app ('app' in this Privacy Policy constitutes the iOS/Android application 'Spin the Wheel - Random Picker' and the website 'SpinTheWheel.app') is an Ad Supported application. This SERVICE is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at SpinTheWheel.app unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Advertising ID, unique device identifier and your IP address. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Links to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Log & Analytic Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your device called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device IP address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. Certain anonymous analytical data will also be collected to provide better optimized experience for app users.
Cookies Policy
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
The app does not use cookies explicitly. However, third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to this website or other websites. Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads based on user's visit to this sites and/or other sites on the Internet. You have the option to disable cookies in your browser. If you choose to refuse cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
You may also find information related to personalized advertising or opt out of personalized advertising by visiting
Ads Settings
.
Links to other third-party vendors and ad networks, which may also use cookies to serve ads on this website:
(click to expand)
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Previous versions:
Privacy Policy 12/12/2019
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://spinthewheel.app/documents/PrivacyPolicy_2019-12-12.pdf:
