Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 23 May 2022.
Bitdreams OÜ built the Tangerine app as a Freemium app. This Service is provided by Bitdreams OÜ at no cost (unless you subscribe to a Premium plan) and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Use, which is accessible at Tangerine unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Collection of your Information
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Registration Information
When you register for an account with Tangerine, we collect the personal information that you voluntarily provide us with, except for your password.
Derivative Data and Uploaded Media
Information our servers automatically collect when you access the App, such as your native actions that are integral to the App, actions taken when creating entries/completing habits, editing entries/habits and uploading media to the App. As such, we may also request access to your device’s photo roll or camera in order for us to upload your media to the App. Any media uploaded in this fashion, will be collected and stored on our servers. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Geo-Location Information
We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using the App, to provide location-based services. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Access
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s reminders, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Data
Device information such as your mobile device ID number, model, and manufacturer, version of your operating system, phone number, country, location, and any other data you choose to provide.
Health Data
We allow users to automatically track their health-related habits such as walking/running distance, cycling, flights climbed, etc., for tracking convenience and better health management. To do so, we collect health-related activities from Apple Health (HealthKit). In order to collect that data, users need to explicitly give Tangerine permission (in-app, when prompted). We do not collect any specific measurements that can be used to identify a user from their health statistics.
Health data will only be used to provide health, motion and/or fitness services in connection with the App. Health data will not be used for marketing, advertising or use-based data mining, including by third parties. All collected Health data will be deleted if the user chooses to delete their Tangerine account.
Push Notifications
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the App. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
Third-Party Service Providers
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you, and here you can find a link to the privacy policies of such third party service providers used by the app:
-
RevenueCat
-
Bugsnag
-
Instabug
-
Telemetrydeck
Use of Your Information
Having accurate information about you allows us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the App to:
- Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits to the App more personalized.
- Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the App.
- Notify you of updates to the App or Site.
- Request feedback and contact you about your use of the App.
- To improve our website and product (we continually strive to improve Tangerine and the website based on your feedback)
- We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the App we collect data and information on your device called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
More Information on Service Providers
Third-party service providers are used for the following reasons:
- To facilitate our Service;
- To provide the Service on our behalf;
- To perform Service-related services; or
- To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
hi@bitdreams.co
.
The all-in-one self-care app
Twitter
Contact
Privacy
Terms
© 2020 Bitdreams OÜ. All rights reserved.
Made with 🍊 around the world