Privacy Policy
Athena FZE provides this Privacy Policy to explain how it collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Athena FZE’s software applications, and websites (collectively, “services”). Athena FZE respects the privacy of their users and is committed to protecting the user’s information. You have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you use our services.
This privacy policy is effective as of October 1, 2018.
The types of information we collect and how we collect it
Personal Information
Athena FZE collects the advertising identifier (Apple’s IDFA and Google’s advertiser ID), and a unique identifier for each user in our mobile games.
Athena FZE integrates many third party SDKs in to our services. These SDKs are used for advertising to our users, analyze service usage, enabling in-app purchases, or providing game services like achievements and leaderboards. We allow third party operators this collected solely for internal operations of the service as permitted by applicable rules and laws. This could include, but is not limited to, persistent advertising identifiers, geolocation information, and IP address. We encourage you to review the policies of the third party operators listed below.
Should a user explicitly provide it to us when prompted, we will collect email addresses of our users for our mailing list(s).
Some of our services require or allow a user to provide a screen name so they can be identified within the service.
Non-personal Information
We allow third parties to collect some anonymous information by which users cannot be identified. Non-personal information may include technical information about your device, such as your browser type, screen resolution, device type, language, type of operating system and geo location (only general location). Non-personal information is gathered by third party services while you are accessing the service. They are allowed to use this information to conduct research and analysis, but only for strictly limited purposes. We encourage you to review the policies of the third party operators listed below.
Internally, Athena FZE also reserves the right to collect anonymous information for research and analysis. This information is generic in nature and cannot be used to individually identify a user. This information is collected each time a user runs one of our services.
Service Specific Information
Some Athena FZE services allow users to send messages to each other while playing a game. These messages are then transmitted and store on Athena FZE controlled servers.
In order to support some services, Athena FZE may collect identifiers associated with a user’s account on social networks like Facebook or Twitter, or game services like Apple Game Center, Google Play Game Services, or Amazon Game Circle.
Additionally, we may also use a user’s profile picture from social networks or game services, but this will stay on the device and will not be transmitted to us.
What we do with the personal information we collect
Advertisers collect data regarding advertisement performance, user’s interaction with ads, our apps and user’s interests. Collected data may include user’s personal information in order to serve users ads and for the third parties’ legitimate business interests.
Athena FZE collects persistent identifiers in order to provide support for our services to our users. Additionally, Athena FZE uses persistent identifiers to send promotions regarding new products or updates to our users. If we keep track of persistent advertising identifiers, it allows us to only notify these users about new products that they will actually be interested in. We collect email addresses in many of our services so that we can notify interested users of upcoming releases and updates of our products and services. These emails always include a way to unsubscribe from receiving future emails. When a service asks for a username, it is used to visually identify that user to other users playing the game. Athena FZE prohibits any user under the age of 13 from providing individually identifiable information in their username or screen name. This includes, but is not limited to the user’s first name, last name, email address, and physical address.
What we do with the non-personal information we collect
Third party operators are allowed to collect and use non-personal information to conduct research and analysis, or to target advertisements, or other limited purposes. This information cannot be user to individually identify any user. We encourage you to review the policies of the third party operators listed below.
Similarly, Athena FZE also uses non-personal information to conduct research and analysis. We do this to improve our services in future updates or to gain knowledge about how our users our interacting with the service.
What we do with service specific information we collect
Each of our games that allow messaging other users provide an option for joining or creating publicly visible worlds/matches, or for playing only against other users known to the current user. Athena FZE prohibits any user under the age of 13 from joining or creating publicly visible worlds/matches in these services. Additionally, Athena FZE prohibits any user under the age of 13 from sharing personal or individually identifiable information while using the messaging functionality in these services.
If Athena FZE collects identifiers associated with a user’s account on social networks like Facebook or Twitter, or game services like Apple Game Center, Google Play Game Services, or Amazon Game Circle, then it is explicitly required for some feature in that service. For example, the identifier could be saved so that a user’s connections on the social network can see their high score or progress in the game. As stated elsewhere in this policy, you can contact us to have this information deleted for yourself or your child under the age of 13.
Children
We understand the importance of protecting the privacy and safety of children using our services, as outlined by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under 13.
When we determine that a service is directed and children under the age of 13, we will configure all of our internal systems such that no personal information will be collected, and configure all relevant third-party integrations appropriately such that no personal information will be collected for users of that service. For additional information, please refer to the privacy policies of our third party operators to understand what they are doing to further protect your child’s privacy.
Services that are determined to be targeted at children will still receive advertisements from our third-party operators, and promotions from Athena FZE using its internal systems. In this case the ads and promotions will not be targeted at specifically for users, but will be broadcast to all users of the service.
If you are a parent of a child under 13 years of age and you believe your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us using the information below and we will delete the information from our systems.
Disclosure of Personal information
The scenarios in which we will share your personal data are as follows:
We determine that it is required by law;
We have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property;
We are participating in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets;
We have your consent; and
As described above in relation third-party operators collecting information from our services.
Under no other circumstances will Athena FZE share, sell, rent, or release your data.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards and internal procedures to protect personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
Third-party Operators
Advertising Networks: Athena FZE allows advertisements from the Third Party ad networks to be displayed in our services. Athena FZE makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the third party ad networks are configured to comply with applicable privacy laws, and we reasonably believe this to be the case for each of them. Additionally, if we determine a service to be directed at children under the age of 13, we configure each of these ad networks to be compliant with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA).
In-App Purchases: In order to make an in-app purchases, a user must use a third party checkout options that we have integrated with our services to finalize and pay for their order. The third party operator’s privacy policy and security practices will apply to this process a user’s information. We encourage you to read that privacy statement before providing your information.
Social Networks: Some of our services integrate a third-party social network such as Facebook or Twitter to allow sharing progress with friends, or allowing them to be invited to use our service. The privacy policy of each social network will indicate what data is available to us and how we use it.
Game Services: Many of our services integrate either Apple Game Center, Google Play Game Services, or Amazon Game Circle. Each of these third-party operators offer their own privacy policy (listed below), and we encourage you to review them.
The following is a list of the third party operators we currently use in our services, their contact information, and links to their privacy policies:
Apple, iAd, Game Center
http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/contact/
http://www.apple.com/privacy/privacy-policy/
AdColony
Attn: Privacy Officer
11400 W. Olympic Blvd., 12th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90064
privacy@adcolony.com
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AppLovin Corporation
849 High St.
Palo Alto, CA 94301
care@applovin.com
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Chartboost
420 Taylor Street
San Francisco, California 94102
privacy@chartboost.com
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Facebook, Inc.
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/861937627253138
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Flurry
Yahoo! Inc.
Customer Care – Privacy Policy Issues
701 First Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94089
privacy@flurry.com
https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Google Play, AdMob, Google Play Game Services, Google Anayltics, Firebase Analytics
https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/2990837?hl=en
https://play.google.com/about/play-terms.html
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
UnityAds
Unity Technologies
795 Folsom Street
San Francisco, California 94107
privacy@unity3d.com
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
185 Clara Street,
San Francisco, CA 94107
marketing@vungle.com
http://vungle.com/privacy/
Appsflyer
100 1st Street, 25th floor,
San Francisco, California 94105
dpo@appsflyer.com
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will periodically update this privacy policy to reflect changes in our information practices, and to add additional third party operators. Please check back regularly, as your continued use of our services indicate your acceptance of any changes to this policy.
Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us via email at
support@athena.studio
​
​
Woody™ Battle - Online Multiplayer Block Puzzle Team
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.apple.com%2Flegal%2Fprivacy%2Fen-ww%2Fcontact%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNG_LLcMSuo-pBg8DEQnkRjCuXoE7w:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/contact/
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls