Welcome to OlderD.
INTRODUCTION
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") governs the data collection practices by
OlderD.com
(“Company”, “us”, “we” and “
our
”) while you use our dating mobile app, known as “
OlderD
” developed and owned solely by us (“App” or “
OlderD
”). The App provides you with a unique dating platform that enables you to search and potentially find your dating match based on your personal preferences. The App also includes features that enable you to chat, communicate, and interact with your potential dating partner (all collectively, the “Service(s)”.
This Privacy Policy provides important and transparent disclosures on how or why we collect, share and use our users’ data. The Company respects your privacy and is committed to protect the privacy of its users (“user(s)” or “you”).
This Privacy Policy is an integrated part of the Company's Terms of Service and is a legally binding agreement between the user and the Company. The Privacy Policy and Terms of Service shall be binding upon any user using or attempting to use the App or our unique dating Services as defined and detailed in our Terms of Service, including any portion thereof. Definitions herein shall have the same meaning as defined in the Terms of Service.
ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS: BY USING THE APP OR SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW) YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. ANY USE OR CONTINUED USE OF THE APP CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT AND CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS, DOWNLOAD OR USE THE APP OR SERVICES.
We reserve the right to periodically amend or revise the Privacy Policy at our sole discretion; such changes will be effective immediately upon the display of the revised Privacy Policy. The last revision date will be reflected in the "Last Modified" heading. Your continued use of the App, following the notification of such amendments constitutes your acknowledgement and consent of such amendments to the Privacy Policy and your agreement to be bound by the terms of such amendments. In the event of material changes that will affect your use of the App or Service or the data collection by us, we will make best efforts to provide you with notifications through the App or by email.
In order to protect your privacy and make sure you understand exactly what information may be collected about you, we have set up this Privacy Policy.
In our Privacy Policy you will learn about:
What type of information we collect?
How we collect your information?
How we use the information we collect?
With whom we share the information, and for what purpose?
For how long we retain the information we collect?
Children's information
How do we safeguard your information?
Updates or amendments to the Privacy Policy
How to contact us
WHAT TYPE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
We may collect two types of information from our users. The first type of information is un-identified and non-identifiable information pertaining to a user, which may be made available or gathered via the users’ use of the App (“
Non-Personal Information
”). We are not aware of the identity of the user from which the Non-Personal Information was collected.
Non-Personal Information which is being collected may include your aggregated usage information and technical information transmitted by your device, including certain software and hardware information, as follows: Mobile Device ID and type of device, IP addresses, language preference, your mobile device geographic location solely when you are actively using the App, the time and date you access the App or use the Services, etc.).
The second type of information is individually identifiable information, namely information that identifies an individual or may with reasonable effort identify an individual (“Personal Information”). The Personal Information we collect on or through our App and Service includes the following:
Registration: In order to register to the Service, you will be asked to sign up and build a profile.
Sign up: When you sign up we will collect you name, gender, orientation, email address, date of birth and ask you to create a password. You can also sign up using your Facebook login, if you do so, you authorize us to access certain Facebook account information, such as your public Facebook profile (consistent with your privacy settings in Facebook), your gender, email address, date of birth, interests, likes, education history, relationship interests, current city, photos, personal description, friends list, etc.
Create a Profile: when you create a profile we will ask you to upload profile pictures (which can be uploaded manually by you or provided through your Facebook account). In addition, we will ask you to provide us with your gender, date of birth, and a biography about yourself. Further, to ensure we are able to provide you with the best dating match we will ask you some personal questions, such as your status, sexual preference as well as your preference for dating recommendations (i.e., age range, gender, etc.), hobbies and interests, etc. (
“Profile”). You may, at any time, modify, delete or add to any of the details you provided when creating your Profile as well as any of the pictures uploaded by you as mentioned herein.
Usage of the Service: while you use the Service you might voluntarily provide us and other users with additional data which may include your telephone number, if you communicate with others, by using our chat platform, you will provide us (and the user you chat with) the content of your chats. We provide areas on our Service where you can post information about yourself (i.e., status, comments, etc.), such postings are governed by our Terms of Service and the User Generated Content provisions below. Also, whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable pages, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information, please review our recommendation on how to secure your information available in our Community Guidelines.
Contact Us: if you voluntarily contact us, you might provide us with your contact information such as your telephone number, address, email, etc. we will use this information solely to respond to your request and support your needs.
Sharing with Friends: if you decide to share our app with others we may ask to access your contact information, this data will not be collected or transferred to our servers.
HOW DO WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We collect your information once you access, register or use the Service.
We will use the information to provide you with the Service, enable you to create an account and profile, and deliver and manage our App and Service. We may also use the data to keep you informed with updates and respond to users’ requests and needs more efficiently. In addition, we will also use the data to constantly improve and customize our App and Service to your needs and interests.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE THE INFORMATION, AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE?
We do not share any Personal Information collected from you with third parties or any of our partners except in the following events:
Third Party Partners- share your Personal Information with third parties that perform services on our behalf (e.g. customer service, marketing assistance, tracking, servers, service functionality and support, etc.) these third parties may be located in different jurisdictions;
Law Requirement- we will share your information, solely to the extent needed to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request (i.e., to comply with courts injunction, Federal Trade Commission's (
“
FTC
”) requirements, etc.);
Policy Enforcement- we will share your information, solely to the extent needed to enforce our policies (including our policies and agreements) including investigations of potential violations thereof or to detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues;
Company
’s Rights- we will share your information, solely to the extent needed to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims;
Third Party Rights- we will share your information, solely to the extent needed to prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party or for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights.
Corporate Transaction- We may share Personal Information, in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g. sale of a substantial part of our business, merger, consolidation or asset sale). In the event of the above, our affiliated companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.
If we combine Personal Information with Non-Personal Information, the combined information will be treated as Personal Information for as long as it remains combined.
We may store Non-Personal and Personal Information on our servers or our cloud servers, use or share Non-Personal Information in any of the above circumstances, as well as for the purpose of providing and improving our App and Service, aggregate statistics, marketing and conduct business and marketing analysis, and enhance your experience with the App.
FOR HOW LONG WE RETAIN THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion. We value your privacy and control over your Personal Information, and therefore you may, at any time, change, update or remove your Personal Information by accessing the “settings” within your profile account or by contacting us.
Please note that unless you decide to delete your account or any part thereof, or instruct us otherwise, we retain the information we collect for as long as needed to provide the Service and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Once you delete your account you will not be able to recover it and will have to register again with a new account in case you choose to use the Service. Nonetheless, if you wish your Profile not to be seen by other users, you may at any time choose to disable the discovery option (“Profile Discovery”). By doing so, your Profile will be invisible to other users and you will only be able to view other Profiles and continue with correspondences that began prior to your Profile Discovery. You may disable your Profile Discovery at any time.
In addition, the data we receive depends on your privacy settings with the social network (i.e., Facebook) and you should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our App.
HOW DO WE SAFEGUARD AND TRANSFER YOUR INFORMATION?
We take great care in implementing and maintaining the security of the App and your information. We employ industry standard procedures and policies to ensure the safety of our users’ information, and prevent unauthorized use of any such information. Although we take reasonable steps to safeguard information, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access or abuse our App, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will prevent such access. We may adopt what we believe is appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access to such data.
If you feel that your privacy was treated not in accordance with our policy, or if any person attempted to abuse our App or acted in an inappropriate manner, please contact us directly.
You should also handle your Personal Information and control the disclosure of personal information with other users, we recommend you avoid sending personal information through insecure email or our chats. Please refer to our guidelines for information on how to protect your data and the Federal Trade Commission's (“
FTC
”) guidelines available here for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft.
USING THE SERVICE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
Our servers are located in the United States and therefore you are hereby aware that by accessing the App or using the Services from outside the United States, your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States.
MINORS
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important to us. Therefore, The Apps are not designated to users under the age of 18 and the Company does not knowingly collect or maintain information from Users who it positively knows are under the age of 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us. In the event that we become aware that a user under the age of 18 has shared any information, we will discard such information.
USER GENERATED CONTENT
User generated content ("UGC"), refers to a wide variety of content that is produced by you and other users, as opposed to content made by us. By exchanging, providing or uploading UGC, you grant us permission in respect of the use, storage and processing of any of your personal data that are contained therein (e.g., comments, status, biography etc.). You should be fully aware that any content you upload, including any image or personal data of third parties that are contained in your UGC are subject to data protection, intellectual property and other legislation and regulation and you are fully responsible for compliance with these laws and regulations. We require that you exercise due care when exchanging personal data of others as part of UGC or any information thereof. You acknowledge that the company might monitor the UGC and may remove any part thereof at its sole discretion. Nonetheless, the Company has no obligation to monitor the UCG and the responsibility and liability with respect to the UCG and its compliance with the law is obliged on you.
The UGC (including photos and other graphic content) is kept and available on our servers and locally on your device. The UGC can be deleted at any time through your device or through our cloud (solely upon providing us with a written request). You should be fully aware that all UGC is collected and stored in our servers and will be available for other users to see, therefore we recommend you not to include personal information in the UGC you upload.
THIRD PARTY COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals whom we do not employ or manage, including any of the third parties to which we may disclose information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information, including personal information. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third party services that you choose to use or interact with.
CONTACT US
If you have any general questions about the App or the information that we collect about you and how we use it, please contact us.