Privacy Policy
1. Who Are we?
1.1 This privacy policy applies to all personal information processing activities carried out by Money Jar.
1.2 Money Jar is a public limited company whose registered office is: 15 Herbert Street, Dublin 2, Co. Dublin, Ireland, D02 HR63.
1.3 Money Jar respects individuals’ rights to privacy and to the protection of personal information. “Personal Information” means information about a living individual who can be identified from that information (either by itself or when combined with other information). We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, by communicating such changes to you and publishing the updated Privacy Policy on our website
https://moneyjar.world/privacy-policy?new=yes
.
1.4 Please take time to familiarise yourself with the policy and the purpose for which we process your information and your rights to control how we process it.
2. What information do we process?
2.1 We collect and process personal information and information that we gather from the technology which you use to access our services at the start and for the duration of your relationship with us (subject to the appropriate retention periods as set out in section 10). We will limit the collection and processing of information to the information necessary to achieve one or more legitimate purposes as identified in the policy. 

2.2 We will use your data to manage your registration as a user, maintain and execute contracted services, verify your identity, fight against fraud, answer queries and to send you personalised communications with your consent.
2.3 It is important that you know exactly what we do with the personal information you and others make available to us, why we collect it and what it means for you. This document outlines the Money Jar approach to Data Privacy to fulfil our obligations under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018, as implemented on the 25th of May 2018.
The personal data we collect from you is:
a)First Name and Surname (with title)
b) Date of birth
c) Email
d) Proof of address documents
e) ID Documents
f) Other personal information such as telephone recordings; security questions, user ID
g) Address
h) Gender
i) Payment card details
j) Bank Account details
k) Telephone number
l) Transactional information
m) CCTV footage where you visit our offices
Information collected from your use of the Money Jar App:
a) Internet protocol (IP) address
b) Login information
c) Browser type and version
d) Language used
e) Operating system
f) Money Jar app usage
g) Device or other ID’s
h) Crash logs
i) Your location
j) Responses to particular adverts or messages
k) Delivery and log when emails are opened and the links in them clicked
2.4 Where permitted by law, we may process information for specific and limited activities to prevent and detect crime and to comply with laws relating to money laundering, fraud, terrorist financing, bribery and corruption, and international sanctions. It may involve investigating and gathering intelligence on suspected crimes, fraud and sharing data with law enforcement and regulatory bodies.
3. What purpose will the personal data be used for?
3.1 Providing prepaid card services to you as per our contractual obligations.
3.2 To manage your registration as a user in the Money Jar App.
3.3 Providing e-wallet services to you.
3.4 Providing IBAN Account services to you.
3.5. Processing your account information.
3.6 To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations for the prevention of fraud, money laundering, counter terrorist financing or misuse of services.
3.7 Verifying your identity.
3.8 Contacting you regarding our services and security.
3.9 Where requested by law enforcement for investigation of crime.
3.10 To notify you of changes to the service we provide.
3.11 For the management of queries, complaints or claims.
3.12 To manage your participation in satisfaction surveys.
3.13 For network and information security in order for us to take steps to protect your information against loss or damage, theft or unauthorised access.
3.14 For Card authorisation and authentication service providers.
4. Your rights
4.1 We want to make sure you are aware of your rights in relation to the personal information we process about you. We have described those rights in the table below.
4.2 If you wish to exercise any of these rights, or if you have any queries about how we use your personal information which is not answered please contact us at
compliance@moneyjar.ie
. Please note in some cases, if you do not agree with the way we process your information, it may not be possible for us to continue to operate your account and/or provide certain products and services to you.
4.3 If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer please contact us at
compliance@moneyjar.ie
.
4.4 By using the Money Jar website and downloading the Money Jar application your data will be processed as per this privacy policy. Where we share your data with third parties, we will explicitly ask you for your consent before doing so, except as determined under Clause 7.1 of this privacy policy.
Access
– You have a right to get access to the personal information we hold about you.
To get access to your information we need you to submit a Subject Access request form (Check what is needed)
Rectification
– You have the right to rectification of inaccurate personal information and to update incomplete personal information
If you believe that any of the information that we hold about you is inaccurate, you have a right to request that we restrict the processing of that information and to rectify the inaccurate personal information. Please note that if you request us to restrict processing your information, we may have to suspend the operation of your account and/or the products and services we provide to you.
Forgotten
– You have the right to request that we delete your personal information
You may request that we delete your personal information if you believe that:
- we no longer need to process your information for the purposes for which it was provided;
- we have requested your permission to process your personal information and you wish to withdraw your consent; or
- we are not using your information in a lawful manner.
Please note that the right to erasure is subject to certain exemptions, and if you request us to delete your information, we may have to suspend the operation of your account and/or the products and services we provide to you.
Account closing information:
Main method:
- Logon to your account via the Money Jar app
- Transfer out any available funds
- Go to Account Status located in the menu
- Tap "CLOSE ACCOUNT"
- Your account will close with immediate effect
Alternative Method 1:
- Logon to your account via the app
- Go to Customer Support located in the menu
- Have Proof of Identity at hand
- Request that Customer Support close your account - Your account will close when Customer Support have verified your identity
Alternative Method 2:
- Open a web browser on any Internet connected device 
- Navigate to our Contact Us page
(https://moneyjar.world/contact
)
- Have Proof of Identity at hand
- Select "Other" in "Reason for Contacting"
- Request that Customer Support close your account - Your account will close when Customer Support have verified your identity
Data Retention:
- See paragraph 10.
Restriction
- You have a right to request us to restrict the processing of your personal information.
You may request us to restrict processing your personal information if you believe that:
- any of the information that we hold about you is inaccurate;
- we no longer need to process your information for the purposes for which it was provided, but you require the information to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
- we are not using your information in a lawful manner.
Please note that right to restriction is subject to certain exemptions, and if you request us to restrict processing your information, we may have to suspend the operation of your account and/or the products and services we provide to you.
Portability
– You have a right to data portability.
Where we have requested your permission to process your personal information or you have provided us with information for the purposes of entering into a contract with us, you have a right to receive the personal information you provided to us in a portable format (subject to certain exemptions).
You may also request us to provide it directly to a third party, if technically feasible. We’re not responsible for any such third party’s use of your account information, which will be governed by their agreement with you and any privacy statement they provide to you. If you would like to request the personal information you provided to us in a portable format, please write to or contact us at:
compliance@moneyjar.ie
Objection
– You have a right to object to the processing of your personal information.
You have a right to object to us processing your personal information (and to request us to restrict processing) for the purposes described below, unless we can demonstrate compelling and legitimate grounds for the processing, which may override your own interests or where we need to process your information to investigate and protect us or others from legal claims. Depending on the circumstances, we may need to restrict or cease processing your personal information altogether, or, where requested, delete your information. Please note that your right to object to our processing is subject to certain exemptions, and if you object to us processing your information, we may have to suspend the operation of your account and/or the products and services we provide to you.
Legitimate Grounds: 
- We may process your information in the day to day running of our business and to protect our customers, employees and property.
- Ensuring business continuity and disaster recovery and responding to incidents and emergencies.
- Ensuring information security, prevention of cyber-attacks, monitoring and preventing unauthorised access, prevention or detection of crime and protection of your personal data.
- Performing general, financial and regulatory accounting and reporting.
- Identify new business opportunities.
- Assess the quality of our customer services and to provide staff training. Calls to our customer service center may be recorded and monitored for these purposes.
- Perform analysis on customer complaints for the purpose of preventing errors and process failures.
- To manage risk and to determine what products and services we can offer and the terms of those products and services.
- Carry out checks (in addition to statutory requirements) on customers and potential customers, business partners and associated persons, including performing adverse media checks, screening against external databases and sanctions lists and establishing connections to politically exposed persons.
Marketing
– You have a right to object to direct marketing
You have a right to object at any time to processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes, including profiling you for the purposes of direct marketing. For more information see Marketing Information – Section 9.
Withdraw consent
– You have a right to withdraw your consent.
Where we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have a right to withdraw your consent at any time. We will always make it clear where we need your consent to undertake specific processing activities. Money Jar are obliged to retain data concerning financial transactions for 6 years in accordance with national law for the purpose of preventing, detecting and investigating, possible money laundering or terrorist financing.
Lodge complaints
– You have a right to lodge a complaint with us
If you wish to raise a complaint in relation to how we handled your personal information, please contact us in any of the following ways:
In writing – Address your letter to: Customer Care, 15 Herbert Street, Dublín 2, Co. Dublín, Irlanda, D02 HR63.

By Email:
compliance@moneyjar.ie
5. Changes to the way we use your information
5.1 From time to time we may need to change the way we use your information. Where we believe you may not reasonably expect such a change we will notify you and will allow a period of at least 30 days for you to raise any objections before the change is made. However, please note that in some cases, if you do not agree to such changes it may not be possible for us to continue to operate your account and/or provide certain products and services to you.
6. Data Security
6.1 Protecting the privacy and personal data of our users is very important to Money Jar. We have security processes and procedures in place to ensure data confidentiality, integrity, availability and authenticity. We provide a secure service and have the necessary controls to protect your data. We do not store any sensitive payment card data, where applicable card data is tokenized with our card authorization and authentication providers and can be used only when authorized by you.
6.2 We verify your login by asking you for information which only you should know.
6.3 Our registration process uses SMS to confirm who we are dealing with. So only you can use the app from your mobile phone.
6.4 Our mobile app also has biometric security enabled, so logging in can be even more secure though Apple’s Touch ID or Android Fingerprint.
6.5 We are GDPR compliant, so the information you provide to us follows Irish regulations.
6.6 Payments are analysed for irregularities.
6.7 We encrypt data.
6.8 We temporarily disable access if too many unsuccessful attempts have been made to log into the App to prevent unauthorised access to your account.
6.9 We regularly test our security systems. Systems are monitored and protected from sophisticated attacks such as DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service).
6.10 We use Amazon AWS infrastructure to host our cloud services.
6.11 We backup data, so in the event of an emergency we can recover the data.
6.12 We will never sell your personal data.
7. Sharing with third parties
7.1 We will not share your information with anyone outside of Money Jar except:
a) Where we have your permission.
b) Where required for your product of service e.g. IPS.
c) Where required for a proposed or actual sale, where such data is shared with a third party it is done so under strict duties of confidentiality.
d) Where we are required by law and law enforcement agencies, judicial bodies, government entities, tax authorities or regulatory bodies around the world.
e) Where we are required in order to comply with the United States of America FATCA (Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act) and/or the CRS (Common Reporting Standard).
f) With banks and third parties where required by law to help recover funds that have entered your account as a result of a misdirected payment by such a third party.
g) With third parties providing services to us, such as the companies which produce payment cards.
h) With banks and third parties to help trace funds where you are a victim of suspected financial crime and you have agreed for us to do so, or where we suspect funds have entered your account as a result of a financial crime.
7.2 Money Jar is a registered distributor of and IPS Solutions Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus with registration number HE346719 and with registered office at 73 Metochiou 2407 Nicosia, Cyprus (hereinafter – “IPS”), which are authorized and regulated e-money issuer. For the provision of card services this means IPS is the controller of your data and Money Jar is the data processor. IPS is authorised by the Central Bank of Cyprus (CBC) to issue electronic money and also to provide payment services; the registration number issued by the CBC to IPS is 115.1.3.28. IPS provide their own label and white label e-money financial solutions, including e-wallets, prepaid cards, and current accounts.
8. International Data Transfer
8.1 In limited situations where Money Jar stores or transfers personal information outside the EEA or the EU, robust procedures and safeguarding measures apply to secure, encrypt and maintain the integrity of the data. Money Jar will perform due diligence checks with all recipients of personal data to assess and verify that they have appropriate safeguards in place to protect the information. Money Jar undertakes that it shall not transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA or the EU in full compliance with Article 46 of the GDPR, and shall not transfer data outside of the EEA or EU unless the following conditions are fulfilled:
8.2 The data subject has enforceable rights and effective legal remedies;
8.3 Money Jar shall comply with its obligations under the Data Protection Legislation by providing an adequate level of protection to any Personal Data that is transferred (or, if it is not so bound, uses its best endeavours to assist the Customer in meeting its obligations);
8.4 Money Jar complies with any reasonable instructions notified to it in advance with respect to the processing of the Personal Data; and
8.5 Upon written direction shall delete or return Personal Data (and any copies of it) unless Money Jar is required by Law to retain the Personal Data.
9. Marketing Information
9.1 Subject to the preferences you have indicated to us, we will send you relevant marketing information by mail, phone, email, text, in App and other forms of electronic communication. If you change your mind about how you would like us to contact you or you no longer wish to receive this information you can update your Account Permissions in the Money Jar App.
10. Retention Period
10.1 By providing you with products or services, we create records that contain your information, such as customer account records. Records can be held on a variety of media (physical or electronic) and formats.
10.2 We manage our records to help us to service our customers well (for example for operational reasons, such as dealing with any queries relating to your account) and to comply with legal and regulatory requirements and to keep evidence of our business activities.
10.3 Retention periods for records are determined based on the type of record, the nature of the activity, product or service and the legal and regulatory requirements.
10.4 We may on exception retain your information for longer periods, particularly where we need to withhold destruction or disposal based on an order from the courts or an investigation by law enforcement agencies or regulators.
10.5 In general, Money Jar will process personal data for the duration of the contract for services and will store the personal data for six (6) years after that date of termination of the contract.