Privacy Policy
2020-03-01
About Our Privacy Policy
Hello! Welcome to the Lithium Lab Pte LTD (EWA Kids) Privacy Policy.
EWA Kids (owned and operated by Lithium Lab Pte LTD) is committed to protecting your privacy. While our apps are designed for young kids and parents, our website (www.appewa.com) are intended for adult use only. We take privacy seriously at Lithium Lab Pte LTD and this policy is designed to share the information we collect and how we use it.
This Privacy Policy is also part of the Terms of Use that explain your rights and responsibilities, as well as Lithium Lab Pte LTD’s, when using our services and sites.
If you don’t agree with this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, you should not use these sites and services.
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at
support@appewa.com.
Information We Collect
Lithium Lab Pte LTD does not collect personal data in the kid experience of any of its apps. Parents and grownups directly provide Lithium Lab Pte LTD with the data we actively collect.
We collect the following non-personal information when you install and/or use one of our apps:
Unique device identifier
Game progres
Time spent playing
Achievements
How We Use Your Information
We work with companies that follow this privacy policy and agree not to use your information for any other purposes.
We use the information we collect to:
Process your order(s) and manage your account
Provide technical support
Understand your use of our sites and apps
Help us operate, analyze, and improve our sites and
services
Contact you about new services and features
Send push notifications if consent has been given
Let you know about specials offers on other products we
think you might like
How We Store Your Information
Lithium Lab Pte LTD uses generally accepted security measures and safeguards to keep the data it collects secure.
These measures and safeguards include:
Limiting access to the data to those persons who need it to complete their work for Lithium Lab Pte LTD
Using a fire-wall protected environment
Storing personal information in secure operating environments
Your information is retained as long as necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Privacy Policy. We also keep information as otherwise required by law.
Lithium Lab Pte LTD cannot and does not guarantee and does not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
Where We Store Your Information
The information we maintain may be stored both within and outside of the United States and Canada. As part of the services and products we offer and the third party services we use (e.g., payment processors, , the information you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside these areas.
If we transfer your information outside of these areas, we will take appropriate steps to ensure that any personal data relating to you will continue to be adequately protected. By using our sites and services, you consent to such transfer(s) as necessary.
How to Update or Remove Your Information
Lithium Lab Pte LTD keeps your content for as long as necessary to provide its services. Device identifiers stored for 30 days.
If you want to opt out of services, or review or delete you or your child’s information, please contact us at
support@appewa.com
.
Notice to California Residents
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of Lithium Lab Pte LTD to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
With respect to these entities, this Privacy Policy applies only to their activities within the State of California.
To make such a request, please send an email to
support@appewa.com
.
Legal Disclosure
As you can see, we collect minimal personal data from parents and grownups who wish to provide it, and some non-personal data for internal use only to help us operate, analyze, and improve our sites and services.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This policy was last updated March 1, 2020.
Lithium Lab Pte LTD may change or update the Privacy Policy at any time as we add new or different features, or as the law changes. Unless another date is given, the changes are effective upon posting. If we make a material change to this policy and we have your email address, we may contact you to notify you before making the changes. You should review the Privacy Policy frequently.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions please contact us at
support@appewa.com.