Horizon Blockchain Games Inc. Terms of Use
Version 1.3
Last updated April 27th, 2022
Please review these Terms of Use (
“Terms”
) carefully, as they set forth the legally binding terms and conditions that govern your use of our websites located at
https://www.horizon.io
,
https://www.skyweaver.net
, (
“Websites”
) and our gaming platform (the
“Platform”
), including related trademarks, software code, and other intellectual property (collectively, the
“Services”
). By accessing or using the Services, you accept these Terms on behalf of yourself and any entity that you represent, and you represent and warrant that you have the right and authority to do so. You further represent and warrant that are fully able and competent to enter into, and abide by and comply with, the Sequence User Terms. If you do not agree with all of the provisions of these Terms, do not access, or use the Services.
By accessing or using the Services, you represent that you are of the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction as may be required to access and use the Sequence Services. If you have not reached the age of majority in your jurisdiction but are at least thirteen (13) years of age, your legal guardian must review these Sequence Terms and explain them to you before you use the Sequence Services. The Websites are a copyrighted work belonging to Horizon Blockchain Games Inc. (
“Horizon,” “Company,” “us,” “our,” and “we”
). Your submission of information, including personal information, through or in connection with the Services is governed by the terms of our privacy policy as updated from time to time, available at
https://horizon.io/privacy
(
“Privacy Policy”
). In order to play Skyweaver or access or use the Services you will be required to first accept the Privacy Policy. You will be prompted to accept the Privacy Policy upon your initial registration of an Account by clicking to accept. You will be prompted to accept updates to the Privacy Policy from time to time when you log in to your Account by clicking to accept the updated Privacy Policy.
When you accept the Privacy Policy, and any updates thereto, you consent to us collecting, accessing, using, processing, disclosing, and retaining any personal information you provide to us so we may provide the Services to you. This consent is not related to, and does not affect, any rights or obligations we or you have in accordance with data protection laws, privacy laws, and regulations.
Some jurisdictions (which may include Quebec, Canada) do not allow mandatory arbitration, prohibitions against class actions or governing law and forums other than where the individual consumer is located. If you are located in one of these jurisdictions, the following sentence may not apply to you and you may have additional rights. These terms require the use of arbitration (Section 13) on an individual basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions, and also limit the remedies available to you in the event of a dispute.
1. The Platform
Users of the Platform will be able to access online gaming services and interactive games produced by Horizon (
“Games”
) and including the features available within each Game. To access Games, users of the Platform must sign up for an account (
“Account”
). Users with an Account (
“Account Holder”
) will need to provide a username and valid email to Horizon. Within each Game, Account Holders may earn virtual game-specific items or abilities represented by certain ERC-1155 blockchain tokens (
“Gaming Tokens”
) which are wholly owned, possessed, and controlled by the Account Holder. Account Holders may also purchase Gaming Tokens via a third party marketplace accessible within each Game.
1.1 Limited License Agreement
Horizon owns, has licensed, or otherwise has rights to use all of the content that appears in the Platform and on our Websites, including original artwork that appears within the Games (
“Artwork”
). Gaming Tokens do not grant any ownership rights over any Artwork or any of Horizon's other intellectual property. Each user acknowledges the rights attached to each Gaming Token do not exceed the grant of rights provided by these Terms.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, you agree that you have no right to or title in any content that appears in the Platform, including without limitation the Artwork, or any other attributes associated with an Account.
Subject to these Terms, Horizon grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use and access the Platform for your own personal and non-commercial use. Horizon reserves all rights, including without limitation, all intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights, in connection with the Games, the Platform and the Websites. Users may display, copy or make use of any of the Artwork for commercial use only with the prior written consent of Horizon. For the avoidance of doubt, Users can play Skyweaver outside of the Platform using their Gaming Tokens in digital or printed format.
1.2 Platform Restrictions
The following restrictions apply to the use of the Platform:
You represent and warrant that you are legally permitted to use the Services in your jurisdiction including owning Blockchain Assets and interacting with the Services in any way. You further represent you are responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction and acknowledge that Horizon is not liable for your compliance or non-compliance with such laws.
You represent and warrant that you are not a person or entity identified on: (a) a list established under section 83.05 of the Criminal Code (Canada), any Regulations made under the United Nations Act (Canada), the Freezing Assets of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada), the Justice for Victims of Corrupt Foreign Officials Act (Canada), the Special Economic Measures Act (Canada) or any other Canadian statutes or regulations that take legislative measures against terrorist financing and against financial dealings with certain sanctioned individuals and entities; (b) a list of specially designated national and/or blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Treasury Department; (c) a list of denied persons or parties of concern maintained by the Bureau of Industry and Security of the United States Department of Commerce; or (d) any similar list promulgated by an official agency, ministry or department of the United States.
You represent and warrant that you are not a resident of, or located in, any of the countries listed here
Restricted Regions
to which Canada or the United States has deemed a Prohibited Jurisdiction.
You shall not access your Account or the Platform using a virtual private network or any similar tool that would allow you to circumvent any restriction that in this Section that would otherwise apply to your use of your Account or the Platform.
You shall not engage in any automated use of the Platform or automated gameplay, including through the use of any code, software, scripts, robots, or similar automatic devices that are not expressly permitted by Horizon pursuant to these Terms.
You shall not (or attempt to) purchase, sell, rent, or give away your Account, or create an Account using a false identity or information, or on behalf of someone other than yourself.
You shall not use the Platform if your account has previously been removed by Horizon, or you have previously been banned from playing any Horizon game.
You shall use your Account only for non-commercial purposes.
You shall not use the Platform to advertise, solicit, or transmit any commercial advertisements, including spam or repetitive or misleading messages to anyone.
You shall not post any information that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, libelous, or racially, sexually, religiously, or otherwise objectionable or offensive or engage in ongoing toxic behavior, such as by repeatedly posting information on an unsolicited basis.
You shall not disrupt, interfere with, or otherwise adversely affect the normal flow of the Platform or otherwise act in a manner that may negatively affect other users' experience when using the Platform. This includes any kind of manipulation of rankings or taking advantage of errors to gain an unfair edge over other users and any other act that intentionally abuses or goes against the design of the Platform.
You agree not to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Websites or Skyweaver, or breach the security or authentication measures of the Websites or any part of the Services, except in connection with, and in accordance with the rules of, a Horizon sponsored bounty program.
Horizon reserves the right to determine, except where prohibited by applicable law, what conduct it considers to be in violation of these restrictions. Horizon reserves the right to take action as a result, which may include terminating your Account and prohibiting you from accessing the Platform in whole or in part.
1.3 Account Deletion
Horizon may delete your Account in accordance with Section 7 if we deem, except where prohibited by applicable law, in our sole discretion, your username or avatar to be offensive or inappropriate. You may permanently delete your Account on the Platform by clicking on “Profile Settings” in the Platform and choosing the option to delete. Deletion of your Account does not have any effect on your ownership of Blockchain Assets (defined below), which includes Gaming Tokens.
1.4 Use of Chat Rooms
Horizon shall have the right to monitor and/or record your communications when you use the Platform, and you acknowledge and agree that when you use the Platform, you have no expectation that your communications will be private. Horizon shall have the right to disclose your communications for any reason, including: (a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (b) to enforce these Terms or Privacy Policy; (c) to protect Horizon's legal rights and remedies; (d) to protect the health or safety of anyone that Horizon believes may be threatened; or (e) to report a crime or other offensive behavior.
1.5 User Interactions
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Platform and any other parties with whom you interact through the Platform. Horizon reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes. You will fully cooperate with Horizon to investigate any suspected unlawful, fraudulent or improper activity.
1.6 Gaming Tokens, Fees and Billing
Gaming Tokens, fees, and billing procedures may change over time. The existence of a particular offer for Gaming Tokens does not mean Horizon will maintain or continue to make available that particular Gaming Token or that particular offer. The scope, variety, and type of Gaming Tokens that you may obtain can change at any time and Horizon has the right to manage, regulate, control, modify, or remove any or all Gaming Tokens in our sole discretion, in which case, unless prohibited by applicable law, we will have no liability to you or anyone for the exercise of such rights. If any such change is unacceptable to you, your sole recourse is to terminate your account. Unless prohibited by applicable law, which may include the laws of Quebec, Canada, in which case we will effect such changes in accordance with such laws, your continued use of the Websites or Skyweaver after notice of the changes will indicate your acceptance of those changes. The price of Gaming Tokens on secondary markets may vary depending on a variety of factors including where or how you obtain them. The price and availability of Gaming Tokens on secondary markets may change without notice.
2. Wallet and Conversion Contract Terms
2.1 Wallet Terms
Account Holders will be required to have a Sequence Wallet in order to create an Account. The Sequence Wallet provides Account Holders with access to an interface allowing them to execute instructions directly on the Ethereum blockchain network (the “
Sequence
Wallet
”). The Sequence Wallet allows users to view balances for digital assets that are compatible with the Wallet (“
Blockchain Assets
”), initiate transfers and transactions involving Blockchain Assets, and as an authenticating account to access Skyweaver and other products and games. Your use of the Sequence Wallet will be governed by the terms located at
https://sequence.build/terms
and you must accept those terms before creating a Sequence Wallet and establishing an Account to play Skyweaver and other Games.
2.2 Conversion Contract
The Conversion Contract consists of a series of open source smart contracts published by Horizon that will allow a user to, in a self-directed process, lock one digital asset that conforms with the ERC-20 standard in exchange for the creation and transfer to the user of a digital asset with the same features that conforms with the ERC-1155 standard. All action executed through the Conversion Contract is directed by users and does not involve the intervention of Horizon. Users are responsible for executing the Conversion Contract and for the outcomes of such execution. Users agree and acknowledge that neither Horizon nor any other individual will have control over any digital assets locked in the smart contracts related to the Conversion Contract. Users may send instructions to the Conversion Contract through the user interface provided by the Skyweaver or directly through other means.
3. Non-Cash Games of Skill
3.1 Eligibility
Horizon may make available to Account Holders who play Skyweaver, two games of skill, neither of which award cash prizes: (a) a weekly leaderboard contest (“
Weekly Contest
”) and (b) asynchronous tournaments available from time to time (“
Conquest Mode
”) (together, the “
Contests
”).
3.2 Weekly Contest
(a)
Method of Entry.
All eligible Account Holders will be entered into the Weekly Contest automatically.
(b)
Timing.
The Weekly Contest begins at 14:00 UTC on Monday of every week starting Nov 25th 2021.
(c)
Winner Determination.
At 14:00 UTC on Monday of every week, the Platform will take a snapshot of the rankings of all players depending on the amount of games played and their ELO rating. Top ranked Account Holders in the snapshot will be considered a winner, as determined by Horizon in its sole discretion, and eligible for a prize. The chances of winning will depend on a player's skill level and, if playing constructed mode, available cards.
(d)
Prizes.
Each winner will be eligible to receive a prize based on their ranking. Prizes will consist solely of non-cash items and will automatically be delivered to the winner by Horizon. Prizes are intended for use primarily in gameplay to enhance the entertainment value of gameplay. Any costs or expenses incurred by the winning players in claiming or using their prizes will be the responsibility of the winners. Prizes must be accepted as awarded; no USDC or cash substitutes. The prizes for each rank will be determined by Horizon, in its sole discretion, on a periodic basis. Horizon reserves the right to discontinue Weekly Contests at any time for any reason.
3.3 Conquest Mode
(a)
Method of Entry.
There are two methods of entry into a Conquest Mode tournament: (a) entry by payment of an entry fee, to be determined by Horizon in its sole discretion, in the form of USDC or an equivalent amount of USD to Horizon; or (b) entry by an Account Holder's transfer of one Silver Card to a blockchain address designated by Horizon. Silver Cards used to enter Conquest will be burned, and will not be held or utilized by Horizon.
(b)
Timing and Winner Determination.
Tournaments in Conquest Mode are asynchronous and an individual tournament entrant begins a match once another player with the same number of victories enters the queue. At any point after a win has occurred between two players (a “
Victory
”), the winning player will continue play and the defeated player exits with the Rewards they have earned. The Tournament for each individual player ends after three consecutive Victories or when the player was defeated, whichever happens first. The chances of a Victory will depend on a player's available cards and skill level.
(c)
Prizes.
Players with at least one Victory are eligible to receive a prize. Prizes will consist solely of non-cash items and will automatically be delivered to the player by Horizon. Prizes are intended for use primarily in gameplay to enhance the entertainment value of gameplay. Any costs or expenses incurred by the winning players in claiming or using their prizes will be the responsibility of the winners. Prizes must be accepted as awarded; no USDC or cash substitutes. The prizes for each number of Victories will be determined by Horizon, in its sole discretion, on a periodic basis. Horizon reserves the right to discontinue Conquest Mode tournaments at any time for any reason.
3.4 Conditions
Account Holders shall not: (a) cheat, employ fraud, or attempt to circumvent these Terms; (b) carry out any kind of spamming; (c) collude with or bribe other Account Holders; or (d) otherwise behave in a manner that Horizon deems, unless prohibited by applicable law, in its sole discretion, offensive or inappropriate. Such behavior will result in an Account Holder being permanently banned from all Contests.
3.5 Limitations of Liability
SOME JURISDICTIONS (WHICH MAY INCLUDE QUEBEC, CANADA) DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE FOLLOWING LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. Horizon is not responsible for: (a) any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by Account Holders, errors, or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Contests; (b) technical failures of any kind, including, but not limited to malfunctions, interruptions, or disconnections in phone lines or network, service providers, access providers, hardware or software; (c) unauthorized human intervention in any part of the Contests; or (d) technical or human error in the administration of the Contests or the delivery of the prizes. No more than the stated number of each prize will be awarded.
Horizon reserves the right to cancel or modify the Contests if, in its sole discretion, it determines that a Contest is not capable of running as originally planned for any reason (such as tampering or infection by computer virus, fraud, technical failures, printing or distribution errors, or any other causes or occurrences have compromised the fairness or integrity of the Contest).
3.6 Quebec, Canada
Any litigation respecting the conduct or organization of a publicity contest may be submitted to the Régie des alcools, des courses et des jeux for a ruling. Any litigation respecting the awarding of a prize may be submitted to the Régie only for the purpose of helping the parties reach a settlement.
4. Refund Policy
4.1
All purchases of Gaming Tokens or Conquest Mode entries are final and Horizon does not issue refunds.
4.2
Purchases of cryptocurrency using one of the third-party payment providers through the Sequence Wallet or using the Apple Store or Google Store are subject to the refund policy of the relevant third-party service provider. Links to those policies are provided below for your reference:
Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions
Google Play Terms of Service
Ramp Payment Provider Terms of Service
Wyre Payment Provider User Agreement
Moonpay Payment Provider Terms of Use (non-USA only)
Moonpay Payment Provider Terms of Use (USA only)
4.3
You are solely responsible for securing your login credentials and any device you use to access your Sequence Wallet. You understand that anyone who obtains your login credentials and access to your device may access your Sequence Wallet with or without your authorization and may transfer any blockchain assets accessible through your Sequence Wallet or engage in the unauthorized purchase of cryptocurrency. Horizon does not have control or have access to your Sequence Wallet and will not provide any refunds in the event of such an unauthorized purchase or transfer of assets.
4.4
For additional information regarding our refund policy, please see our
Refunds FAQs
,
5. Website Terms
5.1 Access to the Website
(a)
License.
Subject to these Terms, Horizon grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to use and access the Websites for your own personal and non-commercial use.
(b) Certain Restrictions.
The rights granted to you in these Terms are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Websites, whether in whole or in part, or any content displayed on the Websites; (b) you shall not (directly or indirectly) modify, decipher, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Services; (c) you shall not access the Websites in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service; (d) you shall not translate, or otherwise create derivative works, adaptations, translations or compilations of any part of the Services; (e) you shall not rent, lease, distribute, or otherwise transfer any of the rights that you receive hereunder; (f) you shall not frame or mirror any part of the Websites without Horizon's express prior written consent; (g) you shall not create a database by systematically downloading and storing content related to the Services; (h) you shall not use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device to retrieve, harvest, index, “scrape,” “data mine” or in any way gather content related to the Services or reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Services without Horizon's express prior written consent; and (i) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Websites may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means. Unless otherwise indicated, any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Websites shall be subject to these Terms. All copyright and other proprietary notices on the Websites (or on any content displayed on the Websites) must be retained on all copies thereof.
(c)
Modification of the Websites.
Horizon reserves the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Websites (in whole or in part) with or without notice to you. You agree that Horizon will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Websites or any part thereof.
(d)
No Support or Maintenance.
You acknowledge and agree that Horizon will have no obligation to provide you with any support or maintenance in connection with the Websites, unless specifically contracted for under a separate agreement.
(e)
Ownership.
Excluding any User Content that you may provide (defined below), you acknowledge that all the intellectual property rights, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets, in the Websites and their content are owned by Horizon. Neither these Terms nor your access to the Websites transfers to you or any third party any rights, title or interest in or to such intellectual property rights, except for the limited access rights expressly set forth in these Terms. Horizon reserves all rights not granted in these Terms. There are no implied licenses granted under these Terms.
5.2 Accuracy of Information
We attempt to ensure that the information that we provide on the Websites is complete, accurate and current. Despite our efforts, the information on Websites may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. We make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or correctness of any information on any Website.
5.3 Links to Third Party Website
The Websites, Platform, and Services may now or in the future contain links to third party websites. Where provided, these links are provided as a convenience to you. Horizon does not control and is not responsible for the content of such third-party websites or the conduct of the operators of such third-party websites, and we do not make any representations regarding the accuracy, copyright, or other statutory or regulatory compliance, legality, or decency of any of the content or other materials on such third-party websites. If you decide to access linked third-party websites, you do so at your own risk.
6. Disclaimers
SOME JURISDICTIONS (WHICH MAY INCLUDE QUEBEC) DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE FOLLOWING LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND HORIZON (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS, OR WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE. IF APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES, ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF FIRST USE.
HORIZON DOES NOT ENDORSE ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE IN ANY WAY FOR ANY TRANSACTIONS YOU ENTER INTO WITH OTHER USERS. YOU AGREE THAT HORIZON WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY SORT INCURRED AS THE RESULT OF ANY INTERACTIONS BETWEEN YOU AND OTHER USERS.
7. Terms and Termination
These Terms will remain in full force and effect while you use the Services. We may suspend or terminate your rights to use the Services at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the Services in violation of these Terms. Upon termination of your rights under these Terms, your right to access and use the Services will terminate immediately. You understand that any termination of your rights may involve removal of your User Content from our live databases. Horizon will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of your rights under these Terms, including for deleting your account or blacklisting any network address you provide to us. Even after your rights under these Terms are terminated, the following provisions of these Terms will remain in effect: Section 1.1, Section 5.1, Section 6, Section 8, Section 9, Section 11 and Section 12.
8. Other Users
Each user is solely responsible for any and all of its own User Content. Because we do not control User Content and/or other third-party sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the accuracy or availability of any User Content and materials and/or external sites or resources, whether provided by you or by others. We make no guarantees regarding the accuracy, currency, suitability, or quality of any User Content. Your interactions with other users are solely between you and such users. You agree that Horizon will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions. If there is a dispute between you and any user, we are under no obligation to become involved.
8.1 Release
SOME JURISDICTIONS (WHICH MAY INCLUDE QUEBEC, CANADA) DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, SO THE FOLLOWING LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. You hereby release and forever discharge Horizon (and our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns) from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature (including personal injuries, death, and property damage), that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the Services (including any interactions with, or act or omission of, other users or any Third-Party Links & Ads). IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”
9. User Content
9.1 User Content
“
User Content
” means any and all information and content that a user submits to, or uses with, the Services (e.g., content in the avatar, username, private or public chats or forums), including Creator Content (defined below). You are solely responsible for your User Content. You assume all risks associated with use of your User Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by others, or any disclosure of your User Content that personally identifies you or any third party. You hereby represent and warrant that your User Content does not violate our Acceptable Use Policy (defined in Section 9.2). You may not represent or imply to others that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by Horizon. Because you alone are responsible for your User Content, you may expose yourself to liability if, for example, your User Content violates the Acceptable Use Policy. Horizon is not obligated to backup any User Content, and your User Content may be deleted at any time without prior notice. You are solely responsible for creating and maintaining your own backup copies of your User Content if you desire.
9.2 Acceptable Use Policy
The following terms constitute our “
Acceptable Use Policy
”:
(a)
You agree not to use the Services to collect, upload, transmit, display, or distribute any User Content: (i) that violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (ii) that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, invasive of another's privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libelous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive, promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual or is otherwise objectionable; (iii) that is harmful to minors in any way; or (iv) that is in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party.
(b)
In addition, you agree not to: (i) upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the Services any computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data; (ii) send through the Services unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages, whether commercial or otherwise; (iii) use the Services to harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding other users, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; (iv) interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks connected to the Services, or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks; (v) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services (or to other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Services), whether through password mining or any other means; (vi) harass or interfere with any other user's use and enjoyment of the Services; or (vii) use software or automated agents or scripts to produce multiple accounts on the Services, or to generate automated searches, requests, or queries to (or to strip, scrape, or mine data from) the Services (provided, however, that we may conditionally grant to the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Services for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials, subject to the parameters set forth in our robots.txt file).
9.3 Enforcement
We reserve the right (but have no obligation) to review any User Content, and to investigate and/or take appropriate action against you in our sole discretion if you violate the Acceptable Use Policy or any other provision of these Terms or otherwise create liability for us or any other person. Such action may include deleting your Account, blacklisting your Wallet address, and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities.
9.4 Feedback
If you provide Horizon with any feedback or suggestions regarding the Services (“
Feedback
”), you hereby assign to Horizon all rights in such Feedback and agree that Horizon shall have the right to use and fully exploit such Feedback and related information in any manner it deems appropriate. Horizon will treat any Feedback you provide to Horizon as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that you will not submit to Horizon any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.
9.5 Creators Program
(a)
Horizon offers an optional creators program (the “Creators Program”) whereby certain users approved by us (“Approved Creators”) will be provided with access to unique rewards and tools, as determined and made available by us in our sole discretion from time to time, to develop and publish Creator Content through the Services for use by the Approved Creator, Horizon, and other users of the Services. “Creator Content” includes any content, data, information, records or files, that you load, transmit to us or enter into the Services, or that you otherwise submit to us in connection with your participation in the Creators Program. All Creator Content is deemed to be included in the definition of User Content, as applicable. Users may apply to the Creators Program through our sign-up page available at
https://www.skyweaver.net/community/creators-program/
and we reserve the right to approve or reject users for participation in the Creators Program in our sole discretion. Additionally, if we have approved any user to be an Approved Creator, we reserve the right to revoke that approval at any time in our sole discretion.
(b)
Approved Creators hereby grant to us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns, a fully paid up, perpetual,  irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free,  non-exclusive, transferable and fully and sublicensable licence to access, collect, store and use any data, information, records or files that you, as an Approved Creator, load, transmit to, enter into, or that we collect from, the Services, including your personal information (collectively, “Creator Data”) to, without payment of any compensation or obligations to you: (i) develop, enhance and make available the Services; and (ii) produce data, information, or other materials that are not identified as relating to a particular individual or company (such data, information and materials, the “Aggregated Data”). We and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns are free to create, use and disclose Aggregated Data during and after your use of the Services for any purpose, expressly including commercial purposes, and without any compensation or obligations to you. Unless prohibited by applicable law, which may include the laws of Quebec, Canada, Horizon will not be liable for any failure to store, or for loss or corruption of, your Creator Data.
(c)
By participating in the Creators Program as an Approved Creator, you acknowledge and agree that Horizon will be transmitting and Handling your personal information electronically. Please review our current Privacy Policy, which contains important information about our practices in Handling personal information in connection with the Creators Program. The term “Handle” means to access, receive, collect, use, transmit, store, process, record, disclose, transfer, retain, dispose of, destroy, manage or otherwise handle.
(d)
When Approved Creators post, publish or otherwise make publicly available any Creator Content, Approved Creators grant (i) us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors, and assigns, and (ii) each user of the Services,      a fully paid up, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, transferable and fully sublicensable licence to access, use, license, distribute, reproduce, edit, modify, adapt, publicly perform, publicly display, prepare derivative works from, derive revenue or other remuneration from, and otherwise disclose to third parties, the Creator Content (in whole or in part) for any purpose, including commercial purposes, and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or later developed, throughout the world without compensation to you, for the full term of any worldwide intellectual property right that may exist in the Creator Content, including after your cessation of your participation in the Creators Program and/or your termination of your account or the Services. Approved Creators waive any moral rights, author’s rights or other rights of authorship upon posting, publishing otherwise making publicly available any Creator Content.
(e)
We reserve the right to remove, edit, limit, or block access to the Creator Data or the Creator Content at any time and from time to time, and to disable or terminate the Creators Program, in whole or in part, or your status as an Approved Creator in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including for any violation of any provision of these Terms and our Acceptable Use Policy. We have no obligation to display, publish, review or use your Creator Content.
(f)
You, as an Approved Creator, understand and agree that you, and not Horizon, are fully responsible for all of the Creator Content, and you are fully responsible and legally liable, including to any third party, for such content and its accuracy. Horizon is not responsible or legally liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any of the Creator Content or such content uploaded, posted, e-mailed, transmitted or otherwise made publicly available through the Services by any Approved Creators.
(g)
You, as an Approved Creator, represent and warrant to us that: (i) the Creator Data and the Creator Content will only contain your own personal information or personal information in respect of which you have provided all necessary notices and disclosures, obtained all applicable third party consents and permissions and otherwise have all authority, in each case as required by applicable laws, to enable us to make available the Services and Handle the Creator Data as contemplated under these Term;  (ii) you own or control the appropriate rights in and to the Creator Data and the Creator Content, including any intellectual property owned by third parties and including the right to grant the licenses to the Creator Content contained herein; and (iii) you will not submit, upload, or otherwise make available via the Services, any Creator Data or Creator Content that: (A) you do not have the rights necessary to use, post, publish or otherwise make publicly available, or to grant us the licenses as described herein; (B) infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate any rights of any third party, including intellectual property or publicity rights; or (C) breach or violate any applicable laws or these Terms.
(h)
Approved Creators acknowledge and agree that they will not receive monetary remuneration or compensation from Horizon or any other party for participating in the Creators Program. Approved Creators acknowledge and agree that they are not an employee or independent contractor of Horizon for any purpose, including, but not limited to, applicable employment or labour standards legislation or workers compensation legislation, any of the regulations made pursuant thereto, or otherwise at law or in equity. Approved Creators are not and will not represent themselves to be an agent, joint venturer, partner, officer, director or employee of Horizon. Approved Creators agree not to make any representations or engage in any acts that could establish an apparent relationship of agency, joint venture, partnership or employment with Horizon. Nothing contained in these Terms creates nor will be construed as creating an employment relationship between Approved Creators and Horizon.
10. Disclaimers Regarding Gaming Tokens
10.1
You expressly acknowledge and agree that your participation in any Skyweaver game, and your receipt and possession of any Gaming Token, is voluntary and for entertainment purposes only.
10.2
You expressly acknowledge that Horizon is under no obligation, and you are in no way relying on Horizon, to promote, support, or improve Skyweaver, and that Horizon reserves the right to cease support for Skyweaver and to terminate the availability of Skyweaver at any time, and that Horizon may cease to sell or award new Gaming Tokens on Skyweaver.
10.3
You expressly acknowledge that your receipt, purchase, or possession of Gaming Tokens does not give you any rights in or claims against Horizon, that Gaming Tokens are not a financial or investment instrument of any kind, that Gaming Tokens may not have any real-world monetary value whatsoever, and that Horizon is not responsible for any value attributable to, or fluctuations or loss in the value of, Gaming Tokens.
10.4
While Horizon has taken a number of precautions to ensure the security of the Gaming Tokens, the Wallet and Conversion Contract, the technology is relatively new and it is not possible to guarantee that the code is 100% free from bugs or errors. Users accept all risks that arise from using the Wallet, the Gaming Tokens and the Conversion Contract, including but not limited to the risk of any funds being lost due to a failure of the Conversion Contract. Your Gaming Tokens may be lost, stolen, or otherwise rendered unusable due to bugs in smart contracts implementing the Game, the Wallet, the Conversion Contract, other wallets and the Ethereum network.
11.Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Horizon (and its officers, employees, and agents) harmless, including costs and attorneys' fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of: (i) your use of the Services; (ii) your violation of these Terms; (iii) your violation of applicable laws or regulations; or (iv) your User Content, expressly including, if applicable, Creator Content. Horizon reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of Horizon. Horizon will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
12. Limitation on Liability
SOME JURISDICTIONS (WHICH MAY INCLUDE QUEBEC, CANADA) DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE FOLLOWING LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL HORIZON BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, EVEN IF HORIZON HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM.
HORIZON SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF YOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PRIVATE KEYS OR LOGIN CREDENTIALS TO YOUR WALLET SECURE OR ANY OTHER UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING YOUR WALLET.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT (FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION), WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO A MAXIMUM OF FIFTY US DOLLARS (U.S. $50). THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT.
13. Dispute Resolution
Please read this section carefully. It is part of your contract with Horizon and affects your rights. You and Horizon are each considered “
Parties
” for the purpose of this section. SOME JURISDICTIONS (WHICH MAY INCLUDE QUEBEC, CANADA) DO NOT ALLOW MANDATORY ARBITRATION, PROHIBITIONS AGAINST CLASS ACTIONS OR GOVERNING LAW AND FORUMS OTHER THAN WHERE THE CONSUMER IS LOCATED. IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN ONE OF THESE JURISDICTIONS, THE FOLLOWING MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
13.1 Mediation
If any dispute occurs between the Parties relating to the application, interpretation, implementation or validity of these Terms, the Parties agree to seek to resolve the dispute or controversy through mediation with Canadian Arbitration Association before pursuing any other proceedings. Nothing herein shall preclude any Party from seeking injunctive relief in the event that the Party perceives that without such injunctive relief, serious harm may be done to the Party. Any Party to the dispute may serve notice on the others of its desire to resolve a particular dispute by mediation. The mediator shall be appointed by agreement between the Parties or, if the Parties cannot agree within five days after receipt of the notice of intention to mediate, the mediator will be appointed by Canadian Arbitration Association. The mediation will be held at Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The Parties agree to attempt to resolve their dispute at mediation. The costs of the mediator shall be shared equally by the Parties. If the dispute has not been resolved within thirty days of the notice of desire to mediate, any Party may terminate the mediation and proceed to arbitration as set out below.
13.2 Arbitration
Subject to the mediation provisions set out above, if any dispute or controversy occurs between the Parties relating to the interpretation or implementation of any of the provisions of this Agreement, the dispute will be resolved by arbitration at Canadian Arbitration Association pursuant to the general Canadian Arbitration Association Rules for Arbitration. Any Party may serve notice of its desire to refer a dispute to arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator. The arbitration shall be held in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The arbitration shall proceed in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration Act (Ontario). The decision arrived at by the arbitrator shall be final and binding and no appeal shall lie therefrom. Judgement upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The costs of the arbitrator shall be divided equally between the Parties.
14. Disclosures
Horizon is located in Ontario, Canada. If you are a California resident, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Product of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
15. Electronic Communications
The communications between you and Horizon use electronic means, whether you use the Services or send us emails, or whether Horizon posts notices on the Services or communicates with you via email. For contractual purposes, you: (i) consent to receive communications from Horizon in an electronic form; and (ii) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that Horizon provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if it were be in a hardcopy writing. The foregoing does not affect your non-waivable rights.
16. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
SOME JURISDICTIONS HAVE CONSUMER PROTECTION AND OTHER LEGISLATION WHICH MAY APPLY TO THE SERVICES AND WHICH DO NOT ALLOW CERTAIN PROVISIONS SUCH AS RESTRICTIONS ON GOVERNING LAW OR JURISDICTION, LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, AMONG OTHERS. TO THE EXTENT THAT A RESTRICTION ON GOVERNING LAW OR JURISDICTION, LIMITATION, EXCLUSION, RESTRICTION OR OTHER PROVISION SET OUT BELOW IS SPECIFICALLY PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SUCH LIMITATION, EXCLUSION, RESTRICTION OR PROVISION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
These Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Ontario Canada. You agree that the courts of Ontario Canada shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with the subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) of these Terms.
If you are located outside of the United States or Canada, you use or access the Services solely at your own risk. The Services may not be appropriate or available for use in some jurisdictions. Horizon and its partners do not represent or warrant that the Services or any part thereof is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction other than the United States or Canada. In choosing to access the Services, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and you are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations.
17. General
17.1 Entire Terms
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Services. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word “including” means “including without limitation.” If any provision of these Terms is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. You confirm that you are acting on your own behalf and not for the benefit of any other person. Your relationship to Horizon is that of an independent contractor, and neither party is an agent or partner of the other. These Terms, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without Horizon's prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. Horizon may freely assign these Terms. The terms and conditions set forth in these Terms shall be binding upon assignees.
17.2 Changes
Unless otherwise required by applicable laws, which may include the laws of Quebec, Canada, if applicable (in which case, we will make changes in accordance with such laws), these Terms are subject to occasional revision. If we make any substantial changes, you will be prompted to review those changes and click to accept the updated Terms when you next log in to your Account. These changes will be effective upon your acceptance of the updated Terms. In addition, continued use of our Services following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
17.3 Waiver
A waiver by Horizon of any right or remedy under these Terms shall only be effective if it is in writing, executed by a duly authorized representative of Horizon and shall apply only to the circumstances for which it is given. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or remedy under these Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or remedy, nor shall it prevent any future exercise or enforcement of such right or remedy. No single or partial exercise of any right or remedy shall preclude or restrict the further exercise of any such right or remedy or other rights or remedies.
17.4 Copyright and Trademark Information
Copyright ©
2025
Horizon Blockchain Games Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks, logos and service marks (“
Marks
”) displayed on the Services are our property or the property of other third parties. You are not permitted to use these Marks without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party which may own the Marks.
17.5 Contact Information
You may contact us at any time regarding these Terms at
hello@horizongames.net
.
hello@skyweaver.net
Terms
Privacy
©
2025
Horizon Blockchain Games Inc. All rights reserved.
Skyweaver uses cookies and similar technologies to provide you with personalized content, improve site performance, and conduct analytics. By using the Skyweaver website or other online services, you consent to the practices described in our
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
.
Accept
Reject
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://horizon.io/privacy:
Sequence
Skyweaver
Company
Careers
Privacy Policy
Version 1.2
Last revised on: Feb 2, 2022
Our User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy of Horizon describes the information we collect, use, and disclose about you when you access our online gaming services and interactive games using our Sequence gaming platform (“Services”), visit our websites located at
https://horizon.io
and
https://sequence.build
or any other site or mobile app where this Privacy Policy is posted (“Sites”), communicate with us, or otherwise engage with us. This Privacy Policy covers all of our services and all methods by which you may access our Sites and Services.
We understand that privacy is an important issue to you and we respect the privacy of our users and aim to protect the security and confidentiality of information about you that we acquire. Under applicable law you may have the right to limit some, but not all, sharing of the information we collect about you. The law may also require us to disclose to you how we collect, share and protect that information.
What We Collect
We collect information about you when you provide it to us and when you visit our Sites, sign up for and use our Services, request information or otherwise interact with us or our Services.
Personal Information
The personal information we may collect includes:
Username and avatar;
Email address;
Country (provided by you);
Any Ethereum network addresses (publicly available on the blockchain) you provide to us;
Any blockchain network address associated with your digital assets or gaming tokens (your “Wallet”);
Any information you provide in response to a survey or questionnaire;
Feedback and correspondence, such as any emails, chat messages, or other communications you send to us via email or third-party social media websites;
Information which may be received from other sources with your consent;
Content that you create, share or submit in connection with your participation in the Creators Program;
Information about the device you use to access the Services and Sites, including device model, device ID, IP address, browser type, operating system, platform (Android, iOS, web), referring website; and
Information about your use of the Services including the pages of our Services which you browsed or the features you used, the time spent on those pages or features, the links on our Services that you click on, as well as actions you take during gameplay, your in-game user settings and preferences and your in-app purchases.
Information from Third-Party Sources
When linking to a third-party service, we may retrieve your email. Such linkage may include interactions with our social media sites. We use this information for marketing and communications purposes. Third-party sites are governed by their own privacy policies, and you should review those privacy policies before using those sites.
How We Use Personal Information
We use, collect and process your personal information in connection with our provision of Services and, where applicable, to meet our legitimate interests, as set out below:
We use your username for identification purposes within the game, for example, to announce your standing in Conquests, or on the Leaderboard ranking.
We use your email address to authenticate you, communicate with you to provide technical and customer support and to send updates regarding your participation in any waitlists, Contests and Surveys. We may use your email address to send promotional and other information to you with your permission. With your permission, we may also send you push notifications with game updates and promotions through our App. To learn how to opt-out of the use of your information for such purposes, please see “Your Choices” below.
If you sign-up to receive our marketing emails, we may also use your email address to display targeted advertisements to you on third-party social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Google or LinkedIn and we may provide a hashed version of your email address or other information to the platform provider for such purposes. To learn how to opt-out of the use of your information for such purposes, please see “Your Choices” below.;
If you sign-up to participate in our Creators Program we may post, publish, share or otherwise promote your content on our webpages and social media sites, or use your name, picture, image, likeness, voice, signature or other biographical information in connection with the Creators Program or our campaigns;
We use the information regarding your country (if provided) to update the flag icon by your username. You can remove this information at any time.
We use information about your device and your use of the Services to better understand who is using our Services and how, and to improve our Services.
We use your IP address to provide you with appropriate content and to block access to the Services from locations where we do not provide Services.
We use your network address associated with your Wallet to allow you to make transactions on the platform, including buying and receiving digital assets such as gaming tokens.
We use your feedback and correspondence to respond to your requests, feedback, or inquiries, and to continuously improve our products and services.
We use your payment information to process payments for the digital assets you buy and sell on the platform.
We will not use your personal information for purposes other than those purposes we have disclosed to you, without your permission.
What Personal Information We Share
We do not sell, license, lease or otherwise disclose personal information (including personal information relating to current or former customers) to any third party without consent for any reason other than the purposes described below:
We may transfer or make available personal information to our service providers who require access to the data in order to perform their tasks and duties in the course of providing services on our behalf (such as payment processing, hosting data, providing advertising, marketing and analytics services). We may also share personal information with third parties who have a legitimate purpose for accessing it (where permitted by applicable law). Our service providers may have access to or store personal information outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside, including in the United States.
We may share your information with customer data and behavioral analytic platforms who help us to understand how you use and interact with our Services.
We may share your information with payment processing services with which we partner to process payments for digital assets, at your request.
We may disclose information to third parties about your account or the transactions you make if you give us your written permission.
We may transfer any information we have about you as an asset in connection with a proposed or completed merger, acquisition or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of Horizon Blockchain Games Inc., or as part of a corporate reorganization or other change in corporate control.
We and our Canadian, US and other foreign service providers may share your information with law enforcement, and officials, or other third parties when we are compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order, or similar legal procedure, where required or permitted by applicable law, or when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate violation of any of our terms and conditions or any other applicable policies. We also may disclose your personal information in order to comply, as necessary, with applicable laws and regulatory requirements, as well as legal process; respond to mandatory legal or governmental requests or demands for information (which may include a lawful access request by United States or other courts, law enforcement or governmental agencies); enforce our agreements, policies, procedures and terms of use; and protect ourselves, our users, Account Holders, or the general public from illegal activities.
We may disclose personal information to another organization for the purposes of investigating a breach of an agreement or contravention of law or detecting, suppressing or preventing fraud, or as otherwise may be required or permitted by applicable Canadian, U.S. or other law or legal process, which may include lawful access by US or foreign courts, law enforcement or other government authorities.
Third-Party Websites
We may have links to third-party websites on our website. Third-party websites have their own privacy policies, which are not under our control; we encourage you to review the privacy policies of all third-party websites you visit.
Use of Cookies and Other Website Information
We collect the IP addresses of all visitors to our Sites and other related information such as page requests, browser type, operating system and average time spent on our Sites. We use this information to help us understand our website activity and to monitor and improve our Sites and Services.
Horizon uses cookies in order to provide better service, to facilitate our customers’ use of our Sites, to track usage of the Sites, to collect data and to address certain security issues. When you access our Sites, we send the cookies to your computer, phone or mobile device. Your computer, phone or mobile device stores the cookie in a file located inside your web browser. The cookies help Horizon keep track of your visits to our Sites and your activity on our Sites and to understand how you interact with us.
We may link the information collected by cookies with other information we collect from you pursuant to this Privacy Policy and use the combined information to better understand user behaviour to improve our products. Similarly, the third parties who serve cookies on our Sites may link your name or email address to other information they collect, which may include past purchases made online, or your online usage information.
You can generally activate or later deactivate the use of cookies through a functionality built into your web browser. If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable or delete them, please
visit this site
for detailed guidance. In addition, certain third-party advertising networks, including Google, permit users to opt out of or customize preferences associated with your internet browsing. To learn more about this feature from Google,
click here
. Please note that if you decide not to accept cookies from our Sites, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features available on our Sites.
Horizon also uses analytics providers such as Google Analytics to help us gather and analyze information about the areas visited on the Sites (such as the pages most read, time spent, search terms and other engagement data) in order to evaluate and improve the user experience and the Sites The following link explains how Google uses data when you use its partners’ websites and applications: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . To prevent the storage and processing of this data (including your IP address) by Google, you can download and install the browser plug-in available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
. You can also obtain additional information on Google Analytics’ data privacy and security at the following links:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
and
https://support.google.com/analytics/topic/2919631
Your use of Horizon’s website is evidence of your consent to Horizon storing and accessing cookies and other information on your computer or phone and Horizon’s use of Google Analytics in connection with such activities. Please read the information at the link provided so you understand what you are consenting to.
App Usage Information & Analytics
As with many applications, certain limited data is required for the App to function on your device. This data includes the type of device hardware and operating system, unique device identifier, IP address, language settings, and the date and time the App accesses our servers. We use this information to help us understand the activity on our App, to monitor and improve our App, and to tailor your in-App experience. In addition, we may use third party service providers to collect analytical information about your use of the App, such as the App features used and time spent on the App, to help us tailor your in-app experience, improve our products and the quality of our App, and to manage and analyze data in order to better understand our users.
Security
Horizon strives to ensure that our systems are secure and that they meet industry standards. We seek to protect the personal information in our custody and control against theft, loss and unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure by implementing physical, administrative and electronic safeguards. Horizon restricts access to personal information on a need-to-know basis to employees and authorized service providers who require access to fulfil their job requirements. Horizon endeavors to engage third-party service providers that have security and confidentiality policies, if such third-party service providers have access to our customer’s personal information and such service providers are not authorized to use the personal information for their own purposes.
Despite our efforts to protect the security of your information, no security system is always effective and we cannot guarantee that our systems will be completely secure.
Your Rights
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by emailing privacy@horizon.io. If you delete your Account, only your username will remain on the website for the purposes of the Ranking, and your personal information will not be used by us for any further purposes, nor sold or shared with third parties, except as necessary to prevent fraud and assist law enforcement, as required by law, or in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by emailing privacy@horizon.io.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent where permitted under applicable law.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. To find contact details for authorities in the European Union,
click
here.
To find contact details for privacy regulatory authorities in Canada,
click here
.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Your Choices
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of each email. Alternatively, you can opt-out of receiving email marketing communications by contacting us at the contact information provided in the “Contact Us” section below or adjusting your preferences in your account settings. Please note that you may continue to receive transactional or account-related communications from us.
You can turn off push notifications for the App within the notifications settings of the App or in the settings of your mobile device.
To opt-out of the use of your information for such targeted advertising on social media platforms, please contact us at privacy@horizon.io. You can also manage your privacy settings directly through your account on these third-party platforms, including to opt-out of such targeted advertising.
You may also contact us by emailing privacy@horizon.io.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information (EU Residents)
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only (i) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you; (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights; or (iii) where we have your consent to do so. We have a legitimate interest in operating our Services and communicating with you as necessary to provide these Services, for example when responding to your queries, improving our Platform, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your personal information as long as you continue to use the Services, or for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Even after you delete your Account, we may retain copies of information about you for a period of time that is consistent with applicable law, applicable statute of limitations or as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, to collect fees owed, to resolve disputes, to address problems with our services, to assist with investigations, to enforce our Terms or other applicable agreements or policies, or to take any other actions consistent with applicable law. For non-EEA residents and where permitted by law, we may continue to index information regarding your public network address from the Ethereum blockchain for account resurrection purposes.
Minors Under 13
Individuals under the age of 13 (“ Children”) are not allowed to use the Services, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from Children in violation of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. If you believe that your child under 13 has gained access to the Services without your permission, you may request the deletion of their personal information by contacting us at privacy@horizon.io. If we learn that we have collected personal information about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. We have taken commercially reasonable steps to restrict use of the Services to those who are at least 13 years old. We do not market products or services for purchase by Children.
“Do Not Track” Policy
California law requires us to inform you how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (“ DNT”) signals. Because no industry or legal standard exists for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we do not respond to them at this time. This policy is subject to change as the privacy community and industry develop best practices for responding to DNT signals.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS - YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS (AS PROVIDED BY CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1798.83)
A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT WHO HAS PROVIDED PERSONAL DATA TO A BUSINESS WITH WHOM HE/SHE HAS ESTABLISHED A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP FOR PERSONAL, FAMILY, OR HOUSEHOLD PURPOSES (A “CALIFORNIA CUSTOMER”) MAY REQUEST INFORMATION ABOUT WHETHER THE BUSINESS HAS DISCLOSED PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANY THIRD PARTIES FOR THE THIRD PARTIES’ DIRECT MARKETING PURPOSES. IN GENERAL, IF THE BUSINESS HAS MADE SUCH A DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA, UPON RECEIPT OF A REQUEST BY A CALIFORNIA CUSTOMER, THE BUSINESS IS REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A LIST OF ALL THIRD PARTIES TO WHOM PERSONAL DATA WAS DISCLOSED IN THE PRECEDING CALENDAR YEAR, AS WELL AS A LIST OF THE CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA THAT WERE DISCLOSED. CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS MAY REQUEST FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT OUR COMPLIANCE WITH THIS LAW BY E-MAILING PRIVACY@HORIZON.IO. PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ARE REQUIRED TO RESPOND TO ONE REQUEST PER CALIFORNIA CUSTOMER EACH YEAR AND WE ARE NOT REQUIRED TO RESPOND TO REQUESTS MADE BY MEANS OTHER THAN THROUGH THIS E-MAIL ADDRESS.
International Data Transfers
Horizon does not currently restrict the Service to certain jurisdictions. We may transfer personal information to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected. Personal information may be stored on servers located in the United States or Canada and accessed from jurisdictions in which we or our service providers are located. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your personal information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to This Policy
Horizon reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. You should review our Privacy Policy frequently. If we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, our revised Privacy Policy will be posted at
www.horizon.io/privacy
, and it will either be noted on our Sites that material changes have been made or we will notify our users by email. The date of the most recent update to our Privacy Policy will be set forth in the header to the Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us About This Policy If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information, or if you have a complaint, you should first contact us by emailing our Privacy Officer at privacy@horizon.io.
If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us at privacy@horizon.io or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction.
You can find your data protection regulator in the European Union
here
. To find contact details for privacy regulatory authorities in Canada,
click here
.
Horizon uses cookies and similar technologies to provide you with personalized content, improve site performance, and conduct analytics. By using the Horizon website or other online services, you consent to the practices described in our
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
.
Accept
Reject