Menu
Kinsa Health
Blog
Shop
Kinsa App
Guidance
Mission
Support
Kinsa Insights
Kinsa Insights
English
Español
Français
Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THIS POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE KINSA SERVICES.
Last Updated Date: February 9, 2024
Protecting your data, privacy and personal information is important to Kinsa Health, LLC. and our affiliates (“Kinsa”, “us”, “we”, or “our”). At Kinsa, we strongly believe that companies have a social responsibility to help society; provided that they can do so without sacrificing user privacy. We believe that the spread of illness is one of the biggest problems the world faces, and to stop it, we must know where and when it is starting. We believe that
fully anonymized
illness data should be used to benefit society, and that personally identifiable information
should not
be used without a user’s permission.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), together with our Terms of Use and Conditions, represents Kinsa’s privacy practices as it pertains to our websites (“Websites”), smart thermometers (“Smart Thermometers”), mobile applications (“Apps”), and any other online services Kinsa may provide (collectively, the “Services”).  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By accepting this Privacy Policy or otherwise accessing, visiting or using the Services, you acknowledge and consent to the data collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy.
When using Kinsa Services, you will be asked to acknowledge and, where appropriate, to give consent to the practices laid out in this policy.
If you are providing personal information about another individual, please make sure you have their consent, or the authority, to provide such information.
About Us
Kinsa’s Smart Thermometers are regulated as class II medical devices by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Kinsa’s Smart Thermometers are intended to measure human body temperature and are reusable for clinical or home use on individuals of all ages. Kinsa also develops and shares population health insights (for example, the percent of people in a county who are ill) which are aggregated from data collected by our Services.
All personal information obtained and maintained by Kinsa will be in compliance with applicable state and federal laws and regulations governing the security and confidentiality of such information.
Information Collected or Received
In operating our Services, we may collect and process the following types of information about you:
DATA
WHY
WHEN (examples)
Device information and product usage data
such as traffic data, IP address, device ID, cookies, or which pages you viewed or features you interacted with
To help identify and troubleshoot any technical or performance issues; to provide a seamless experience; for broad (not precise) location detection purposes
When you use our Services.
Cookies are only collected on our Website, not our App
Health data
such as temperature, symptoms, medications taken, diagnosis, time of incidence of the illness or symptoms, or treatment seeking behavior
To allow you to track your health history over time and to provide personalized illness guidance; to aggregate geographic illness trends; to use, solely in de-identifiable form, for research purposes to better understand the spread of infectious disease
When you use a Kinsa Smart Thermometer or enter information into our Services
Account information
such as e-mail address, username, or password
To allow you to back up your data and access it on multiple devices; to communicate with you
When you sign up to use our Services
Profile information
such as birthdate, gender, or name
To provide personalized illness guidance and a customized app experience; birthdate and gender may be used solely in de-identifiable form for research purposes to better understand the spread of infectious disease
When you create a user profile within the Services
Geolocation
To enable syncing of readings from the thermometer to the Services; to aggregate geographic illness trends; to use, solely in de-identifiable form, for research purposes to better understand the spread of infectious disease
If you permit our Services to access it
Relationships to people or places
such as which school your child attends or your place of employment
To manage program logistics such as delivering thermometers; to provide de-identified and aggregate information on the health situation at a certain location; to use, solely in de-identifiable form for research purposes to better understand the spread of infectious disease
If you sign up to participate in specific programs like Kinsa’s FLUency schools program or WellTogether program
Other information you may provide directly to Kinsa
For example, when you fill out forms, enter contests, or if you contact customer support
As necessary to fulfill your request
DATA
WHY
WHEN
(examples)
Device information and product usage data
such as traffic data, IP address, device ID, cookies, or which pages you viewed or features you interacted with
When you use our Services
To help identify and troubleshoot any technical or performance issues; to provide a seamless experience for users across sessions
Health data
such as temperature, symptoms, medications taken, diagnosis, time of incidence of the illness or symptoms, or treatment seeking behavior
When you use a Kinsa Smart Thermometer or enter information into our Services
To allow you to track your health history over time and to provide personalized illness guidance; to aggregate geographic illness trends; to use, solely in de-identifiable form, for research purposes
Account information
such as e-mail address, username, or password
When you sign up to use our Services
To allow you to back up your data and access it on multiple devices; to communicate with you
Profile information
such as birthdate, gender, or name
When you create a user profile within the Services
To provide personalized illness guidance and a customized app experience; birthdate and gender may be used solely in de-identifiable form, for research purposes
Geolocation
If you permit our Services to access it
To enable syncing of readings from the thermometer to the Services; to aggregate geographic illness trends; to use, solely in de-identifiable form, for research purposes
Relationships to people or places
such as which school your child attends or your place of employment
If you sign up to participate in specific programs like Kinsa’s FLUency schools program or WellTogether program
To manage program logistics such as delivering thermometers; to provide de-identified and aggregate information on the health situation at a certain location; to use, solely in de-identifiable form, for research purposes
Other information you may provide directly to Kinsa
For example, when you fill out forms or if you contact customer support
As necessary to fulfill your request
Data usage chart
Use of Personal Information
Kinsa collects personal information for two primary purposes:
Creating Aggregated Illness Signals:
Kinsa uses illness information to help track and curb the spread of disease. In particular we use illness information to generate aggregated “Illness Signals”, which help inform where and when illness is spreading. For example, our Illness Signals may indicate an estimated share of the population in a particular geography (e.g. county, state, etc.) that is sick with influenza-like illness.  We also use de-identified health data for research purposes to better predict and stop the spread of infectious disease.
Personalizing Your Kinsa Experience:
In our Services you can enter or share personal information (e.g. illness history, name, age, gender, location) in order to keep a record of you and/or your family’s health information over time and receive guidance on how severe an illness may be and what to do next. You can also create an account by entering your email address or user identifier, in order to access your data on multiple devices or in the event your device is lost or stolen.
In the event that you receive your Kinsa Smart Thermometer via your employer, health plan, health providers, or educational institution, our Services may recognize that your thermometer is associated with that particular entity and may provide customized guidance and resources. We will not share your health data nor your personal information with such entity without your explicit permission – and then only in limited or specified ways that you consent to.
We may send you communications through push notifications, email, and SMS relating to our products and Services.  You may opt-out of such notifications by changing the settings in the Services or on your device, or otherwise by contacting us as set forth below. In particular, you can opt-out from receiving marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each email. If you can sign-in to your Kinsa account, you may be able to change your communication preferences under the relevant section of the Services. You can opt-out of our SMS services by texting STOP or ARRET (Canada) to 24020.
Additionally, we may use personal information from or about you:
To provide you the Services, respond to your inquiries, and fulfill your requests;
In a de-identified form, in combination with other de-identified data collected from third-parties for research purposes; to better understand the spread of infectious disease;
To send you important information regarding our relationship with you or regarding our Services, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information; and
For our internal business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, research, developing new products or services, improving our Services, identifying Services usage trends, and determining the effectiveness of our Services.
How we Share or Disclose Information
Kinsa may share user information with third parties in the following scenarios:
To our third party service providers (e.g., Mixpanel, Crashlytics, Braze, and Google Analytics) who provide services such as website hosting and moderating, mobile application hosting, data analysis, infrastructure provision, IT services, email services, marketing services, auditing services, and other services, in order to enable them to provide services for us (one example is that we share email, profile name and age with a third party so that we can send personalized communications to users);
Kinsa may provide research institutions certain de-identified health data for research purposes to better predict and stop the spread of infectious disease (provided that we take reasonable steps to ensure such research institutions cannot personally identify the source of such health data);
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings);
If you opt-in to receiving offers or communications from any of our third-party partners, we will share your name, email, and title (if applicable) with such third-party partner so they may provide you with such offers or communications. We will only share your information with the specific third-party partner(s) you have opted-in for.  We may use this opt-in process with our FLUency school program, in which Kinsa thermometers and software are provided free of charge to participants (which include parents, school nurses and teachers) in an effort to reduce illness levels in school communities.  When you register as part of FLUency under this program you may be given an opportunity to receive certain offers and communications from the sponsoring organization helping us provide this program to the participants; or
If you opt-in to participate in our school programs (FLUency or Kinsa for Schools), we will share de-identified, aggregated symptom and diagnosis data with the school you have enrolled in and fellow school participants. In the event of limited program participation or limited symptoms or diagnoses reported, the aggregated data may only consist of the user’s de-identified data (example: 1 student has a fever today in the 4th grade at Kinsa Elementary School). Users may opt-out of our school program at any time via the mobile app settings.
If you opt-in to participate in our employer/organization program, we will share a de-identified, aggregated count of daily self-checks completed, self-checks resulting in a red light status, and fevers reported with the organization you have enrolled with. If applicable and if selected by the user, this data may be aggregated at the building or regional level. In the event of limited self checks completed or fevers reported, the aggregated data may only consist of the user’s de-identified data (example: 1 employee has a fever today in Building X). Users may opt-out of our employer/organization program at any time via the mobile app settings.
If you opt-in to share IDENTIFIABLE health data with an organization, the data specified at opt-in (examples: temperature values, self check red/green status results) will be shared with the organization you have enrolled with. Users may verify and opt-out of sharing identifiable data with an organization at any time via the mobile app settings.
We provide Illness Signals(aggregated illness data, not personal data) to third-parties to inform them when and where illness is spreading.
When we otherwise have your consent.
In addition, we use and disclose personal information collected through the Services as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) as required by applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with any legal process; (c) to enforce our Terms of Use; (d) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (e) to allow us to pursue available remedies at law.
All above categories in this Section exclude text messaging originator opt-in and consent; this information will not be shared with any third party.
How We Secure Your Information
Kinsa is committed to protecting all data according to applicable laws, regulations and security best practices. We have put in place reasonable and current security methods, including physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to prevent misuse, unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of your information.  However, Kinsa cannot eliminate all security risks, as mistakes and breaches may happen. Please use the instructions provided below to
contact us
with any questions.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits California residents to request from us certain information regarding the disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes within the immediately preceding calendar year.  A company may also comply with the law by disclosing in its privacy notice that it provides consumers choice (opt-out or opt-in) regarding sharing personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes (as we do), and information on how to exercise that choice.
If you are a California resident and you have questions about our practices with respect to sharing information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes and your ability to exercise choice, please send your request to us via the email address or the mailing address set forth below.  Please put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your email or include it in your writing if you choose to write to us at the designated mailing address. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
To the extent the California law is applicable to our collection of information that identifies or relates to you or your household, you as a user have the following rights:
Right to know:
Gives the user the right to request disclosure of information collected and shared, and the right to disclosure of categories of information sold by Kinsa. Please use the
contact information
below for inquiries.
Right to delete:
As a user you have the right to delete your user profile and associate personal information (name, email). Please use the
contact information
below for inquiries.
Right to opt-out:
Kinsa does not sell personal information (name, email) to third parties unless the user gives direct permission and consent. Please use the
contact information
below for inquiries.
Right to nondiscrimination:
Kinsa does not use any technology to profile a user or make decisions based on automated detection and data analyzed. Please use the
contact information
below for inquiries.
Your Privacy and Our Global Operations
Kinsa operates in multiple jurisdictions. We process data both inside and outside the United States and Europe and we may share your data among service providers based in countries other than your country of residence. Data entered in the Kinsa Services may be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States.
Safeguards in place to ensure an adequate level of data protection.
Information collected within the European Economic Area and Switzerland (“EU”) may be transferred, processed, or stored outside the EU as described in this Privacy Policy. If we transfer, process, or store personal information from the EU to or in a country outside the EU, we ensure that safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of data protection. These safeguards may be based on a determination by the European Commission or Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner that a country outside the EU has an adequate level of data protection, or on the use of model contract clauses approved by European Union or Swiss data protection authorities.
European Union Rights (GDPR)
This section applies only to our processing of personal data of EU country residents. It aims to provide increased transparency into our processing, retention, and transfer of EU resident personal data that is in line with the letter and spirit of the General Data Protection Regulation.
In the EU, “Personal Data” is defined very broadly and includes any information about a natural person, who can be identified, directly or indirectly, from data that we hold about them or from data that is combined with other information. EU data protection law requires us to have a legal basis before processing any Personal Data about you.
Our lawful basis for processing personal data covered by this Policy will depend on the purposes of the processing. To the extent we process personal data to provide services requested by you, our legal basis for that processing is that it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
When we are required to share personal data with law enforcement agencies or other governmental bodies, or we otherwise process personal data to comply with our legal obligations, we do so on the legal basis that we are under a legal obligation to do so.
We use consent as our basis for processing to the extent required by applicable law, or as we otherwise deem appropriate, for example, before we collect information from you through our app or hardware.
We also process personal data on the lawful basis that it is necessary for Kinsa’s legitimate business interests, which may include: providing, improving, and developing our products and services; communicating with and otherwise managing our relationship with you; enhancing the safety and security of our products, services, sites, employees, and others; and protecting Kinsa and our business partners from wrongful conduct.
In accordance with applicable laws in the European Union, you may have the following rights with respect to your personal data, which apply differently in different circumstances, and may be limited by local law: (i) right of access, (ii) right to correction, (iii) right to erasure, (iv) right to restriction of processing, (v) right to data portability, (vi) right to object to certain types of processing, and (vii) right to withdraw consent to certain types of processing. Most of these rights are not absolute. You may exercise these rights by submitting a request to us. Please note that we may ask for additional information to verify your request before responding to it.
Upon proper request, Kinsa will remove all personal data as required, but under GDPR Article 17 (3) (c) and (d) we will be keeping the aggregated data. All users of the Kinsa application have the right to update personal information and profiles within the application. Kinsa does not sell any personal information with third parties unless the user gives explicit consent. Please use the
contact information
below for inquiries.
Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country other than the one in which it was collected, including the United States. For example, we may store your data on a server in the United States because that is where a particular database is hosted; and that data may be “transferred” again for permitted processing. We perform such transfers using contractual protections that EU regulators have pre-approved to ensure your data is protected (known as model contract clauses).
While we hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information, the General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live, or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred.
You may contact Kinsa’s data protection officer regarding any issues related to processing of your personal information and to exercise your rights under applicable law regarding the processing of your personal information.
Contact Information:
Kinsa Health, LLC
382 NE 191st St, PMB 42782, Miami, FL 33179
How We Use Cookies
Cookies are only used on our Websites, not ourApp.
A “cookie” is a piece of text which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, this cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer. They help us and our affiliates to improve our Services and ensure that the content from our Services is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer.
Devices have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our Services.
The third parties who distribute or sell our Services may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click links from our Services or purchase and/or use our Services through other third party interfaces.
Your selection of the “Do Not Track” option provided by your browser may not have any effect on our collection of cookie information for analytic and internal purposes. The only way to completely opt out of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or device to delete and disable cookies and other tracking/recording tools. Please note, depending on your type of device or browser, it may not be possible to delete or disable all tracking mechanisms on your device.
We permit third-party partners to use the foregoing tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites when you use the Services. For example, we may use advertising services provided by third-party ad partners, such as Google, to market our service to you on other websites and online services. Through a process called “retargeting,” each service places a cookie on your browser when you visit the Services so that they can identify you and serve you ads on other sites around the web based on your browsing activity. We use third party analytics packages like Google Analytics and in some cases we share personal information with these services. We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our Services. To avoid use of this information for these third-party partners, you can change your browser settings to reject cookies or to notify you when cookies are set and you could select the Do Not Track option on your browser, though we have no control over and cannot confirm whether these third-party partners honor the Do Not Track browser signal. Additionally, many advertising companies are members of the NAI or DAA and/or provide opt outs on those industry pages at
networkadvertising.org/choices
or
aboutads.info/choices
. Users can set preferences for how Google and other third party advertisements using the Google Ad Settings page.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our Services may contain links to third party websites or services, hosted and operated by a company other than Kinsa. If you follow a link to any of those third-party websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies or processing of your personal information. Kinsa does not disclose or share personal information with third-party sites without your consent. If you disclose any information to a third-party after following a link to their services, this Privacy Policy no longer applies.
Compliance
Kinsa will use a self-assessment approach to verify compliance with this Privacy Policy and periodically verify that the Privacy Policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, implemented, and accessible. If you believe that your personal information has been processed or disclosed in violation of this Privacy Policy, Kinsa encourages you to raise any concerns using the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy. Kinsa will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information.
Your Preferences
Our mobile applications may ask you to share your location information with Kinsa. Note that this is the location reported from your phone’s operating system and typically utilizes your phone’s GPS system. You may be able to opt out of sharing your phone’s location services by changing the settings on your phone.
If you do not want to receive communications from Kinsa, you may opt out of further communications at any time. Please note that Kinsa can only comply with requests relating to communications provided by Kinsa. We will seek to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.
If applicable, and you would like to review, correct, update, or delete certain personal information that you have provided via the Services, please contact us. We will seek to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Minors
Our Services are designed and intended to be used by those who have reached 16 years of age. By using our Services, you affirm that you are at least 16 years of age or older. No one under age 16 is authorized to submit or post any information, including personal information, on our Services. Parents or guardians may use the Services on behalf of their child and in doing so share their child’s personal information with the Kinsa system, but a child under the age of 16 may not use the Services themselves. For clarity, consent must be given or authorized by the holder of parental responsibility over the child before providing personal information of a child below the age of 16 years.
Limited Use Disclosure
The use of information received from Health Connect will adhere to the HealthConnect Permissions policy, including the Limited Use requirements.
Updates to Our Policy
We reserve the right to change, add, modify or remove portions of our Privacy Policy at any time.  Any changes to our Privacy Policy will become effective immediately and communicated through our Services via the last updated date set forth above.  Please continue to check our Privacy Policy from time to time to learn about any changes to our privacy practices.
Contact Us
For all inquiries please contact us using the email or phone number provided below.
Email:
privacy@kinsahealth.com
Política de privacidad
LEA ESTA POLÍTICA DETENIDAMENTE ANTES DE UTILIZAR LOS SERVICIOS DE KINSA.
Fecha de la última actualización: 3 de junio de 2021
La protección de sus datos, privacidad e información personal es importante para Kinsa Inc. y nuestros afiliados (“Kinsa”, “nos”, “nosotros” o “nuestro”). En Kinsa, creemos firmemente que las empresas tienen la responsabilidad de ayudar a la sociedad, siempre que puedan hacerlo sin vulnerar la privacidad del usuario. Creemos que la propagación de enfermedades es uno de los mayores problemas que enfrenta el mundo y, para detenerla, debemos saber dónde y cuándo comienza. Creemos que los datos sobre enfermedades
completamente anonimizados
se deben usar para beneficiar a la sociedad, y que la información de identificación personal
no
se debe usar sin el consentimiento del usuario.
Esta Política de privacidad (“Política de privacidad”), junto con nuestros Términos de uso y condiciones, describe las prácticas de privacidad de Kinsa en lo que respecta a nuestros sitios web (“Sitios web”), termómetros inteligentes (“Termómetros Inteligentes”), aplicaciones móviles (“Aplicaciones”) y cualquier otro servicio en línea que Kinsa proporcione (conjuntamente, los “Servicios”). Lea atentamente esta Política de privacidad. Al aceptarla, o al acceder, visitar o utilizar los Servicios, usted acepta y autoriza las prácticas de recopilación y uso de datos que se describen en el presente documento.
Al utilizar los Servicios de Kinsa, se le pedirá que acepte y, cuando corresponda, que autorice las prácticas establecidas en esta Política.
Si proporciona información personal sobre otra persona, asegúrese de tener su consentimiento o la autoridad para hacerlo.
Sobre nosotros
Los Termómetros Inteligentes de Kinsa han sido clasificados como dispositivos médicos de clase II por la Administración de Alimentos y Medicamentos (Food and Drug Administration, FDA) de Estados Unidos. Están diseñados para medir la temperatura del cuerpo humano y son reutilizables para uso clínico o doméstico en personas de todas las edades. Kinsa también desarrolla y comparte información sobre la salud de la población (por ejemplo, el porcentaje de personas que están enfermas en un condado), la cual se integra a partir de los datos que recopilan nuestros Servicios.
Toda la información personal que Kinsa obtenga y mantenga cumplirá con las leyes y regulaciones estatales y federales que rijan en materia de seguridad y confidencialidad de la información.
Información recopilada o recibida
En la operación de nuestros Servicios, podemos recopilar y procesar los siguientes tipos de información sobre usted:
DATOS
CUÁNDO (ejemplos)
POR QUÉ
Información sobre el dispositivo y datos de uso del producto,
como datos de tráfico, dirección IP, ID del dispositivo, cookies, páginas que visitó o funciones con las que interactuó.
Cuando utiliza nuestros Servicios
‍
Las cookies solo se recopilan en nuestro sitio web, no en nuestra aplicación
Para ayudar a identificar y solucionar problemas técnicos o de rendimiento; para fines de detección de ubicación aproximada (no precisa)
Datos de salud,
como temperatura, síntomas, medicamentos tomados, diagnósticos, tiempo de incidencia de la enfermedad o síntomas, o comportamiento en lo que respecta a la búsqueda de tratamiento
Cuando utiliza un termómetro Inteligente Kinsa o ingresa información en nuestros Servicios
Para que usted pueda realizar un seguimiento de su historial médico a lo largo del tiempo y recibir un asesoramiento personalizado sobre enfermedades; para agregar tendencias geográficas de enfermedades; para usar los datos con fines de investigación, únicamente de forma anonimizada, y para comprender mejor la propagación de enfermedades infecciosas
Información de la cuenta,
como dirección de correo electrónico, nombre de usuario o contraseña
Cuando se registra para utilizar nuestros Servicios
Para que usted pueda hacer una copia de seguridad de sus datos y acceder a ellos en varios dispositivos; para comunicarnos con usted
Información de perfil,
como fecha de nacimiento, sexo o nombre
Cuando crea un perfil de usuario dentro de los Servicios
Para proporcionar una orientación personalizada sobre enfermedades y una experiencia personalizada en la aplicación; la fecha de nacimiento y el sexo pueden utilizarse únicamente de forma anonimizada para fines de investigación, y para comprender mejor la propagación de enfermedades infecciosas
Geolocalización
Si permite que nuestros Servicios tengan acceso a ella
Para permitir la sincronización de las lecturas del termómetro con los Servicios; para agregar tendencias geográficas de enfermedades; para usar los datos con fines de investigación, únicamente de forma anonimizada, y para comprender mejor la propagación de enfermedades infecciosas
Relaciones con personas o lugares,
como a qué escuela asiste su hijo o cuál es su lugar de trabajo
Cuando se inscribe para participar en programas específicos, como el programa de escuelas FLUency de Kinsa o el programa WellTogether
Para gestionar la logística del programa, como la entrega de termómetros; para proporcionar información no identificada y colectiva sobre la situación de salud en un lugar determinado; para usar los datos con fines de investigación, únicamente de forma anonimizada, y para comprender mejor la propagación de enfermedades infecciosas
Otra información que puede proporcionar directamente a Kinsa
Cuando completa formularios, participa en concursos o si se comunica con el Servicio de Atención al Cliente, por ejemplo
Para cumplir con su solicitud, según sea necesario
‍
Uso de su información personal
Kinsa recopila información personal para dos propósitos principales:
Elaborar señales de enfermedad integrales:
Kinsa utiliza información sobre enfermedades para rastrear y frenar la propagación de enfermedades. En particular, utilizamos la información sobre enfermedades para generar “señales de enfermedad” integrales, que ayudan a informar dónde y cuándo se está propagando una enfermedad. Por ejemplo, nuestras Señales de enfermedad pueden indicar una proporción estimada de la población en un lugar geográfico particular (condado, estado, etc.) que padece una enfermedad similar a la influenza. También utilizamos datos de salud no identificados con fines de investigación para predecir y detener mejor la propagación de enfermedades infecciosas.
Personalizar su experiencia Kinsa:
En nuestros Servicios, puede ingresar o compartir información personal (por ejemplo, historial de enfermedades, nombre, edad, sexo, ubicación) para mantener un registro de la información de salud suya o de su familia a lo largo del tiempo, y recibir un asesoramiento sobre la gravedad de una enfermedad y qué hacer a continuación. También puede crear una cuenta ingresando su dirección de correo electrónico o identificador de usuario, a fin de acceder a sus datos desde múltiples dispositivos o en caso de que pierda o le roben su dispositivo.
Si recibe el termómetro inteligente Kinsa a través de su empleador, plan de salud, proveedores de salud o institución educativa, nuestros Servicios pueden reconocer que su termómetro está asociado con esa entidad en particular y brindarle asesoramiento y recursos personalizados. No compartiremos sus datos de salud ni su información personal con dicha entidad sin su permiso explícito (y solo lo haremos en formas limitadas o específicas para las que usted dé su consentimiento).
Podemos comunicarnos enviándole notificaciones automáticas, correos electrónicos y mensajes de texto relacionados con nuestros productos y Servicios. Para no recibirlos, puede optar por cambiar la configuración en los Servicios o en su dispositivo, o comunicarse con nosotros tal como se establece a continuación. En el caso particular de los correos electrónicos relacionados con marketing, puede optar por no recibirlos siguiendo las instrucciones para cancelar la suscripción que se proporcionan en cada uno de ellos. Si puede iniciar sesión en su cuenta de Kinsa, es posible que tenga la opción de cambiar sus preferencias de comunicación en la sección correspondiente de los Servicios. Puede dejar de recibir nuestros servicios de SMS enviando el mensaje de texto STOP o ARRET (Canadá) al 24020.
Además, podemos utilizar información personal sobre usted:
Para brindarle los Servicios, responder a sus consultas y atender a sus solicitudes.
De forma no identificable, en combinación con otros datos anonimizados recopilados de terceros, con fines de investigación, y para comprender mejor la propagación de enfermedades infecciosas.
Para enviarle información importante con respecto a la relación que tenemos con usted o con respecto a nuestros Servicios, los cambios en nuestros términos, condiciones y políticas, u otra información administrativa.
Con fines comerciales internos, como el análisis de datos, las auditorías, la investigación, el desarrollo de nuevos productos o servicios, la mejora de nuestros Servicios, la identificación de tendencias de uso de Servicios y la determinación de la efectividad de nuestros Servicios.
Cómo compartimos o divulgamos información
Kinsa puede compartir información del usuario con terceros en las siguientes circunstancias:
Si nuestros proveedores externos (como Mixpanel, Crashlytics, Braze y Google Analytics) que brindan servicios de alojamiento y moderación de sitios web, alojamiento de aplicaciones móviles, análisis de datos, provisión de infraestructura, servicios de TI, correo electrónico, marketing y auditorías, entre otros, necesitan la información para brindar dichos servicios (a modo de ejemplo, compartimos el correo electrónico, el nombre del perfil y la edad de los usuarios con un tercero para poder enviar comunicaciones personalizadas).
Si las instituciones de investigación necesitan ciertos datos de salud anonimizados con fines de investigación para predecir y detener mejor la propagación de enfermedades infecciosas (siempre que tomemos medidas razonables para garantizar que tales instituciones de investigación no puedan identificar personalmente la fuente de dichos datos de salud).
Si tuviera lugar la reorganización, fusión, venta, creación de empresa conjunta, cesión, transferencia u otra disposición de la totalidad o una parte de nuestros negocios, activos o acciones (incluso, en relación con cualquier procedimiento de quiebra o similar).
Si opta por recibir ofertas o comunicaciones de cualquiera de nuestros socios externos, compartiremos su nombre, correo electrónico y cargo (si corresponde) con dicho socio externo para que pueda enviarle dichas ofertas o comunicaciones. Solo compartiremos su información con los socios externos específicos que haya elegido. Podemos utilizar este proceso de inclusión voluntaria con nuestro programa escolar FLUency, en el que los termómetros y el software Kinsa se proporcionan de forma gratuita a los participantes (incluidos los padres, las enfermeras escolares y los maestros) en un esfuerzo por reducir los niveles de enfermedad en las comunidades escolares. Cuando se registra en el programa FLUency, tiene la oportunidad de recibir ciertas ofertas y comunicaciones por parte de la organización patrocinadora que nos ayuda a ofrecer este programa a los participantes.
Si opta por participar en nuestros programas escolares (FLUency o Kinsa for Schools), compartiremos datos de diagnóstico y síntomas integrales anonimizados con la escuela en la que se inscribió y con los demás participantes de la escuela. En el caso de que la participación en el programa o los síntomas o diagnósticos informados sean limitados, los datos integrales pueden consistir solamente en los datos anonimizados del usuario (ejemplo: 1 estudiante tiene fiebre hoy en el cuarto grado de la Escuela Primaria Kinsa). Puede optar por no participar en nuestro programa escolar en cualquier momento a través de los ajustes de la aplicación móvil.
Si opta por participar en nuestro programa para empleadores/organizaciones, compartiremos un recuento integrado y anonimizado de los autocontroles diarios que complete, los autocontroles que deriven en un estado de luz roja y los informes de fiebre con la organización en la que se haya inscrito. Si corresponde, y si el usuario lo selecciona, estos datos pueden incorporarse a los del edificio o la región. En el caso de que los autocontroles o informes de fiebre sean limitados, los datos integrales pueden consistir solamente en los datos anonimizados del usuario (ejemplo: 1 empleado tiene fiebre hoy en el edificio X). Puede optar por no participar en nuestro programa de empleadores/organizaciones en cualquier momento a través de los ajustes de la aplicación móvil.
Si opta por compartir datos de salud a través de los cuales usted pueda ser IDENTIFICADO con una organización, la información que especifique (ejemplos: valores de temperatura, resultados de  autocontroles con estados de luz roja o verde) se compartirá con la organización en la que se inscribió. Podrá verificar los datos que permitan su identificación y optar por no compartirlos con una organización en cualquier momento, a través de los ajustes de la aplicación móvil.
Proporcionamos señales de la enfermedad (datos agregados sobre la enfermedad, no datos personales) a terceros para informarles de cuándo y dónde se está propagando la enfermedad.
Si tenemos su consentimiento, en cualquier otro caso.
Además, usamos y divulgamos la información personal recopilada a través de los Servicios como creemos que es necesario o adecuado: (a) para acatar los requerimientos de la ley vigente, incluidas las leyes que rigen fuera de su país de residencia; (b) para cumplir con cualquier proceso legal; (c) para hacer cumplir nuestros Términos de uso; (d) para proteger nuestros derechos, privacidad, seguridad o propiedad, o los intereses de nuestros afiliados, el usuario u otras personas; y (e) para poder interponer los recursos disponibles de acuerdo con la ley.
Todas las categorías anteriores de esta sección excluyen la opción y el consentimiento del emisor de mensajes de texto; esta información no se compartirá con ningún tercero.
Cómo protegemos su información
Kinsa se compromete a proteger todos los datos de acuerdo con las correspondientes leyes, regulaciones y mejores prácticas de seguridad. Hemos implementado métodos de seguridad razonables y actuales, que incluyen procedimientos físicos, electrónicos y administrativos diseñados para evitar instancias de uso o acceso indebidos, o la utilización o divulgación no autorizadas de su información. Sin embargo, Kinsa no puede eliminar todos los riesgos de seguridad, ya que pueden existir errores u omisiones. Utilice las instrucciones que se proporcionan a continuación para
comunicarse con nosotros
si tiene alguna pregunta.
Sus derechos de privacidad en California
La ley permite que los residentes de California nos soliciten ciertos datos con respecto a la divulgación a terceros de determinadas categorías de información personal para fines de marketing directo dentro del año calendario inmediatamente anterior. Las empresas también pueden cumplir con la ley especificando en su aviso de privacidad que permiten que los consumidores decidan (si quieren o no) compartir información personal para fines de marketing directo de terceros (tal como lo hacemos nosotros), y ofreciendo información acerca de cómo ejercer esa elección.
Si es residente de California y tiene preguntas sobre nuestras prácticas con respecto a la entrega de información a terceros para fines de marketing directo y su derecho a hacer valer su elección, envíenos su solicitud a través de la dirección de correo electrónico o la dirección postal que se indica a continuación. Ponga la frase “Sus derechos de privacidad en California” en el campo del asunto de su correo electrónico o inclúyala por escrito si decide escribirnos a la dirección postal designada. Debe registrar su nombre, dirección, ciudad, estado y código postal. No nos haremos responsables de las comunicaciones que no estén etiquetadas o enviadas correctamente, o que no tengan información completa.
Ley de Privacidad del Consumidor de California (California Consumer Privacy Act, CCPA)
En la medida en que la ley de California permita la recopilación de información que lo identifique o se relacione con usted o con su hogar, puede tener los siguientes derechos como usuario:
Derecho a saber:
Le otorga el derecho a solicitar la divulgación de la información recopilada y compartida, y el derecho a la divulgación de categorías de información que vende Kinsa. Para realizar consultas, utilice la
información de contacto
a continuación.
Derecho a eliminar:
Tiene derecho a eliminar su perfil de usuario e información personal asociada (nombre, correo electrónico). Para realizar consultas, utilice la
información de contacto
a continuación.
Derecho a no participar:
Kinsa no vende información personal (nombre, correo electrónico) a terceros, a menos que el usuario dé su permiso y consentimiento directos. Para realizar consultas, utilice la
información de contacto
a continuación.
Derecho a la no discriminación:
Kinsa no utiliza ninguna tecnología para describir el perfil de un usuario o tomar decisiones basadas en la detección automatizada y los datos analizados. Para realizar consultas, utilice la
información de contacto
a continuación.
Su privacidad y nuestras operaciones globales
Kinsa opera en múltiples jurisdicciones. Procesamos datos tanto dentro como fuera de los Estados Unidos y Europa, y podemos compartirlos entre proveedores de servicios ubicados en países en los que usted no reside. Los datos ingresados en los Servicios de Kinsa pueden transferirse, procesarse y almacenarse en los Estados Unidos.
Se han implementado medidas de seguridad para garantizar un nivel adecuado de protección de datos.
La información recopilada dentro del Espacio Económico Europeo y Suiza (Unión Europea, “UE”) puede transferirse, procesarse o almacenarse fuera de la UE, tal como se describe en esta Política de privacidad. Si transferimos, procesamos o almacenamos información personal desde la UE en un país fuera de la UE o para uno de ellos, nos aseguramos de que existan medidas de seguridad para garantizar un nivel adecuado de protección de datos. Estas medidas de seguridad pueden basarse: en una determinación de la Comisión Europea o del Comisionado Federal de Protección de Datos e Información de Suiza que sostiene que un país fuera de la UE tiene un nivel adecuado de protección de datos; o bien, en el uso de cláusulas contractuales modelo aprobadas por las autoridades competentes de la Unión Europea o Suiza.
Derechos en la Unión Europea (RGPD)
Esta sección se aplica únicamente al procesamiento que hacemos de los datos personales de los residentes en la UE. Su objetivo es ofrecer una mayor transparencia en nuestro procesamiento, conservación y transferencia de datos personales de residentes de la UE, y cumplir con el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos.
El responsable del tratamiento de los datos personales contemplados en esta sección es Kinsa Inc, 535 Mission St., 18th Floor, San Francisco, California, 94105, EE. UU.
En la UE, “datos personales” se define de manera muy amplia e incluye cualquier información sobre una persona física que pueda identificarse, directa o indirectamente, a partir de los datos que tenemos sobre ella o de los datos combinados con otra información. La ley de protección de datos de la UE requiere que tengamos una base legal antes de procesar cualquier Dato personal sobre usted.
Nuestro fundamento jurídico para el procesamiento de los datos personales cubiertos por esta Política dependerá de los fines de tal procesamiento. En la medida en que procesamos sus datos personales para proporcionarle los servicios que nos solicita, nuestro fundamento radica en que se trata de una práctica necesaria para permitir la ejecución de un contrato con usted.
Cuando se nos exige que compartamos los datos personales con las fuerzas del orden u otros organismos gubernamentales, o de otro modo procesamos datos personales para cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales, lo hacemos porque tenemos la obligación legal de hacerlo.
Utilizamos el consentimiento como fundamento para el procesamiento en la medida en que lo exija la legislación aplicable, o cuando lo consideremos oportuno, por ejemplo, antes de recopilar información sobre usted a través de nuestra aplicación o hardware.
También procesamos datos personales con el fundamento jurídico de que es necesario para los intereses comerciales legítimos de Kinsa, los cuales pueden incluir: proporcionar, mejorar y desarrollar nuestros productos y servicios; comunicarnos con usted y gestionar de otro modo nuestra relación con usted; mejorar la seguridad de nuestros productos, servicios, sitios, empleados y otros; y proteger a Kinsa y a nuestros socios comerciales frente a conductas ilícitas.
De acuerdo con la legislación aplicable en la Unión Europea, usted puede tener los siguientes derechos con respecto a sus datos personales, que se aplican de manera diferente en distintas circunstancias, y pueden estar limitados por la legislación local: (i) derecho de acceso, (ii) derecho de rectificación, (iii) derecho de supresión, (iv) derecho a la limitación del procesamiento, (v) derecho a la portabilidad de los datos, (vi) derecho a oponerse a determinados tipos de procesamiento, y (vii) derecho a retirar el consentimiento para determinados tipos de procesamiento. La mayoría de estos derechos no son absolutos. Para ejercerlos, debe presentarnos una solicitud. Tenga en cuenta que podemos pedirle información adicional para verificar su solicitud antes de responder a ella.
Si se solicita debidamente, Kinsa eliminará todos los datos personales según sea necesario, pero en virtud del artículo 17 (3) (c) y (d) del RGPD, conservaremos los datos agregados. Todos los usuarios de la aplicación Kinsa tienen derecho a actualizar la información personal y los perfiles dentro de la aplicación. Kinsa no vende ninguna información personal a terceros a menos que el usuario dé su consentimiento explícito. Utilice la
información
de contacto que aparece a continuación para realizar consultas.
Su información personal puede ser transferida a otro país, o almacenada y procesada en un país distinto de aquel en el que fue recopilada, incluyendo los Estados Unidos. Por ejemplo, podemos almacenar sus datos en un servidor de Estados Unidos porque es allí donde se aloja una determinada base de datos; y esos datos pueden ser “transferidos”para el procesamiento permitido. Llevamos a cabo estas transferencias utilizando protecciones contractuales que los reguladores de la UE han aprobado previamente para garantizar la protección de sus datos (conocidas como cláusulas contractuales modelo).
Si bien esperamos poder resolver cualquier duda o preocupación que usted plantee sobre el uso que hacemos de su información, el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos también le da derecho a presentar una queja ante una autoridad supervisora, particularmente en el Estado de la Unión Europea (o del Espacio Económico Europeo) en el que trabaja, vive normalmente o en el que se haya producido cualquier presunta infracción de las leyes de protección de datos.
Puede comunicarse con el responsable de protección de datos de Kinsa para pedir asesoramiento con respecto a cualquier asunto relacionado con el procesamiento de su información personal y para ejercer sus derechos en virtud de la ley correspondiente al procesamiento de su información personal.
Información de contacto:
ATTN: Data Protection Officer/Responsable de protección de datos
Kinsa Inc.
535 Mission Street, 18th floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
dpo@kinsahealth.co
Cómo utilizamos las cookies
Las cookies solo se utilizan en nuestros Sitios web, no en nuestra Aplicación.
Una “cookie” es un fragmento de texto que solicita permiso para almacenarse en el disco duro de su computadora, y lo hace una vez que usted lo autoriza. Las cookies permiten que nosotros y nuestras afiliadas mejoremos nuestros Servicios y garanticemos que nuestros contenidos se presenten de la manera más eficaz para usted y su computadora.
Los dispositivos tienen la capacidad de rechazar las cookies. Esto se puede hacer activando la opción en su navegador que le permite rechazar las cookies. Tenga en cuenta que, si elige rechazar las cookies, es posible que no pueda acceder a determinadas partes de nuestros Servicios.
Los terceros que distribuyen o venden nuestros Servicios también pueden utilizar cookies, sobre las cuales no tenemos control. Dichas cookies (si se usan) se descargarán una vez que haga clic en los enlaces de nuestros Servicios, o compre o use nuestros Servicios a través de interfaces de terceros.
Es posible que seleccionar la opción “No rastrear” en su navegador no tenga ningún efecto cuando recopilamos información de cookies para fines analíticos e internos. La única forma de excluirse por completo de la recopilación de información a través de cookies u otra tecnología de seguimiento es administrar activamente la configuración de su navegador o dispositivo para eliminar y deshabilitar las cookies y otras herramientas de seguimiento o registro. Tenga en cuenta que, dependiendo del tipo de dispositivo o navegador que use, puede que no sea posible eliminar o deshabilitar todos los mecanismos de seguimiento.
Permitimos que terceros asociados utilicen las tecnologías de rastreo mencionadas para recopilar información sobre sus actividades de navegación durante el transcurso del tiempo y en diferentes sitios web cuando usted utiliza los Servicios. Por ejemplo, podemos utilizar servicios de publicidad proporcionados por socios publicitarios de terceros, como Google, para comercializar nuestro servicio en otros sitios web y servicios en línea. A través de un proceso llamado “retargeting”, cada servicio coloca una cookie en su navegador cuando visita los Servicios para poder identificarle y ofrecerle anuncios en otros sitios de la Web en función de su actividad de navegación. Utilizamos paquetes de análisis de terceros, como Google Analytics, y en algunos casos compartimos información personal con estos servicios. Nosotros, junto con proveedores de terceros como Google, utilizamos cookies de origen (como las cookies de Google Analytics) y cookies de terceros (como la cookie de DoubleClick) u otros identificadores de terceros para recopilar datos relativos a las interacciones de los usuarios con las impresiones de anuncios y otras funciones de servicios publicitarios en relación con nuestros Servicios. Para evitar el uso de esta información por parte de estos socios terceros, usted puede cambiar la configuración de su navegador para rechazar las cookies o para que se le notifique cuando se instalen cookies, y podría seleccionar la opción Do Not Track en su navegador, aunque no tenemos ningún control y no podemos confirmar si estos socios terceros respetan la señal del navegador Do Not Track. Además, muchas empresas de publicidad son miembros de la NAI o de la DAA y/o proporcionan opciones de exclusión en esas páginas del sector en
networkadvertising.org/choices
o
aboutads.info/choices
. Los usuarios pueden establecer sus preferencias sobre la forma en que Google y otros anuncios de terceros utilizan la página de configuración de anuncios de Google.
Enlaces a sitios de terceros
Nuestros Servicios pueden contener enlaces a sitios web o servicios de terceros, alojados y operados por una empresa que no sea Kinsa. Si sigue un enlace hacia cualquiera de esos sitios web de terceros, tenga en cuenta que tienen sus propias políticas de privacidad y que no asumimos ninguna responsabilidad por sus políticas ni por su procesamiento de su información personal. Kinsa no divulga ni comparte información personal con sitios de terceros sin que usted dé su consentimiento. Si divulga información a un tercero después de seguir un enlace hacia sus servicios, esta Política de privacidad ya no se aplicará.
Cumplimiento
Kinsa utilizará un enfoque de autoevaluación para verificar el cumplimiento de esta Política de privacidad y comprobar periódicamente que sea precisa, que sea completa en relación con la información que pretende abarcar, que se muestre de manera destacada, que se implemente y que sea accesible. Si cree que su información personal se procesó o divulgó de forma diferente a lo dispuesto en esta Política de privacidad, Kinsa lo anima a exponer sus inquietudes utilizando la información de contacto que se proporciona en el presente documento. Kinsa investigará e intentará resolver los reclamos y disputas relacionados con el uso y la divulgación de información personal.
Sus preferencias
Nuestras aplicaciones móviles pueden pedirle que comparta su información de ubicación con Kinsa. Tenga en cuenta que se trata de la ubicación que informa el sistema operativo de su teléfono, que generalmente es el que utiliza el sistema GPS. Quizás pueda optar por no compartir estos datos cambiando la configuración de su teléfono.
Si no desea recibir comunicaciones de Kinsa, puede elegir esa opción en cualquier momento. Tenga en cuenta que Kinsa solo puede cumplir con las solicitudes relacionadas con las comunicaciones que dicha empresa proporciona. Trataremos de cumplir con su(s) solicitud(es) tan pronto como sea razonablemente posible.
Si corresponde y desea revisar, corregir, actualizar o eliminar cierta información personal que proporcionó a través de los Servicios, comuníquese con nosotros. Trataremos de cumplir con su solicitud tan pronto como sea razonablemente posible.
Menores de edad
Nuestros Servicios están diseñados y destinados a personas que hayan cumplido los 16 años de edad. Al utilizar nuestros Servicios, usted afirma que tiene al menos 16 años de edad o más. Ninguna persona menor de 16 años está autorizada a enviar o publicar información, incluida la información personal, en nuestros Servicios. Los padres o tutores pueden usar los Servicios en nombre de su hijo(a) y compartir dicha información personal con el sistema Kinsa; pero un(a) niño(a) menor de 16 años no puede hacerlo por sí mismo(a). Para mayor claridad, la persona que sea legalmente responsable del(de la) niño(a) debe autorizar o dar el consentimiento antes de proporcionar la información personal de un(a) menor de 16 años.
Actualizaciones de nuestra política
Nos reservamos el derecho de cambiar, agregar, modificar o eliminar partes de nuestra Política de privacidad en cualquier momento. Cualquier cambio en nuestra Política de privacidad entrará en vigencia de inmediato y se comunicará a través de nuestros Servicios, en la fecha de la última actualización establecida anteriormente. Continúe revisando nuestra Política de privacidad de vez en cuando para conocer cualquier cambio que se produzca en nuestras prácticas de privacidad.
Contacto
En caso de tener cualquier consulta, póngase en contacto con nosotros escribiendo al correo electrónico o llamando al número de teléfono que se indican a continuación.
Correo electrónico:
privacy@kinsahealth.com
Teléfono:
(+1) 917-426-3860
Politique de confidentialité
VEUILLEZ LIRE ATTENTIVEMENT CETTE POLITIQUE AVANT D'UTILISER LES SERVICES KINSA.
Date de la dernière mise à jour: Le 3 juin 2021
La protection de vos données, de votre vie privée et de vos renseignements personnels est importante pour Kinsa Inc. et ses sociétés affiliées (« Kinsa », « nous », « nos » ou « notre »). Chez Kinsa, nous croyons fermement que les entreprises ont une responsabilité sociale envers la société, à condition que la confidentialité des utilisateurs reste protégée. Nous pensons que la propagation des maladies est l'un des plus grands problèmes qui touche le monde et pour les arrêter, nous devons savoir où et quand elles prennent source. Nous pensons que des données
entièrement anonymisées
doivent être utilisées au profit de la société et que les renseignements permettant d'identifier une personne
ne doivent pas être utilisés
sans la permission de l'utilisateur.
La présente politique de confidentialité (« Politique de Confidentialité »), ainsi que nos Conditions d'Utilisation, décrivent les pratiques de confidentialité de Kinsa en ce qui concerne nos sites Web (« Sites Web »), thermomètres intelligents (« Thermomètres Intelligents »), applications mobiles (« Applications ») et tout autre service en ligne que Kinsa peut fournir (collectivement, les « Services »). Veuillez lire attentivement la présente Politique de Confidentialité. En acceptant cette Politique de confidentialité ou en accédant aux Services, en les visitant ou en les utilisant, vous reconnaissez avoir lu et acceptez les pratiques décrites dans cette Politique de Confidentialité pour l'utilisation et la collecte des données.
Lors de l'utilisation des Services Kinsa, il vous sera demandé de prendre connaissance des pratiques énoncées dans la présente politique et, le cas échéant, de donner votre consentement à de telles pratiques.
Si vous fournissez des renseignements personnels sur une autre personne, assurez-vous d'avoir son consentement ou d'avoir le droit de fournir ces renseignements.
À propos de nous
Les Thermomètres Intelligents de Kinsa sont réglementés comme des dispositifs médicaux de classe II par le Secrétariat américain aux produits alimentaires et pharmaceutiques (
Food and Drug Administration ou FDA
). Les thermomètres intelligents de Kinsa sont destinés à mesurer la température du corps humain et sont réutilisables dans un contexte médical ou domestique, pour des personnes de tous âges. Kinsa développe et partage également des informations sur la santé de la population (par exemple, le pourcentage de personnes malades dans une région) qui sont agrégées à partir des données collectées par nos Services.
Tous les renseignements personnels obtenus et conservés par Kinsa seront conformes aux lois et réglementations provinciales et fédérales applicables régissant la sécurité et la confidentialité de ces renseignements.
Renseignements collectés ou reçus
Dans le cadre de l'exploitation de nos Services, nous pouvons collecter et traiter les types de renseignements suivants vous concernant:
DONNÉES
QUAND (exemples)
POURQUOI
Informations sur l'appareil et données d'utilisation du produit
telles que les données de trafic, l'adresse IP, l'ID de l'appareil, les témoins ou
cookies
, les pages que vous avez consultées ou les fonctionnalités avec lesquelles vous avez interagi
Pour aider à identifier et à résoudre tout problème technique ou de performance; pour offrir une expérience transparente; à des fins de détection de localisation générale (sans précision)
Lorsque vous utilisez nos Services.
Les témoins (ou
cookies
) ne sont collectés que sur notre Site Web, pas via notre Application.
Données de santé
telles que la température, les symptômes, les médicaments que vous prenez, le diagnostic, le moment de l'incidence de la maladie ou des symptômes, ou le comportement de recherche de traitement
Pour vous permettre de suivre vos antécédents médicaux au fil du temps et de fournir des conseils personnalisés sur la maladie; pour agréger les tendances géographiques des maladies; pour utiliser les données à des fins de recherche, uniquement sous une forme anonyme, pour mieux comprendre la propagation des maladies infectieuses
Lorsque vous utilisez un thermomètre intelligent Kinsa ou que vous saisissez des données dans nos Services
Informations de compte
telles que votre adresse de courriel, votre nom d'utilisateur ou votre mot de passe
Pour vous permettre de sauvegarder vos données et d'y accéder sur plusieurs appareils; pour communiquer avec vous
Quand vous vous inscrivez à nos Services
Informations de profil
telles que votre date de naissance, votre sexe ou votre nom
Pour vous fournir des conseils personnalisés sur la maladie et une expérience personnalisée; votre date de naissance et votre sexe peuvent être utilisés uniquement sous une forme anonymisée à des fins de recherche afin de mieux comprendre la propagation des maladies infectieuses
Quand vous créez un profil dans nos Services
Géolocalisation
Pour synchroniser les lectures du thermomètre avec les Services; pour agréger les tendances géographiques des maladies; pour utiliser les données à des fins de recherche, uniquement sous une forme anonyme, pour mieux comprendre la propagation des maladies infectieuses
Si vous autorisez nos Services à y accéder
Relations avec des personnes ou des lieux
tels que l'école que fréquente votre enfant ou votre lieu de travail
Pour gérer la logistique du programme, comme la livraison des thermomètres; pour fournir des données anonymisées et agrégées sur la situation sanitaire à un certain endroit; pour utiliser les données à des fins de recherche, uniquement sous une forme anonyme, pour mieux comprendre la propagation des maladies infectieuses
Si vous vous inscrivez pour participer à des programmes spécifiques comme le programme FLUency de Kinsa pour les écoles ou le programme WellTogether
Autres renseignements que vous fourniriez directement à Kinsa
Par exemple, lorsque vous remplissez des formulaires, participez à des concours ou si vous communiquez avec le service à la clientèle
Au besoin, pour répondre à votre demande
‍
Utilisation de vos renseignements personnels
Kinsa collecte des renseignements personnels à deux fins principales:
Pour agréger les signaux des maladies:
Kinsa utilise l'information concernant les maladies pour aider à suivre et à freiner la propagation des maladies. En particulier, nous utilisons l'information concernant les maladies pour générer des « Signaux de Maladie » agrégés, qui aident à indiquer où et quand une maladie se propage. Par exemple, nos Signaux de Maladie peuvent indiquer une proportion estimée de la population dans une zone géographique particulière (par exemple, une région, une province, etc.) qui souffre d'un syndrome grippal. Nous utilisons également des données de santé anonymisées à des fins de recherche afin de mieux prévoir et arrêter la propagation des maladies infectieuses.
Pour personnaliser votre expérience avec Kinsa:
dans nos Services, vous pouvez saisir ou partager des renseignements personnels (par exemple, vos antécédents de maladie, votre nom, votre âge, votre sexe, votre lieu de résidence) pour conserver une trace de vos données de santé ou de celles de votre famille au fil du temps et recevoir des conseils sur la gravité d'une maladie et savoir comment donner suite. Vous pouvez également créer un compte en saisissant votre adresse de courriel ou votre identifiant d'utilisateur pour accéder à vos données sur plusieurs appareils ou en cas de perte ou de vol de votre appareil.
Dans le cas où vous recevez votre Thermomètre Intelligent Kinsa via votre employeur, votre régime de soins médicaux, vos prestataires de soins de santé ou votre établissement d'enseignement, nos Services peuvent savoir que votre thermomètre est associé à cette entité particulière et peuvent fournir des ressources et des conseils personnalisés. Nous ne partagerons pas vos données de santé ni vos renseignements personnels avec une telle entité sans votre autorisation explicite et uniquement de la manière limitée ou spécifiée à laquelle vous consentez.
Nous pouvons vous envoyer des communications concernant nos produits et Services via des notifications poussées, des courriels et des messages textes. Vous pouvez choisir de ne pas recevoir ces notifications en modifiant les paramètres dans les Services ou sur votre appareil, ou autrement en nous contactant comme indiqué ci-dessous. En particulier, vous pouvez refuser de recevoir des courriels liés au marketing en suivant les consignes de désabonnement fournies dans chaque courriel. Si vous pouvez vous connecter à votre compte Kinsa, vous pourrez peut-être modifier vos préférences de communication dans la section correspondante des Services. Vous pouvez vous désabonner de nos Services de messagerie texte en envoyant le message texte STOP ou ARRET (Canada) au 24020.
De plus, nous pouvons utiliser des renseignements personnels provenant de vous ou vous concernant:
1.	pour vous fournir les Services, répondre à vos questions et traiter vos demandes;
2.	sous une forme anonymisée, en combinaison avec d'autres données anonymisées collectées auprès de tiers à des fins de recherche pour mieux comprendre la propagation des maladies infectieuses;
3.	pour vous envoyer des informations importantes concernant notre relation avec vous ou concernant nos Services, les modifications de nos conditions et politiques et/ou d'autres informations administratives; et
4.	à des fins commerciales internes, telles que l'analyse de données, les audits, la recherche, le développement de nouveaux produits ou services, l'amélioration de nos Services, l'identification des tendances d'utilisation des Services et l'évaluation de l'efficacité de nos Services.
Comment nous partageons ou divulguons les renseignements
Kinsa peut partager des renseignements sur ses utilisateurs avec des tiers dans les scénarios suivants:
à nos fournisseurs de services tiers (par exemple, Mixpanel, Crashlytics, Braze et Google Analytics) qui fournissent des services tels que l'hébergement et la modération de sites Web, l'hébergement d'applications mobiles, l'analyse de données, la fourniture d'infrastructures, les services informatiques, les services de messagerie, les services marketing, les services d'audit et d'autres services, afin de leur permettre de nous fournir des services (par exemple, nous partageons l'adresse de courriel, le nom du profil et l'âge avec un tiers pour que nous puissions envoyer à un utilisateur des communications personnalisées);
Kinsa peut fournir aux institutions de recherche certaines données de santé anonymisées à des fins de recherche afin de mieux prédire et arrêter la propagation des maladies infectieuses (à condition que nous prenions des mesures raisonnables pour garantir que ces institutions de recherche ne puissent pas identifier personnellement la source de ces données de santé);
à un tiers en cas de réorganisation, fusion, vente, coentreprise, cession, transfert ou autre disposition de la totalité ou d'une partie de nos activités, actifs ou actions (y compris dans le cadre d'une faillite ou d'une procédure similaire);
si vous acceptez de recevoir des offres ou des communications de l'un de nos partenaires tiers, nous partagerons votre nom, votre adresse de courriel et votre titre (le cas échéant) avec ce partenaire tiers afin qu'il puisse vous fournir de telles offres ou communications. Nous ne partagerons vos renseignements qu'avec les partenaires tiers spécifiques pour lesquels vous avez donné votre accord. Nous pouvons utiliser ce processus pour notre programme scolaire FLUency, dans lequel des thermomètres et des logiciels Kinsa sont fournis gratuitement aux participants (qui comprennent les parents, les infirmières scolaires et les enseignants) dans le but de réduire l'étendue de la maladie dans les communautés scolaires; lorsque vous vous inscrivez à FLUency dans le cadre de ce programme, vous pouvez avoir la possibilité de recevoir certaines offres et communications de l'organisation commanditaire qui nous aide à proposer ce programme aux participants; ou
si vous choisissez de participer à nos programmes scolaires (FLUency ou Kinsa for Schools), nous partagerons des données anonymisées et agrégées sur les symptômes et le diagnostic avec l'école dans laquelle vous vous êtes inscrit et les autres participants de l'école. En cas de participation limitée au programme ou de signalement limité de symptômes ou de diagnostics, les données agrégées peuvent uniquement être les données anonymisées de l'utilisateur (exemple: 1 élève a de la fièvre aujourd'hui en 4e année à l'école primaire de Kinsa). Les utilisateurs peuvent se désinscrire de notre programme scolaire à tout moment via les paramètres de l'application mobile.
si vous choisissez de participer à notre programme employeur/organisation, nous partagerons un décompte anonymisé et agrégé d'autocontrôles effectués quotidiennement, d'autocontrôles entraînant un statut de feu rouge et de fièvres signalées dans l'organisation avec laquelle vous êtes inscrit. Le cas échéant et au choix de l'utilisateur, ces données peuvent être agrégées au niveau du bâtiment ou de la région. En cas d'autocontrôles limités réalisés ou de signalements limités de fièvre, les données agrégées peuvent uniquement être les données anonymisées de l'utilisateur (exemple: 1 employé a de la fièvre aujourd'hui dans le bâtiment X). Les utilisateurs peuvent se désinscrire de notre programme employeur/organisation à tout moment via les paramètres de l'application mobile.
si vous choisissez de partager des données de santé IDENTIFIABLES avec une organisation, les données entrées lors de l'inscription (exemples: valeurs de température, résultats de l'état rouge/vert de l'autocontrôle) seront partagées avec l'organisation avec laquelle vous vous êtes inscrit. Les utilisateurs peuvent vérifier et refuser de partager des données identifiables avec une organisation à tout moment via les paramètres de l'application mobile;
nous fournissons des Signaux de Maladie (données de maladie agrégées, mais aucune donnée personnelle) à des tiers pour les informer de quand et où la maladie se propage;
lorsque nous avons autrement votre consentement.
En outre, nous utilisons et divulguons les renseignements personnels collectés via les Services comme nous le jugeons nécessaire ou approprié: (a) tel que requis par la loi applicable, y compris les lois en dehors de votre pays de résidence; (b) pour nous conformer à toute procédure légale; (c) pour faire appliquer nos Conditions d'Utilisation; (d) pour protéger nos droits, notre vie privée, notre sécurité ou nos biens, et/ou ceux de nos sociétés affiliées, les vôtres ou ceux d'autres personnes; et (e) pour nous permettre d'exercer les recours disponibles en droit.
Toutes les catégories ci-dessus dans cette Section excluent l'acceptation et le consentement de l'expéditeur d'un message texte; ces renseignements ne seront partagés avec aucun tiers.
Comment nous protégeons vos données
Kinsa s'engage à protéger toutes les données conformément aux lois, réglementations et meilleures pratiques de sécurité applicables. Nous avons mis en place des méthodes de sécurité raisonnables et actuelles, y compris des procédures physiques, électroniques et organisationnelles conçues pour empêcher l'utilisation abusive, l'accès non autorisé, l'utilisation ou la divulgation de vos données. Cependant, Kinsa ne peut pas éliminer tous les risques de sécurité, car des erreurs et des violations peuvent se produire. Veuillez utiliser les consignes fournies ci-dessous pour
nous contacter
en cas de questions.
Vos droits de confidentialité en Californie
La loi californienne autorise les résidents californiens à nous demander certains renseignements concernant la divulgation de certaines catégories de renseignements personnels à des tiers à des fins de marketing direct au cours de l'année civile précédente. Une entreprise peut également se conformer à la loi en divulguant dans son avis de confidentialité qu'elle offre aux consommateurs le choix (option de refuser ou d'accepter) concernant le partage de renseignements personnels avec des tiers à des fins de marketing direct par ceux-ci (comme nous le faisons) et l'information sur comment exercer ce choix.
Si vous résidez en Californie et que vous avez des questions sur nos pratiques en matière de partage de renseignements avec des tiers à des fins de marketing direct ou sur votre capacité à exercer votre choix, veuillez nous envoyer votre demande via l'adresse de courriel ou l'adresse postale indiquées ci-dessous. Veuillez inscrire « Vos droits de confidentialité en Californie » dans le champ d'objet de votre courriel ou inclure cet énoncé dans le texte que vous nous faites parvenir à l'adresse postale indiquée. Vous devez inclure votre nom, votre adresse, votre ville, votre province et votre code postal. Nous ne sommes pas responsables des envois qui ne sont pas étiquetés ou envoyés correctement, ou qui ne contiennent pas l'information complète.
Loi californienne sur la protection de la vie privée des consommateurs (California Consumer Privacy Act, CCPA)
Dans la mesure où la loi californienne nous permet de recueillir des données qui vous identifient ou identifient votre foyer ou qui sont liées à vous ou à votre foyer, en tant qu'utilisateur, vous disposez des droits suivants:
Droit de savoir:
Vous avez le droit de demander la divulgation des données collectées et partagées, et le droit de connaître les catégories d'informations vendues par Kinsa. Si vous avez des questions, utilisez les
coordonnées
ci-dessous.
Droit de suppression:
En tant qu'utilisateur, vous pouvez supprimer votre profil et les renseignements personnels qui y sont associés (nom, adresse de courriel). Si vous avez des questions, utilisez les
coordonnées
ci-dessous.
Droit de refus:
Kinsa ne vend pas de renseignements personnels (nom, adresse de courriel) à des tiers à moins que l'utilisateur n'ait donné son autorisation et son consentement directs. Si vous avez des questions, utilisez les
coordonnées
ci-dessous.
Droit à la non-discrimination:
Kinsa n'utilise aucune technologie pour faire le profil des utilisateurs ou prendre des décisions basées sur une détection automatisée et des données analysées. Si vous avez des questions, utilisez les
coordonnées
ci-dessous.
Votre vie privée et nos opérations mondiales
Kinsa se trouve dans plusieurs régions du monde. Nous traitons les données à la fois à l'intérieur et à l'extérieur des États-Unis et de l'Europe et nous pouvons partager vos données avec des fournisseurs de services basés dans des pays autres que votre pays de résidence. Les données saisies dans les Services Kinsa peuvent être transférées, traitées et stockées aux États-Unis.
Mesures de sécurité en place pour garantir un niveau adéquat de protection des données
Les données collectées au sein de l'Espace économique européen et de la Suisse (« UE ») peuvent être transférées, traitées ou stockées en dehors de l'UE, comme décrit dans la présente Politique de confidentialité. Si nous transférons, traitons ou stockons des renseignements personnels en provenance de l'UE vers ou dans un pays en dehors de l'UE, nous nous assurons que des mesures de sécurité sont en place pour garantir un niveau adéquat de protection des données. Ces mesures de sécurité peuvent être basées sur une décision de la Commission européenne ou du Préposé fédéral à la protection des données et à la transparence qu'un pays en dehors de l'UE dispose d'un niveau adéquat de protection des données, ou sur l'utilisation de clauses contractuelles types approuvées par l'Union européenne ou les autorités suisses responsables de la protection des données.
Droits de l'Union européenne (RGPD)
Cette section s'applique uniquement à notre traitement des données personnelles des résidents des pays de l'UE. Elle vise à fournir une transparence accrue dans notre traitement, conservation et transfert des données personnelles des résidents de l'UE qui est conforme à la lettre et à l'esprit du Règlement général sur la protection des données.
Kinsa Inc., 535 Mission St., 18th Floor, San Francisco, California, 94105, États-Unis est le responsable du traitement des Données personnelles décrites dans la présente section.
Dans l'UE, les « Données Personnelles » sont définies de manière très large et incluent toute information sur une personne physique, qui peut être identifiée, directement ou indirectement, à partir des données que nous détenons à son sujet ou à partir de données combinées avec d'autres renseignements. La loi de l'UE sur la protection des données nous oblige à disposer d'une base légale avant de traiter des Données Personnelles vous concernant.
Notre base légale pour le traitement des données personnelles énoncé dans la présente politique dépendra des finalités du traitement. Dans la mesure où nous traitons les données personnelles pour fournir les services que vous avez demandés, notre base juridique pour ce traitement est qu'il est nécessaire à l'exécution d'un contrat avec vous.
Lorsque nous sommes tenus de partager des données personnelles avec des organismes chargés de l'application de la loi ou d'autres organismes gouvernementaux, ou que nous traitons des données personnelles pour nous conformer à nos obligations légales, nous le faisons sur la base légale que nous sommes légalement tenus de le faire.
Nous utilisons le consentement comme base pour le traitement dans la mesure requise par la loi applicable, ou comme nous le jugeons approprié, par exemple, avant de collecter des données auprès de vous via notre application ou notre matériel.
Nous traitons également les données personnelles sur la base légale que cela est nécessaire pour les intérêts commerciaux légitimes de Kinsa, qui peuvent inclure: fournir, améliorer et développer nos produits et services; communiquer avec vous et gérer autrement notre relation avec vous; améliorer la sûreté et la sécurité de nos produits, services, sites, employés et autres; et protéger Kinsa et nos partenaires commerciaux contre les comportements répréhensibles.
Conformément aux lois applicables dans l'Union européenne, vous pouvez disposer des droits suivants concernant vos données personnelles, qui s'appliquent différemment selon les circonstances, et peuvent être limités par la législation locale: (i) droit d'accès, (ii) droit de correction, (iii) droit à l'effacement, (iv) droit à la restriction du traitement, (v) droit à la portabilité des données, (vi) droit de s'opposer à certains types de traitement, et (vii) droit de retirer son consentement à certains types de traitements. La plupart de ces droits ne sont pas absolus. Vous pouvez exercer ces droits en nous soumettant une demande. Veuillez noter que nous pouvons vous demander des renseignements supplémentaires pour vérifier votre demande avant d'y répondre.
Sur demande appropriée, Kinsa supprimera toutes les données personnelles tel que requis, mais en vertu de l'article 17 (3) (c) et (d) du RGPD, nous conserverons les données agrégées. Tous les utilisateurs de l'application Kinsa ont le droit de mettre à jour leurs renseignements personnels et leur profil dans l'application. Kinsa ne vend aucun renseignement personnel à des tiers, sauf si l'utilisateur donne son consentement explicite. Si vous avez des questions, utilisez les
coordonnées
ci-dessous.
Vos renseignements personnels peuvent être transférés, stockés et traités dans un pays autre que celui dans lequel ils ont été collectés, y compris les États-Unis. Par exemple, nous pouvons stocker vos données sur un serveur aux États-Unis, car c'est là qu'une base de données particulière est hébergée; et ces données peuvent être à nouveau « transférées » pour un traitement autorisé. Nous effectuons ces transferts en utilisant des protections contractuelles que les autorités en réglementation de l'UE ont préapprouvées pour garantir la protection de vos données (connues sous le nom de
clauses contractuelles types
).
Bien que nous espérons pouvoir résoudre toute question ou préoccupation que vous soulevez concernant notre utilisation de vos données, le Règlement général sur la protection des données vous donne également le droit de déposer une plainte auprès d'une autorité de contrôle, en particulier dans l'Union européenne (ou l'Espace économique européen) où vous travaillez, résidez normalement ou où une violation présumée des lois sur la protection des données a eu lieu.
Vous pouvez communiquer avec la personne responsable de la protection des données chez Kinsa pour tout problème lié au traitement de vos renseignements personnels et pour exercer vos droits en vertu de la loi applicable concernant le traitement de vos renseignements personnels.
Coordonnées:
À l'attention du: Data Protection Officer
Kinsa Inc.
535 Mission Street, 18th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
dpo@kinsahealth.co
Comment nous utilisons les témoins
Les témoins ou
cookies
ne sont utilisés que sur nos Sites Web, et non sur notre Application.
Un témoin est un texte qui demande la permission d'être placé sur le disque dur de votre ordinateur. Si vous acceptez, un fichier témoin est stocké sur le disque dur de votre ordinateur. Les témoins nous aident, ainsi que nos sociétés affiliées, à améliorer nos Services et garantissent que le contenu de nos Services est présenté de la manière la plus efficace pour vous et votre ordinateur.
Les appareils ont la possibilité de refuser les témoins. Cela peut être fait en activant le paramètre de votre navigateur qui vous permet de les refuser. Veuillez noter que si vous choisissez de refuser les témoins, vous ne pourrez peut-être pas accéder à certaines parties de nos Services.
Les tiers qui distribuent ou vendent nos Services peuvent également utiliser des témoins, sur lesquels nous n'avons aucun contrôle. Ces témoins (s'ils sont utilisés) seront téléchargés quand vous cliquez sur les liens de nos Services ou que vous achetez et/ou utilisez nos Services via d'autres interfaces tierces.
L'option de votre navigateur pour interdire les suivis pourrait ne pas avoir d'effet sur notre collecte d'informations sur les témoins à des fins analytiques et internes. La seule façon de désactiver complètement la collecte d'informations par le biais de témoins ou autre technologie de suivi est de gérer activement les paramètres de votre navigateur ou de votre appareil pour supprimer et désactiver les témoins et autres outils de suivi/enregistrement. Veuillez noter qu'en fonction de votre type d'appareil ou de navigateur, il peut être impossible de supprimer ou de désactiver tous les mécanismes de suivi sur votre appareil.
Nous autorisons les partenaires tiers à utiliser les technologies de suivi susmentionnées pour collecter des informations sur vos activités de navigation au fil du temps et sur différents sites Web lorsque vous utilisez les Services. Par exemple, nous pouvons utiliser des services fournis par des partenaires publicitaires tiers tels que Google, pour vous proposer notre service sur d'autres sites Web et services en ligne. Par un processus appelé « ciblage », chaque service place un témoin sur votre navigateur lorsque vous visitez les Services afin que vous puissiez être identifié et recevoir des publicités sur d'autres sites Web en fonction de votre activité de navigation. Nous utilisons des paquets d'analyse tiers tels que Google Analytics et, dans certains cas, nous partageons des renseignements personnels avec ces services. Nous, ainsi que des fournisseurs tiers tels que Google, utilisons des témoins propriétaires (tels que ceux de Google Analytics) et des témoins tiers (tels que celui de DoubleClick) ou d'autres identifiants tiers pour compiler des données concernant les interactions des utilisateurs devant des affichages de publicité et d'autres services publicitaires en rapport avec nos Services. Pour éviter l'utilisation de ces renseignements pour ces partenaires tiers, vous pouvez modifier les paramètres de votre navigateur pour rejeter les témoins ou pour vous avertir lorsque des témoins sont définis et vous pouvez sélectionner l'option pour interdire les suivis sur votre navigateur, bien que nous n'ayons aucun contrôle sur ces partenaires tiers et ne pouvons pas confirmer s'ils respectent le signal du navigateur interdisant les suivis. De plus, plusieurs compagnies de publicité sont membres de la NAI ou de la DAA et/ou offrent d'interdire le suivi sur ces pages professionnelles à l'adresse
networkadvertising.org/choices
ou
aboutads.info/choices
. Les utilisateurs peuvent aussi personnaliser leurs préférences pour les publicités de tiers et Google sur la page Paramètres des annonces Google.
Liens vers des sites tiers
Nos Services peuvent contenir des liens vers des sites Web ou des services tiers, hébergés et exploités par une compagnie autre que Kinsa. Si vous suivez un lien vers l'un de ces sites Web tiers, veuillez noter que ces derniers ont leurs propres politiques de confidentialité et que nous n'acceptons aucune responsabilité pour leurs politiques ou le traitement de vos renseignements personnels. Kinsa ne divulgue ni ne partage de renseignements personnels avec des sites tiers sans votre consentement. Si vous divulguez des renseignements à un tiers après avoir suivi un lien vers ses services, cette politique de confidentialité ne s'applique plus.
Conformité
Kinsa utilisera une approche d'auto-évaluation pour vérifier la conformité à la présente Politique de confidentialité et vérifier périodiquement que la Politique de confidentialité est exacte, complète pour l'information destinée à être couverte, affichée bien en vue, mise en œuvre et accessible. Si vous pensez que vos renseignements personnels ont été traités ou divulgués en violation de cette Politique de confidentialité, Kinsa vous encourage à faire part de toute préoccupation en utilisant les coordonnées fournies dans la présente Politique de confidentialité. Kinsa enquêtera et tentera de résoudre toute plainte et tout litige concernant l'utilisation et la divulgation des renseignements personnels.
Vos préférences
Nos applications mobiles peuvent vous demander de partager vos informations de localisation avec Kinsa. Notez qu'il s'agit de l'emplacement signalé par le système d'exploitation de votre téléphone qui utilise généralement le système GPS de votre téléphone. Vous pourrez peut-être désactiver le partage des services de localisation de votre téléphone en modifiant les paramètres de votre téléphone.
Si vous ne souhaitez pas recevoir de communications de Kinsa, vous pouvez à tout moment refuser de recevoir des communications ultérieures. Veuillez noter que Kinsa ne peut se conformer qu'aux demandes relatives aux communications fournies par Kinsa. Nous nous efforcerons de répondre à vos demandes dès que possible.
Le cas échéant, si vous souhaitez revoir, corriger, mettre à jour ou supprimer certains renseignements personnels que vous avez fournis via les Services, veuillez nous contacter. Nous nous efforcerons de répondre à vos demandes dès que possible.
Personnes mineures
Nos Services sont conçus et destinés à être utilisés par ceux qui ont atteint l'âge de 16 ans. En utilisant nos Services, vous affirmez que vous avez 16 ans ou plus. Aucune personne de moins de 16 ans n'est autorisée à soumettre ou publier toute information, y compris des renseignements personnels, sur nos Services. Les parents ou tuteurs légaux peuvent utiliser les Services au nom de leur enfant et, ce faisant, partager les renseignements personnels de leur enfant avec le système Kinsa, mais un enfant de moins de 16 ans ne peut pas utiliser les Services par lui-même. Pour plus de clarté, le consentement doit être donné ou autorisé par le parent responsable de l'enfant avant de fournir des renseignements personnels sur un enfant de moins de 16 ans.
Mises à jour de notre Politique
Nous nous réservons le droit de changer, ajouter, modifier ou supprimer des parties de notre Politique de confidentialité à tout moment. Toute modification de notre Politique de confidentialité entrera en vigueur immédiatement et sera communiquée via nos Services à la dernière date de mise à jour indiquée ci-dessus. Veuillez continuer à consulter notre Politique de confidentialité de temps en temps pour en savoir plus sur tout changement apporté à nos pratiques de confidentialité.
Nous contacter
Si vous avez des questions, veuillez utiliser l'adresse de courriel ou le numéro de téléphone indiqué ci-dessous.
Courriel: privacy@kinsahealth.com
Téléphone: (+1) 917-426-3860