Careers
Tech
Start Designing
Privacy Policy
🇺🇸 English
Welcome to the clayeditor.com website (the "Site").
The company Plexagon S.r.l. is aware of the importance of the Personal Data of the users of the Site and, therefore, before any use of them, it provides a complete information about their processing and requests the necessary consents. This information is governed by the European Regulation 2016/679, on the protection of personal data (hereinafter, for brevity, "GDPR").
1. Data Controller.
The Data Controller Plexagon S.r.l., based in via Savona 94, Milan 20144. (hereinafter the "Plexagon" or the "Data Controller"). You can always contact the Data Controller by writing to the e-mail address support@clayeditor.com.
2. Type of data collected and purpose of processing
The following Personal Data (hereinafter also referred to as the "Data") will be collected and processed through the Site:
(a) Personal and contact data provided by the user to register with the Site and/or to take advantage of the free trial period;
b) Data related to the image and voice of the subjects filmed in the photographs and/or video footage, uploaded to the Site, in order to enable it to edit the content;
c) Personal data provided for purposes strictly related to the sale, such as purchases and payments, (for example, the e-mail address, personal data, date of birth and password provided to register on the Site and to access the personal account) for any legal purposes arising from the sales contract (such as, accounting, tax and obligations arising from the law);
d) Personal data acquired in case of e-mail contact by the user, in order to acknowledge the user's requests and offer the requested services, assistance and information;
e) Personal data of the user for marketing purposes, i.e. to send promotional offers, advertising material inherent to the services offered to the user, through telematic tools, such as newsletters and e-mails;
f) Personal data for purposes of processing studies and statistical research.
3. Legal basis of the processing
Except for navigation data, regulated by the Cookie Policy, the processing of personal data resides in:
● points 2 (a) (b) (c) in the fulfillment of the contract and the fulfillment of specific legal obligations arising from the contract or for defense in court;
● points 2 (d), in the legitimate interest of the Controller;
● points 2 (e) (f), in any consents given by the user.
4. Period of data retention and methods of data processing
The User's Personal Data are retained, for a period of time not exceeding that necessary to achieve the purposes for which they are processed, subject to the retention periods provided for by law. Specifically:
● Point 2 (a), the Data you provide for registration on the Site, will be retained for a period of time not exceeding 24 months, beginning with the expiration of your subscription or account inactivity for a period of time equal to 24 months.
● Item 2 (b), the Image and Voice Data of the subjects captured in the photographs and/or video footage, will be retained for a period of time not exceeding 24 months
● point 2 (c), Data collected for contractual purposes shall be retained for as long as necessary to fulfill the above purposes and in any case for a period not exceeding 10 years;
● point 2 (d), Data collected for the purpose of providing assistance to you are retained for a period of time not exceeding 24 months from the last communication
● item 2 (e), Data collected for marketing purposes are retained for a period of time not exceeding 2 years
● point 2 (f), Data collected for analytical purposes will be kept for a period of time not exceeding 2 years.
The Data will be processed with mainly computerized and telematic tools and in compliance with confidentiality and security rules provided by law, consequent regulations and specific provisions. Specific security measures are in particular observed to prevent the loss of Data, illegal or incorrect use and unauthorized access.
5. Compulsory or optional nature of the data
With the exception of navigation data (the provision and collection of which is governed by the "Cookie Policy"), the provision to the Data Controller of personal data both to respond to user requests and queries and for marketing purposes and the study of consumption habits and preferences is free, optional and optional.
With regard to the purposes of point 2 (b), (c), (d), the provision of data is necessary for the performance of the services you requested and for the possible conclusion of the sales contract; in fact, the failure to provide certain Data may make it impossible to use the services provided by the Site.
Categories of recipients of personal data
The Data may be known and processed by:
● Employees and consultants of the Data Controller, who will act as authorized entities for the processing;
● Companies that perform for the Data Controller, in the capacity of Data Processors, specific technical and organizational services related to the use of the Site;
● Paddle Payments Limit solely to execute the contract for the purchase of products on the Site;
● Public or private entities with respect to which there is, for the Data Controller, an obligation (or faculty recognized by rule of law or secondary or EU regulations) or a need for communication.
In addition, the Data may be disclosed to law enforcement or judicial authorities, in accordance with the law and upon formal request by such entities, or if there are reasonable grounds to believe that the disclosure of such data is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected unlawful activities or assist state control and supervisory authorities; (2) defend against any claims or allegations from third parties, or protect the security of its Site and the Owner (3) exercise or protect the rights, property or safety of Plexagon and its customers, employees or any other person.
6. Transfer outside the EU
Your Data will not be disseminated. Your Data may be transferred to countries outside the EU. The transfer will take place in compliance with applicable legislation and by taking measures to ensure the necessary levels of protection and safeguards for the protection of the same, through the use of technically secure tools and channels and by entering into Standard Contractual Clauses, in accordance with applicable legislation.
7. Exercise of Rights.
The owner reminds users that Articles 15, 16, 17, 18, 20 and 21 of the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, recognize numerous rights, including the right to: (a) to access the personal data concerning him/her; (b) to obtain the rectification and updating of the data, to request the restriction of the processing carried out on his/her data (including, where possible, the right to be forgotten and to erasure); (c) to object for legitimate purposes to the processing of the data, as well as to exercise his/her right to data portability; (d) to request to know the logic applied to the analyses and to request the modification of the outcomes of the study activities. Furthermore, the user, if he/she had given his/her free consent to the activities referred to in point 2 (d), (e) above, may at any time revoke his/her consent, even limited to specific contact methods. You may exercise these rights by contacting the Data Controller by writing to support@clayeditor.com.
Finally, we remind you that you can always lodge a complaint with the competent Control Authority (Data Protection Authority).
🇮🇹 Italian
Benvenuto sul sito web clayeditor.com (il “Sito”).
La società Plexagon S.r.l. è consapevole dell’importanza dei Dati personali degli utenti del Sito e, pertanto, prima di qualsiasi loro utilizzo, provvede a fornire un’informativa completa circa il loro trattamento ed a richiedere i necessari consensi. Tale informativa è regolata dal Regolamento europeo 2016/679, in materia di protezione dei dati personali (di seguito, per brevità, “GDPR”).
1. Titolare del trattamento
Il Titolare del trattamento Plexagon S.r.l., con sede in via Savona 94, Milano 20144. (di seguito il “Plexagon” o il “Titolare”). È sempre possibile contattare il Titolare del trattamento scrivendo all’indirizzo e-mail support@clayeditor.com.
2. Tipologia di dati raccolti e finalità del trattamento
Attraverso il Sito verranno raccolti e trattati i seguenti Dati personali (di seguito anche i “Dati”):
a) Dati anagrafici e di contatto forniti dall’utente per la registrazione al Sito e/o per usufruire del periodo di prova gratuito;
b) Dati relativi all’immagine e alla voce dei soggetti ripresi nelle fotografie e/o videoriprese, caricate sul Sito, al fine di consentirle di editare i contenuti;
c) Dati personali forniti per finalità strettamente connesse alla vendita, quali acquisti e pagamenti, (ad esempio, l'indirizzo di posta elettronica, i dati anagrafici, la data di nascita e la password fornita per registrarsi al Sito e per accedere all’account personale) per ogni finalità di legge nascente dal contratto di vendita (quali, obblighi di natura contabile, fiscale e nascenti dalla legge);
d) Dati personali acquisiti in caso di contatto via e-mail da parte dell’utente, al fine di riscontrare le richieste dell’utente ed offrire i servizi, l’assistenza e le informazioni richieste;
e) Dati personali dell’utente per finalità di marketing, cioè per inviare offerte promozionali, materiale pubblicitario inerente ai servizi offerti all’utente, tramite strumenti telematici, quali newsletter ed e-mail;
f) Dati personali per finalità di elaborazione di studi e di ricerche statistiche.
3. Base giuridica del trattamento
Fatta eccezione per i dati di navigazione, regolati dalla Cookie Policy, il trattamento dei dati personali risiede:
● punti 2 (a) (b) (c) nell’adempimento del contratto e nell’adempimento di specifici obblighi giuridici nascenti dal contratto o per la difesa in giudizio;
● punti 2 (d), nel legittimo interesse del Titolare;
● punti 2 (e) (f), nei consensi eventualmente prestati dall’utente.
4. Periodo di conservazione dei dati e modalità del trattamento dei dati
I Dati Personali dell’utente sono conservati, per un periodo di tempo non superiore a quello necessario al conseguimento delle finalità per le quali essi sono trattati, fatti salvi i termini di conservazione previsti dalla legge. Nello specifico:
● Punto 2 (a), i Dati da lei forniti per la registrazione al Sito, saranno conservati per un periodo di tempo non superiore a 24 mesi, a decorrere dalla scadenza dell’abbonamento o dell’inattività dell’account per un periodo di tempo pari a 24 mesi.
● Punto 2 (b), i Dati relativi all’immagine e alla voce dei soggetti ripresi nelle fotografie e/o videoriprese, saranno conservati per un periodo di tempo non superiore a 24 mesi
● punto 2 (c), i Dati raccolti per finalità contrattuali sono conservati per il tempo necessario per adempiere alle finalità di cui sopra e comunque per un periodo non superiore a 10 anni;
● punto 2 (d), i Dati raccolti per fornirle assistenza sono conservati per un periodo di tempo non superiore a 24 mesi dall’ultima comunicazione
● punto 2 (e), i Dati raccolti per finalità di marketing sono conservati per un periodo di tempo non superiore a 2 anni
● punto 2 (f), i Dati raccolti per finalità di analisi saranno conservati per un periodo di tempo non superiore a 2 anni.
I Dati saranno trattati con strumenti prevalentemente informatici e telematici e nel rispetto regole di riservatezza e di sicurezza previste dalla legge, dai regolamenti conseguenti e da apposite disposizioni. Specifiche misure di sicurezza sono in particolare osservate per prevenire la perdita dei Dati, usi illeciti o non corretti ed accessi non autorizzati.
5. Natura obbligatoria o facoltativa dei dati
Fatta eccezione per i dati di navigazione (il cui conferimento e la cui raccolta sono regolati della “Cookie Policy”), il conferimento al Titolare dei dati personali sia per far fronte a richieste e quesiti degli utenti, sia per finalità di marketing e di studio delle abitudini e delle preferenze di consumo è libero, facoltativo ed opzionale.
Con riguardo alla finalità di cui al punto 2 (b), (c), (d) il conferimento dei dati è necessario per l’esecuzione dei servizi da Lei richiesti e per l’eventuale conclusione del contratto di vendita; infatti, il mancato conferimento di alcuni Dati potrà comportare l’impossibilità di utilizzare i servizi forniti dal Sito.
Categorie di destinatari dei dati personali
I Dati potranno essere conosciuti e trattati da:
● Dipendenti e consulenti del Titolare, i quali opereranno in qualità di soggetti autorizzati al trattamento;
● Società che svolgono per il Titolare, in qualità di Responsabili del trattamento, specifici servizi tecnici e organizzativi connessi all’utilizzo del Sito;
● Paddle Payments Limit unicamente per dare esecuzione al contratto di acquisto di prodotti sul Sito;
● Soggetti pubblici o privati rispetto al quale vi sia, per il Titolare, l’obbligo (o facoltà riconosciuta da norma di legge o di normativa secondaria o comunitaria) o la necessità di comunicazione.
Inoltre i Dati potranno essere comunicati a forze di polizia o all'autorità giudiziaria, in conformità alla legge e previa richiesta formale da parte di tali soggetti, oppure nel caso in cui vi siano fondate ragioni per ritenere che la comunicazione di tali dati sia ragionevolmente necessaria per (1) investigare, prevenire o assumere iniziative relative a sospette attività illecite o assistere le autorità statali di controllo e di vigilanza; (2) difendersi contro qualsiasi reclamo o accusa da parte di terzi, o proteggere la sicurezza del proprio Sito e del Titolare (3) esercitare o proteggere i diritti, la proprietà o la sicurezza di Plexagon e dei suoi clienti, dei suoi dipendenti o di qualsiasi altro soggetto.
6. Trasferimento extra UE
I suoi dati non saranno diffusi. I Suoi Dati potranno essere trasferiti in paesi extra-europei. Il trasferimento avverrà nel rispetto della normativa applicabile e adottando misure atte a garantire i necessari livelli di tutela e salvaguardia per la protezione degli stessi, mediante l’utilizzo di strumenti e canali tecnicamente sicuri e mediante la stipula di Clausole Contrattuali Standard, in conformità alla normativa applicabile.
7. Esercizio dei diritti
Il titolare ricorda agli utenti che gli artt. 15, 16, 17, 18, 20 e 21 del Regolamento Europeo Generale sulla Protezione dei Dati 2016/679, riconoscono numerosi diritti, tra cui il diritto di: (a) accedere ai dati personali che lo riguardano; (b) ottenere la rettifica e l’aggiornamento dei dati, chiedere la limitazione del trattamento effettuato sui propri dati (ivi incluso, ove possibile, il diritto all’oblio e la cancellazione); (c) opporsi per fini legittimi al trattamento dei dati, nonché esercitare il proprio diritto alla portabilità dei dati; (d) chiedere di conoscere la logica applicata alle analisi e chiedere la modifica degli esiti delle attività di studio. L’utente, inoltre, ove avesse conferito il Suo libero consenso alle attività di cui al precedente punto 2 (d), (e), potrà in qualsiasi momento revocare il consenso, anche limitatamente a specifiche modalità di contatto. Potrà esercitare detti diritti contattando il Titolare del trattamento, scrivendo a support@clayeditor.com.
Si ricorda infine che è sempre possibile proporre reclamo alla competente Autorità di Controllo (Autorità Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali).
Unleash your creativity,
start designing now.
Start Designing
Company
Careers
Hiring!
Tech
Support
Support
Privacy
Terms
Cookie
Apps
iOS / iPadOS app
Android app
Copyright © 2023 Clay