Legal
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
ARTICLE 13 GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
With this information sheet, PhiAcademy GmbH (hereinafter “PhiAcademy“ or “we“) informs you about the processing of your personal data (“Data“) as well as your Data protection claims and rights:
1 WHICH DATA ARE PROCESSED AND FROM WHICH SOURCES DO THEY COME FROM?
We process the Data that we receive from you as part of your visit or purchase on our website www.phishop.com (hereinafter “Website“) or Webshop-App (hereinafter “Mobileshop”). We do not collect and process any special categories of personal Data.
Personal Data include:
Your personal details: e.g. name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and gender
Data about your PhiShop purchases: e.g. customer number, UID number, previous purchases,
Invoice number, purchase date and time, product, quantity and price
Data about your payment method: e.g. bank details, used credit card company,...
2 FOR WHAT PURPOSES AND FOR WHAT DURATION ARE DATA PROCESSED?
We process your Data in accordance with applicable data protection law and for specific purposes and for a specific period. The most important purposes and duration of the processing are listed below. If we collect Data from you for other purposes, we will inform you separately before collecting that Data.
2.1 PURCHASE AT PHISHOP
We process the Data you provide when purchasing goods for the purpose of fulfilling our contractual obligations to you. This includes, for example, the delivery of goods ordered by you. We process this data until the fulfillment of our obligations; beyond that, only as long as there is a legal obligation to do so or we need Data for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
2.2 PHISHOP CUSTOMER ACCOUNT
We process the Data provided by you when creating your PhiShop customer account for the provision of PhiShop service offers. With your PhiShop customer account you can process purchases faster, save more than one address, track your orders and much more. If you purchase goods online via your customer account, we also process your Data to perform and fulfill your purchase.
We will process the Data you provided for the PhiShop customer account until you delete your customer account; beyond that, only as long as there is a legal obligation to do so or we need the Data for the exercise or defense of legal claims.
2.3 PHIACADEMY NEWSLETTER
We process the Data you provided when you signed up for the PhiShop Newsletter for the purposes of direct marketing. We will send you personalized newsletters via e-mail and inform you about offers, services and events of PhiAcademy GmbH and our partner companies if, based on your Data, we assume that this information is particularly relevant and interesting for you. These partner companies are: Craftmaster GmbH, PhiAcademy d.o.o, PhiAcademy LTD.
We process the Data you provided by signing up for the PhiShop Newsletter as long as you wish to receive the newsletter and furthermore only as long as we need the Data for the exercise or defense of legal claims.
2.4 PHIACADEMY CUSTOMER SERVICE
When contacting our Customer Service („contact us“) for requests or issues we process your Data to respond to your requests or to fulfill your issues.
We process the Data you provide only for the duration of the response or fulfillment of your requests and issues. Beyond that, we will process the Data only as long as there is a legal obligation to do so or we need the Data for the exercise or defense of legal claims.
2.5 PHIACADEMY CHAT
When you contact our PhiAcademy Chat for requests or issues, and therefore provide us with your Data (name, e-mail address and message), these Data will be processes only to respond to your requests or fulfill your issues.
The Data that you provide for the PhiAcademy-Chat will be processed for the duration of the response to fulfill your requests and issues. Beyond that, we will process the Data only as long as there is a legal obligation to do so or we need the Data for the exercise or defense of legal claims and for internal administrative purposes.
2.6 MARKETING
We process your Data for the purpose of direct marketing and social media marketing for offers, services and events of PhiAcademy and its affiliates (e.g., PhiAcademy GmbH and CraftMaster GmbH and other entities and services we have listed in this Policy).
We may combine Data we or our providers have collected with Data collected by our affiliates to gain a more detailed picture of the needs and interests of our users. Also, your Data (buyers’, followers’ and students’ Data) may be processed to create and execute unified marketing campaigns and analytics thereof for both the Controller and PhiAcademy GmbH, and the analytics pertaining to the Phi brand in a unified manner.
In this way, we can provide better service to our customers as well as keep track of our Masters' activities related to the Phi brand. We process the abovementioned Data on the basis of your consent.
You can withdraw your consent anytime by e-mail to:
info@phishop.com
Your Data will be processed until you withdraw consent, after which we will delete your Data immediately i.e., as soon as technically possible after receiving withdrawal.
3 ON WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA?
3.1 ON THE BASIS OF YOUR CONSENT (ARTICLE 6 (1) (A) GDPR):
If you have given us your consent to the processing of your Data - for example to receive the PhiAcademy Newsletter - this processing will only be carried out in accordance with the purposes specified in the respective declaration of consent and to the extent agreed therein.
You can withdraw your given consent at any time with effect for the future by sending us an e-mail or letter to our contact address as stated in point 9. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your Data based on your consent before its withdrawal.
3.2 TO FULFILL CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS (ARTICLE 6 (1) (B) GDPR):
We process your Data in order to fulfill our contractual obligations to you. For example, we need your name and address to send you ordered goods and issue an invoice for your order. If there are any delivery problems or if you have concerns or requests, we need, for example, your e-mail address or phone number in order to contact you.
3.3 TO FULFILL LEGAL OBLIGATIONS (ARTICLE 6 (1) (C) GDPR):
The processing of your Data may be required to fulfill our legal obligations (in particular for the storage of business papers and contractual documents). Such obligations may arise from the Austrian Commercial Code (UGB), Austrian Federal Fiscal Code (BAO) or Austrian Civil Code (ABGB).
3.4 FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE LEGITIMATE INTERESTS (ARTICLE 6 (1) (F) GDPR):
If it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, we process your Data:
Our legitimate interest in the processing your Data includes own and third-party marketing purposes, customer loyalty or direct marketing.
In addition, we have a legitimate interest in the processing of your Data for administrative purposes within PhiAcademy and its affilliates (Craftmaster GmbH und PhiAcademy d.o.o.) and for the exercise or defense of legal claims.
4 WHO RECEIVES YOUR DATA?
Within PhiAcademy, our parent company, PhiAcademy d.o.o., and our affiliate Craftmaster GmbH, those employees will receive your personal information, who need them for the purposes outlined above. If we are legally obliged to do so, we will also transfer your Data to public bodies and authorities. In addition, companies commissioned by us (in particular IT or payment services and back office providers) will receive your Data if they need them to fulfill their respective tasks. These providers are obliged to treat all Data confidentially, to process it only to the extent necessary for their service provision and they provide their processing activities within the European Economic Area. If these companies provide their processing activities outside the European Economic Area, there are appropriate safeguards according to Art 46 GDPR in place to ensure an adequate level of data protection.
We will transfer your Data to the following recipients:
Company Name:
Located in:
Safeguards
DHL Express (Austria) GmbH
Austria
Stripe, Inc.
USA
Standard Contractual Clauses
PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie
Luxembourg
Klarna Bank AB
Sweden
Falcon.io ApS
Denmark
The Rocket Science Group LLC (MailChimp)
USA
Standard Contractual Clauses
Freshworks Inc.
USA
Standard Contractual Clauses
banibis GmbH
Austria
Craftmaster GmbH
Austria
PhiAcademy d.o.o
Serbia
Standard Contractual Clauses
platform.sh
Germany
Shopware ag
Germany
Klaviyo, Inc.
USA
GMD Solutions
Serbia
Viber Rakuten
Luxembourg
Mouseflow inc
USA
5 COOKIES
5.1 TECHNICALLY REQUIRED COOKIES
We use cookies on our Website, which are small files stored on your device (e.g. web browser or mobile device). On your next visit to our Website or Mobileshop using the same device, the information stored in cookies will subsequently be returned to us. Additionally, as you browse the Website, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Website, and information about how you interact with the Website or the Mobileshop. We use the Data collected through these cookies to better represent our Website and Mobileshop and to make our offers more user-friendly, for example to evaluate the use of our Website or Mobileshop. Some cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. They allow us to recognize your browser on your next visit. Other cookies are only stored for the duration of your visit.
For collecting this Data we use the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Website or Mobileshop, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons”, “tags”, and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Website and use the Mobileshop.
WEBSITE:
Cookies Necessary for the Functioning of the Store:
Cookie Name
Purpose
Storage period
section_data_ids
Facilitates the caching of content in the browser, so pages load faster.
Until the end of the page visit
PHPSESSID
Your session ID on the server.
1 hour
product_data_storage
Saves the configuration for product data related to recently displayed / compared products.
Until the end of the page visit
recently_compared_product
Stores product IDs of recently compared products.
Until the end of the page visit
recently_viewed_product_previous
Stores product IDs of previously viewed products for easy navigation.
Until the end of the page visit
mage-translation-file-version
Facilitates the translation of content into other languages.
Until the end of the page visit
recently_viewed_product
Stores product IDs of recently viewed products for easy navigation.
Until the end of the page visit
form_key
Stores randomly generated keys to prevent the use of forged information.
1 hour
Pnctest
Tests whether cookies are supported by your browser.
1 hour
recently_compared_product_previous
Stores product IDs of previously compared products for easy navigation.
Until the end of the page visit
mage-cache-storage-section-invalidation
Facilitates the caching of content in the browser, so pages load faster.
Until the end of the page visit
mage-cache-storage
Facilitates the caching of content in the browser, so pages load faster.
Until the end of the page visit
mage-messages
Contains information on whether new messages are available in the shop for the visitor / customer.
Until the end of the page visit
mage-translation-storage
Facilitates the translation of content into other languages.
Until the end of the page visit
All these cookies are technically necessary for the presentation of the Website. You can deactivate the setting of cookies in the settings of your browser. Please note that a general deactivation of cookies may possibly lead to functional limitations of our Website.
MOBILESHOP:
Cookie Name
Purpose
Storage period
shopgate_analytics_SHOPNUMMER_uuid
Stores anonymous data for the creation of statistics in the retailer area.
10 years
SSID
Done through Facebook and Google listed below.
Until you close the app.
Cookies Necessary for the Functioning of the Store:
All these cookies are technically necessary for the presentation of the Mobileshop.
Additionally, we use pixels and tags from the following third parties (which may in turn place cookies):
Third Party Table
Third Party
Description
Privacy Policy
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to help measure how users interact with our websites.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google Ads
We use Google Ads to deliver targeted advertisements to individuals who visit our websites.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook
We use Facebook Custom Audiences to deliver targeted advertisements to individuals who visit our websites.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Pinterest
We use Pinterest Custom Audiences to deliver targeted advertisements to individuals who visit our websites.
https://policy.pinterest.com/en-gb/privacy-policy#section-residents-of-the-eea
Snapchat
We use Snapchat Custom Audiences to deliver targeted advertisements to individuals who visit our websites.
https://www.snap.com/en-GB/privacy/privacy-policy
TikTok
We use TikTok Custom Audiences to deliver targeted advertisements to individuals who visit our websites.
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn Custom Audiences to deliver targeted advertisements to individuals who visit our websites.
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?
PayPal
We use PayPal as one of our payment providers to process your orders and capture payments.
https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Stripe
We use Stripe as one of our payment providers to process your orders and capture payments.
https://stripe.com/privacy-center/legal
Wingify Software Pvt. Ltd. doing business as VWO
We use VWO to help measure how users interact with our websites.
https://vwo.com/de/privacy-policy/
Mouseflow inc
We use Mouseflow to help measure how users interact with our websites.
https://mouseflow.com/legal/gdpr/
5.2 GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Furthermore, we use cookies of Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google LLC (hereinafter “Google”). These cookies transmit data about your usage of the website to a Google server in the USA. However, your IP address will be shortened by Google prior to transmission and the transmitted data can no longer be associated with your person. Google will use this information to evaluate general usage data of our website and to compile reports on website activities.
If you want to prevent the use of Google Analytics cookies on the website, you can either do this through your browser settings (see point 5.1), or you can install the browser plug-in available under the following link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
For information about how Google and its affiliates use data and storage practices, please visit Google’s Privacy Policy, currently available at:
https://www.google.com/privacy.html
.
Google Analytics Cookie
Purpose
Storage period
_gat
Determined by Google Analytics to identify unique sessions
30 minutes
_gid
Determined by Google Analytics to identify unique sessions
30 minutes
_ga
Determined by Google Analytics to identify unique sessions
30 minutes
5.3 FACEBOOK AUDIENCE PIXEL
We also use the Facebook Audience Pixel analysis tool from Facebook Ireland Limited or Facebook Inc. to measure the effectiveness of our advertising. The pixel collects information about website and mobile app usage, such as when the website or app are used and whether goods are placed in the shopping basket, and transmits this information to Facebook’s servers in Ireland and the United States. This information may also be cross-checked with other Facebook information or our information that we have about you. All data collected by this pixel is encrypted by Facebook using “hashes”. Facebook Ireland Limited is located in the European Union; Facebook Inc. is located in the United States and has a Privacy Shield Certificate which ensures the protection of your data.
The collection of data by Facebook Pixel only takes place with your consent. This consent can be withdrawn by you at any time. The comparison of the data with the data stored by us is based on our legitimate interest in marketing and customer loyalty.
5.4 SNAPCHAT PIXEL
Our website uses the "Snapchat Pixel" provided by Snap Inc, 63 Market Street, Venice, CA 90291, USA ("Snapchat"). This service allows us to track users' behaviour after they have seen or clicked on a Snapchat ad and have been redirected to our site. This process is used to evaluate the effectiveness of Snapchat ads for statistical and market research purposes and can help us to optimise our advertising efforts. The IP address, pixel ID or web page domain may also be transmitted to Snapchat to enable optimised measurement of the advertising campaigns. This data is stored and processed by Snapchat so enabling a connection to the respective user profile and allowing Snapchat to use the data for its own advertising purposes, in accordance with Snapchat's Privacy Policy. Whenever Snapchat transfers data of EU users outside the EU, Snapchat makes sure an adequate transfer mechanism is in place.
5.5 TIKTOK PIXEL
We use the "TikTok pixel" on this website which is provided by TikTok (for EU: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Aviation House, 125 Kingsway Holborn, London, WC2B 6NH.). We have implemented this code on our website. The code establishes a connection with the TikTok servers when users visit our website in order to track the behaviour of users on our website. This process is used to evaluate the effectiveness of Tiktok advertisements for statistical and market research purposes and may help us to optimise our advertising efforts.
Personal data such as the IP address, as well as other information such as device ID, device type and operating system may also be transferred to TikTok to enable optimised targeting of advertising campaigns. TikTok processes this data to identify users of our website and associate their actions with a TikTok user account. TikTok processes this data to display targeted and personalised advertising to its users.
TikTok’s Privacy Policy can be accessed here. Where TikTok transfers personal data to countries outside the EEA, TikTok does so under the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries (i.e. standard contractual clauses) pursuant to Commission Decision 2004/915/EC or 2010/87/EU (as appropriate) or in line with any replacement mechanism approved under EU law.
5.6 PINTERST TAG
Our website uses the conversion tracking technology of the social network Pinterest (Pinterest Europe Ltd., Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland), which enables us to display relevant advertisements and offers on Pinterest to our website visitors who have already taken an interest in our website and our content/offers and are Pinterest members. For this purpose, a so-called conversion tracking pixel from Pinterest is integrated on our pages, via which Pinterest is informed when a user visits our website that they have called up our website and in which parts of our offer they are interested.
This procedure is used to evaluate the effectiveness of the Pinterest ads for statistical and market research purposes and can help to optimise our advertising measures. Personal data such as the IP address, as well as other information such as the device ID, device type and operating system may also be transferred to Pinterest in order to enable optimised measurement of the advertising campaigns. Because Pinterest is a worldwide service, Pinterest may transfer the personal data of EEA residents to a country outside the EEA. When Pinterest transfers information from the EEA to a country that doesn't provide an adequate level of protection, Pinterest will only do so under appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses. Pinterest’s Privacy Policy can be accessed here.
5.7 LINKEDIN INSIGHT TAG
Our website makes use of function "LinkedIn Insight Tag" of the LinkedIn network. The provider is the LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Each time one of our pages containing LinkedIn functions is accessed, a connection to LinkedIn servers is established. LinkedIn receives the information (containing your IP-address) that you have visited our web pages. If you click the LinkedIn "Recommend button" and are logged into your account at LinkedIn, LinkedIn will be able to assign the information that you have visited our website to your user account. As the provider of this website, we would like to point out that we have no information on what data is transmitted or how this transmitted data is used by LinkedIn. By using LinkedIn Insight Tag, we can analyze the success of our campaigns on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is certified under the
Privacy Shield Agreement
.
For years LinkedIn has relied on overlapping protections under both Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) and the Privacy Shield legal frameworks for data transfers. While the ruling by the European Court of Justice of the July 16, 2020 invalidated the use of Privacy Shield, SCCs remain in place and LinkedIn continues to transfer data from the EU, EEA and Switzerland using SCCs. LinkedIn is also monitoring ongoing negotiations between the U.S. Department of Commerce and EU Commission regarding a Privacy Shield replacement. Despite its invalidation as a transfer mechanism, LinkedIn has elected to maintain its Privacy Shield certification from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Opt-Out:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.
6 ARE YOU OBLIGED TO PROVIDE DATA?
To receive a service – a purchase, customer account or newsletter – it is necessary that you provide the Data we need to fulfill our contractual obligations to you and to perform our voluntary performances and services. Those Data are marked with (*) as mandatory. Unless you provide those mandatory Data, we will generally be unable to provide our services.
7 YOUR RIGHTS IN THE CONTEXT OF THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA
You have the right:
To request information about which of your personal Data we process (Article 15 GDPR);
To rectify or erase your Data (Article 16 GDPR);
To restrict the processing of your Data (Article 18 GDPR);
To withdraw your consent (Article 7 GDPR);
To object to the processing of your Data (Article 21 GDPR);
To Data portability (Article 20 GDPR).
If you believe that we violate your rights under the GDPR or national data protection law when processing your Data, please contact us. This is the best way we can treat your concerns as quickly as possible. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (in Austria: www.dsb.gv.at).
8 AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
We do not use automated decision-making or profiling according to Article 22 GDPR.
9 WHO CAN YOU CONTACT?
If you have any requests or concerns, you can contact us directly by e-mail or by post to the following address:
PhiAcademy GmbH
Wiegelestraße 10, 1230 Vienna
E-Mail:
info@phishop.com
Information on the processing of personal data
(Privacy policy to applicants)
Dear applicant! Dear Applicant!
In fulfillment of the information obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (Articles 13 and 14), we hereby inform you about the processing of your personal data in the context of the application procedure.
Purpose and legal basis of data processing
We process the data provided by you (e.g. from your CV, the submitted references, the application questionnaire, the interview, etc.) for the purpose of the selection procedure on the basis of your consent.
By submitting or transmitting your application documents, you therefore consent to the processing of personal data such as name, title, date of birth, home address, telephone number, e-mail address, education, work experience, salary requirements and those data and images contained in the letter of application, curriculum vitae, references or other documents submitted or transmitted, for the purpose of recording them in an applicant database of our company.
Transmission of data
Your data will be treated with absolute confidentiality during the application process and will not be passed on to third parties under any circumstances without your express consent.
Data will only be passed on during the application process in exceptional cases and with your consent, for example if this is necessary for the preliminary clarification of an intended job promotion. Possible recipients for this are in particular:
Public Employment Service
Social Ministry Service
Austria Wirtschaftsservice GmbH
Duration of data storage
For the purpose of processing the application, the data provided will be stored in our applicant database for the duration of the selection process. In addition, in the event of rejection in accordance with the provisions of the Equal Treatment Act, the necessary data will generally remain stored for a further six months. In the event of legal proceedings, the data relevant to the proceedings will remain stored until the legal conclusion of the proceedings. After the relevant periods have expired, your data will be deleted unless you give us your consent to store it for a longer period of time to keep records for future job placements.
Your rights
You have the following rights under data protection law: information, correction, deletion, restriction, objection. Please contact us regarding these claims.
If you believe that the processing of your data violates data protection law or your data protection rights have been violated in any other way, you have the right to complain to the data protection authority.
You can reach us at the following contact details:
PhiAcademy GmbH -
Wiegelestraße 10, 1230
Vienna - 01 375 1618 1618 - contact@phiacademy.at
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://policy.pinterest.com/en-gb/privacy-policy#section-residents-of-the-eea:
Policy
Terms
Privacy
Community
Merchant
Advertising
Developers
Copyright
Trademark
Enforcement
Transparency
Call recording
Non-user notice
Privacy Policy
We're updating our Privacy Policy, effective 30 April 2025. You can preview the updated Privacy Policy
here
.
California Privacy Statement
California Residents: Please see our California Privacy Statement and Notice at Collection
here
.
Summary of changes
We work hard to make our use of personal data transparent and to make your rights and choices easy to understand. We've added more details about the personal data that we collect and how we may share it.
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Our mission is to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love. To do that, we show you personalised content and ads we think you’ll be interested in based on information we collect from you and other parties.
We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have regarding it. Some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way.
Scope of the Privacy Policy
This is Pinterest’s global Privacy Policy. We have highlighted below where a particular section applies to you based on where you live.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (‘
GDPR
’), if you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, Pinterest Europe Ltd. and Pinterest, Inc. are joint data controllers of your personal data. Pinterest Europe Ltd. is an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Pinterest, Inc. is a US company with its registered office at 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Pinterest Europe Ltd is the responsible controller for fulfilling key obligations under the GDPR. If you have any questions about our data processing activities, please contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
We collect information in a few different ways
1. When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it
When you use Pinterest websites, apps, services, technologies, APIs, widgets or any other
products
or features we offer (“Pinterest” or the “Services”), you share certain information voluntarily.
Account information
: When you join our Services, we collect information such as your name, email address, date of birth, gender, country of residence, interests and preferred language. If you have a business account, depending on where you live, you may also have the option to add race and ethnicity information to your profile.
Content
: We collect information when you save or upload Pins, photos or other content, interact with Pins or other content (for example, commenting or adding a Pin), or where you send messages and interact with other users.
Precise location information
: Depending on where you live, you can choose to share your precise location using your device settings.
Your communications with us
: If you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the content of these communications.
Your contacts
: If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your account, we will continue to process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find one another on our Services.
2. We also get technical information when you use Pinterest
When you use a website, mobile application or other internet service, certain internet and electronic network activity information gets created and logged automatically. This is also true when you use Pinterest. Here are some of the types of information we collect:
Device information
: We collect information about the device you use to access our Services, including the type of device, operating system, network service provider, settings and unique device identifiers.
Log data
: When you use our Services, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it. This log data includes, for example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, activity on websites you visit that incorporate Pinterest features (such as the 'Save' button), browser type and settings, and the date and time when you accessed the Services. You can
find out more about the log data we collect here
.
Information from cookies and similar technologies
: We also use ‘cookies’ or similar technologies to obtain log data. For example, we use cookies to store your language preferences or other settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest. For more information about how we use cookies, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
Usage data and inferences
. When you’re on our Services, we use your activity – such as which Pins you click on, terms you search for, boards you create and any text that you add in a comment or description – along with other information you’ve provided when you first signed up as well as information from our partners and advertisers to make inferences about you and your preferences. For example, if you create a board about travel, we may infer you are a travel enthusiast. We may also infer other information, such as your education or professional experience.
Location information
: We use your IP address to infer your approximate location, even if you don't choose to share your precise location, and photos that you share may include information about the location where they were taken.
User choices
: We will keep a record of choices you’ve selected in your settings, including privacy settings and whether you have enabled notifications.
3. Our partners and advertisers share information with us
We also receive information about you and your activity outside Pinterest from our affiliates, advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with. For example:
Third-party platforms
: If you register for or log in to the Service using a third-party platform (such as Facebook or Google), they will furnish certain information to us to facilitate your account creation or login with us. In addition, if you
connect your third-party accounts
to our Services, we may use information from those accounts to improve your experience. Further, some third-party applications use Pinterest features such as our ‘Save’ button, or you can install our ‘Save’ button for your browser. If so, we collect log data from those sites or apps, including usage data.
Technical service partners
: We sometimes receive information about you from technical service partners, including from marketing firms.
Advertisers or other partners
: Online advertisers or third parties share information with us about you to measure, report on or improve the performance of ads on Pinterest, or to help us better understand what kinds of ads to show you on Pinterest. For example, we may receive information about your visits to an advertiser's site, or purchases you made from them, or information about your interests from a third-party service, which we might use to help show you ads on the Service. Sometimes we get this information through the Pinterest Tag (a piece of code an advertiser puts on their site), which delivers insights to us and our ad partners about actions that a person takes on their website after viewing an ad on our Services.
Learn more about the Pinterest Tag
and the types of information advertisers or other third parties share with us.
You can control how we use this information to personalise your experience and the ads you see on Pinterest in your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
How we use the info we collect
We’re committed to showing you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you. To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience, including to:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards or content you might like based on your activity on our Services and your offsite behaviour. For example, if we see that you’re into cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins to you. Similarly, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar-related Pins to you. For more information on how we recommend content to you, please visit our
Terms of Service
.
respond to your questions or comments.
Build your community on our Services. We use your info to suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like. We also use data to help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email address. If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find them on our Services.
Allow searching with photos, if you choose. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Depending on where you live, and with your consent, identify your precise location and customise your experience on our Services. For example, if we know that you’re near a retailer, we may show you Pins from that retailer that may be of interest to you. You can opt in to (and out of) this in your device operating system settings.
Send you updates, including by email, push notification, SMS or phone. You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time and decide to
stop getting other notifications
by updating your
settings
.
We use your information in our efforts to improve our Services, keep our users and the public safe, and protect legal interests. To do so, we:
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to our community or the public. This can include working with law enforcement to keep Pinterest safe.
Analyse users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behaviour or violations of our policies or Terms.
Conduct
age verification
, as appropriate. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
May access user information in relation to a legal claim, litigation or regulatory proceeding.
Conduct analytics and research on who is using our Services and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop and improve our technology such as our machine learning models.
Create aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Pinterest processes, maintains and uses this information only in a de-identified fashion for the purposes of this Privacy Policy and will not attempt to re-identify such information.
We also use your information to personalise the ads you see
Specifically, we use the information we collect to:
Decide which ads to show you, directly on Pinterest, and
depending on where you live
, show you ads through our partners. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest or browse through sleeping bags on one of our partner’s websites, we may show you ads for other outdoor products. We customise the ads that we show you by identifying your interests based on your on-site and off-site activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where we use cookies to identify your off-site interests, we’ll get your consent where required.
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites and apps. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address or a hashed version of your email address to third parties, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform and others, who may combine that information with other information they already have about you and deliver ads about Pinterest to you.
Learn more
about our marketing practices off Pinterest and how to opt out.
Tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are doing and how to make them better. To do this, we disclose information about the ads you see or interact with on Pinterest to our advertisers and third-party companies to improve the performance of the ads that we or they use to audit or improve the delivery and performance of ads or content on websites and apps. Some of this information is aggregated. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. Depending on where you live and your settings, we may also disclose this information at an individual level. For example, we would let an advertiser know that a particular Pin has been saved by certain people. To find out more about reporting on ads, please
visit the Help Centre
.
Some of these activities may be considered ‘targeted advertising’, ‘sharing’ or ‘selling’, as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You can opt out of Pinterest using and disclosing your information for these purposes. To do so, visit your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
When we use cookies to learn about your behaviour on or off of our services, we or our partners will obtain consent that we may need under applicable law. To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Additional info for EEA, Swiss and UK data subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
The below section only applies to residents in the EEA, Switzerland and the UK. Under applicable data protection law in the European Region (such as the GDPR), companies must have a legal justification to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we’ve explained these below.
We use info based on legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or those of a third party where they are not outweighed by your interests and fundamental rights.
To show you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you, we:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, topics or content you might like based on your activity on our Services. For example, if you engage with cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins and boards.
Customise your Pinterest experience based on your offsite behaviour. For example, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar-related Pins to you.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive a personalised, unique and relevant offering, as this is why users come to the Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies – to find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third-party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To build your community on our Services, we:
Suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers who you might like.
Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we can help your Facebook friends find you on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest. Or people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email address. If you choose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will access contacts stored on your device to help you find out if your contacts are on our Services.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to help you make connections you may know in order to deliver a relevant and unique Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your contacts
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies – to find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third-party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To make and keep Pinterest safe, we:
Work with law enforcement and researchers to keep Pinterest safe. We may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities such as the police or courts, or from researchers to study activity on Pinterest. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Analyse users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behaviour or violation of our policies or Terms.
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to the safety of you, our community and/or members of the public.
Conduct age verification. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to secure Pinterest systems and fight spam, threats, abuse or infringement activities, and promote safety and security on Pinterest.
It is also in our interest and the interests of other users to ensure our Services are used in accordance with our Terms.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies – to find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third-party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To improve, innovate and develop our Services, we:
Conduct analytics and research on who is using Pinterest and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop and improve our technology such as our machine learning models. Some of this information may be aggregated or de-identified.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and the interests of Pinterest’s users that we improve, promote and develop the Service in an informed way.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies – to find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third-party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To seek legal advice or protect Pinterest in litigation or other disputes, we:
Preserve and share information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes. This includes violations of our Terms and policies.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to respond to complaints, prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of Pinterest, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest to seek legal advice and protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries and litigation or other disputes.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies – to find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third-party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To communicate with you, we:
respond to your questions or comments.
Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like saves or comments, happens on Pinterest) and news by email or push notification, depending on your settings. For example, we send weekly updates that include Pins you may like. Depending on where you live, this may be marketing and in certain cases we will obtain your consent. You can decide to
stop getting these notifications
by updating your
settings
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to continuously improve and develop the customer support we provide.
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to learn of new features and elements that may be of interest to them.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies – to find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third-party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver advertising that is relevant, interesting and personal on our Services, we:
Decide which ads to show you based on information on our Services. For example, if you show an interest in tents on Pinterest, we may show you ads for other outdoor products.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive relevant and interesting adverts for products or services they are interested in, as opposed to receiving randomised and generic ads that they may have no interest in. This is also the primary funding of the service and allows users to continue enjoying the service free of charge and allows Pinterest to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies – to find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third-party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To provide measurement and ad analytics, we:
Use aggregated information from our measurement providers to tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are performing and how to make them better. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. To find out more about reporting on ads, please
visit the Help Centre
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to enable business accounts and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This is also in the interest of other users as this helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Service free for all users.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies – to find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
Device information
Usage data and inferences
Data from other sources (third-party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver ads outside Pinterest that are relevant, interesting and personal to you about Pinterest, we:
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address and a hashed version of your email address to services we use to market Pinterest to you on sites and apps other than Pinterest, such as Facebook Ads and Google Marketing Platform.
Legitimate interests relied on
We have a legitimate interest in delivering ads that are relevant, interesting and personal to you in order to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies – to find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third-party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
We use info to comply with our legal obligations
Why and how we use your info
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations
Accessing, storing, preserving or sharing information when doing so in response to a court order, search warrant, production order, subpoena or similar legal request.
Accessing, storing, preserving or sharing information when we think it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including sharing with researchers, law enforcement or other authorities.
To deal with and resolve requests and complaints. We retain correspondence relating to data subject requests under GDPR for two years, in case those requests are not resolved and this correspondence is required in order to handle any resulting complaints. In such cases, the correspondence is then retained while those complaints are being resolved.
Examples of laws that can require us to process information in the above way include:
Regulatory matters: to comply with regulatory obligations such as under privacy laws (GDPR) and the Digital Services Act (DSA).
Civil, commercial, criminal or consumer protection matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory enquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, GDPR).
Corporate and taxation matters: obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997.
Issues relating to the safety of our Service and to protect rights, property and users
We keep information where it is necessary to investigate misuse of our Services, such as spam and other bad experiences. If we disable an account due to violation of our Terms, we also preserve information about that user for safety, security and integrity purposes.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in ‘We collect information in a few different ways’ except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland or the UK).
We use info where you give us consent
How and why we use your info
Where you have given us consent (for example through your device settings):
Allowing searching with photos. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Ads on Pinterest based on off-site activities. We customise the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your off-site activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where ad partners or other third parties share information with us about you, we rely on the consent they have already obtained.
Lead ads. If you submit information via a lead ad form (for example, to sign up for an advertiser’s mailing list or for a consultation), we will share that information with the advertiser as described on the form.
Promotion of Creators. If you choose to provide race or ethnicity information we will use it to promote you as a Creator, for example during Black History Month, or contact you with regard to events.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in ‘We collect information in a few different ways’ except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland or the UK).
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Your rights and choices
We offer you certain choices to control your data. Depending on where you live (e.g. EEA, Switzerland, UK, US), these choices may also be privacy rights that you have under local law. To exercise these rights, please visit your
account settings
and, if you still need help, our
Help Centre
.
Access
: You can request access to the information that we collect and hold about you in a portable format. You can find more information about this
through our Help Centre
.
Correction/rectification
: You can correct your information by updating information in your profile.
Deletion/erasure
: You can have your information deleted. In your settings, select 'Delete your data and account' and follow the instructions.
Opt out of 'targeted advertising', 'sharing' or 'sale'
: As explained above, some of our activities may constitute 'targeted advertising', 'sharing' or 'selling' as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You can opt out at any time by following the instructions in your 'Privacy and data settings' menu. Note that you will still see ads on our Services, but they will not be informed by offsite data.
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Additional rights in the EEA, the UK and Switzerland
If you live in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, you also have some additional rights:
Right to object or restrict processing
: You can object to direct marketing from us or where we rely on legitimate interests to process your information. You can object using this
form
.
Right to withdraw consent
: Where we rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your data, you can withdraw your consent at any stage. The lawfulness of Pinterest’s processing before you withdraw your consent will not be affected by such withdrawal.
Right to portability
: You can have the information you provided to us sent to another organisation, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you and where it's technically feasible for us to do so.
Right to lodge a complaint
: If you reside in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your country.
In the UK, the relevant data protection authority is the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, email: casework@ico.org.uk.
In Ireland, the relevant data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 (0)1 7650100 / + 353 1800 437737, email: info@dataprotection.ie or by using the following online form:
Forms for Data Protection
.
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights or options related to your personal information. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest to keep. If we deny your request to exercise your rights, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us at
privacy-support@pinterest.com
.
You have choices regarding your information on Pinterest. If you have a Pinterest account, many of these controls are built directly into Pinterest or your settings. For example, you can:
edit information in your profile
,
link or unlink your Pinterest account
from other services (such as Facebook or Google),
edit secret board settings
and
close your account at any time
. We also support settings such as Limit ad tracking in iOS and Ads personalisation on Android devices.
You may also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest. For example:
The browser you use may let you control cookies or other types of local data storage.
Your mobile device lets you choose how and whether your precise location, photos, and other data is shared with us.
For users who reside in certain US states and have enabled an opt-out preferences signal (such as Global Privacy Control), we will respect this preference when you use Pinterest.
How and when we share information
Anyone can see the public content you post, such as boards and Pins you create and public profile information you give us. Depending on where you live, we also make this public information available through what are called APIs (a technical way to share information quickly). For example, a partner can study what their most popular Pins are or how their Pins are being shared on Pinterest by using a Pinterest API. We also share the categories of information described above:
With other services, at your direction. For example, when you decide to
link your Pinterest account
to third-party services, or when you publish your content on Pinterest to such services, you direct disclosure of certain information to those services. Creators may direct us to share information with advertisers or other partners for paid engagements.
Depending on where you live, we share data for advertising and related purposes, including showing you ads about Pinterest on third-party services, showing you ads through our partners and helping advertisers understand how ads on Pinterest perform. For example, when you fill in a lead ad form, or click on an ad on Pinterest, we’ll share this information with advertising partners.
With vendors that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we share data with security consultants to help us get better at identifying spam. Some information that we acquire may be collected by vendors on our behalf.
With law enforcement agencies, government agencies, researchers or other parties in compliance with laws, rules or regulations. For example, we may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities such as the police or courts. We only disclose information in response to such requests if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights or property of the public, any person or Pinterest; or to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. We may also share information if we believe that it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person in emergency situations. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
. We may share your publicly accessible information with independent researchers who meet certain criteria, in order to combat societal harms.
With our corporate family of companies, including wholly owned subsidiaries and affiliates. If we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganisation or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Privacy Policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser).
Transferring your information
Pinterest is a worldwide service. By using our products or services, you authorise us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country.
Additional steps for data transfers in the EEA, Switzerland and the UK
If you live in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, we take additional steps related to data transfers. Information controlled by Pinterest Europe Limited will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy. Safeguards which we rely on in ensuring your information benefits from an adequate level of protection includes the following:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions issued from the European Commission under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in ‘How we use the info we collect’ to some countries with such adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed here; or
Standard contractual clauses (‘SCCs’). The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in ‘How we use the info we collect’ to third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
While transfers to countries that don’t have an adequacy decision typically take place on the basis of SCCs, in certain circumstances, transfers can also take place on the basis of exemptions provided under data protection law. For example, sharing with law enforcement, in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk.
We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use:
Technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymisation.
policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or SCCs, please contact us via the details provided in the Contact us section below.
How long we keep your information for
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Pinterest to you and to fulfil the purposes described in this Policy. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalise it so that we can't use it to identify you.
If you live in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, here is some further information regarding our retention practices: We keep your information only so long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, which include providing our Service, or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, to fight spam, or protecting or defending our rights, property and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis. We keep account information, such as your name, email address and password, for as long as your account is in existence because we need it to operate your account.
Our policy on children's information
Children under 13 are not allowed to use Pinterest. If you are based in a state or country with an older age requirement, you can only use the Services if you are at or over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing. Please visit the
Help Centre
for more information.
How we make changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect, the new Policy shall apply to you. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice, such as by sending you an email.
Contact us
The best way to get in touch with us or to exercise your options described above is through the
Help Centre
. If you live in the United States, Pinterest, Inc. is responsible for your information. You can contact Pinterest Inc. at 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
You can also contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
Effective date outside EEA, UK and Switzerland: 13 March 2024
Effective date in EEA, UK and Switzerland: 30 April 2024
Table of contents
California Privacy Statement
Summary of changes
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Scope of the Privacy Policy
We collect information in a few different ways
How we use the info we collect
Additional info for EEA, Swiss and UK data subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
Your rights and choices
How and when we share information
Transferring your information
How long we keep your information for
Our policy on children's information
How we make changes to this policy
Contact us
Sub-policy 2
https://www.snap.com/en-GB/privacy/privacy-policy:
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Centre
Privacy Principles
Privacy by product
Privacy Policy
Teens on Snapchat
Snap and Ads
Privacy Through Security
We've updated our Privacy Policy, effective 7 April 2025. You can view the prior Privacy Policy, which applies to all users until 7 April 2025,
here
.
Privacy Policy
Effective: 7 April 2025
Welcome to
Snap Inc.
’s Privacy Policy. This policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Looking for a quick summary on our privacy practices? Check out this
page
or this
video
. If you’re looking for specific product privacy information, for example, how we process your Chats and Snaps, take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page. In addition to these documents, we also show in-app notices that provide you more information about our products and services. And if you’re a Spectacles user you can learn more on how we collect and use your data in the
Spectacles Supplemental Privacy Policy
.
Transparency is one of our core values at Snap. We believe there shouldn’t be any surprises about the data we collect and how we use it – that’s why we’re upfront with how we process it. For example, we process your information to provide you a more personalised experience, including to show you content and information that is most relevant to your experience, as well as more relevant advertisements. Understanding your interests and preferences help us provide a better product experience.
Furthermore, we believe a personalised experience should not come at the expense of your privacy. Just like in real life, there are some moments you want to share privately with your close friends, and others that you want to share publicly. That’s why from day one our philosophy has been to delete content by default and to give Snapchatters control by providing the tools that allow them to decide what happens with their content, like who to share it with or when to save it.
This policy covers our Snapchat app as well as our other products, services and features, such as Bitmoji, Spectacles and our advertising and commerce initiatives. When you read "Services" in this policy, we’re talking about all of them. Also, if you see us refer to our "Terms", we mean the
Terms of Service
that you agree to when you sign up for our services. Finally, if you see the term "Snapchatter" we are often using that as shorthand for any user of our services.
Let’s get started with the controls you have over your information:
Control over your information
Control over your information and settings is a core part of Snapchat experience. You can access, update and delete your information, decide who can contact you and download your data from within the Snapchat app. Below, we give you more details on the types of settings that are available, link out to our data download tool and provide instructions on how to delete data or your account.
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with a range of tools, including:
Access and update your information.
You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our Services. Just navigate to your settings and you will see the options available to you.
Delete your information.
If you want to delete your account, learn how
here
. You can also delete some information within our Services, like content you’ve saved to Memories, content you’ve shared with My AI, Spotlight submissions and more.
Control who can see your content.
We’ve built a number of tools that let you choose who you share your content with. In some cases you may want to share content with your friends, and in other instances you may want to share it with the public. To learn more, go
here
.
Control who can contact you.
Snapchat is intended for close friends and family, that’s why we’ve built controls that help you decide who can contact you. If you receive unwanted communications, you can always
block
and
report
that person. Please go
here
to learn more.
Change your permissions.
In most cases, you can change your permissions at any time. For example, by default you are findable to others through your phone number and/or email address that you provided. If you no longer want to be findable, you can always change your settings. Or if you provided access to your phone or third party platform contacts to make friending easier, you can change that later on in your app settings. Of course, if you do that, certain features and Services, like finding friends in your contact book, won’t work.
Opt out of promotional messages.
You have the option to opt out or unsubscribe from promotional emails and messages sent by SMS or other messaging platforms. To do so, just follow the instructions in the message like an unsubscribe link or similar functionality.
Download your data.
You can make a request in our
Download My Data
tool to export a copy of your Snapchat information.
Object to processing.
Depending on where you live and the particular data we are processing, you may have the right to object to our processing of that information. This gets a bit technical, so we’ve explained it in more detail
here
.
Set advertising preferences.
We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests, but if you’d like to have a less personalised experience, you can change your advertising settings in the Snapchat app. Learn more
here
.
Tracking.
If you use an iPhone with iOS 14.5 or above, some specific requirements apply, which we’ve specified
here
.
Information we collect
This section provides you with details on what information we collect: what you provide to us, what we collect when you use Snapchat and information we receive from other companies or apps you’ve connected to your Snapchat account. Sometimes, we may also collect additional information, with your permission.
When you use our Services, such as Snapchat, we collect information you provide to us, generate information when you use our Services and in some cases receive data from others. Let’s break these down in more detail.
Information You Provide
Many of our Services require you to set up an account. To do this, we ask you to provide us with
account details
(information about you, like your name, username, email address, birthday and phone number). When you set up your profile, you’ll also provide us with
profile details
(like your Bitmoji and profile picture). If you use our commerce products to buy something, like those latest sneakers, we may ask you for
payment and related information
(like your physical address, so we can ship the product to you, and payment information, so we can process the payment and transaction history).
Of course, you’ll also provide us with information you send through or save within our Services, including content and information about that content, and content you share and generate with our
AI Features
(content, or “Inputs,” including text, images, video, audio, precise location and engagement, used to generate content and responses, or “Outputs”). We consider some of this information to be
private content and communications
(like Snaps and Chats with friends, voice and video calls, and content that is saved in My Eyes Only). Or content you share with a particular audience like
private & friend stories
(My Story set to Friends, Private Stories). On the other end of the spectrum, some of the information you send through or save within our Services may be
public content
that is accessible to everyone (such as Public Story content, including My Story set to Everyone, Shared Stories and Community Stories, Spotlight or Snap Map submissions and Public Profile information). Keep in mind that Snapchatters who view your Snaps, Chats and any other content, can always screenshot that content, save it or copy it outside the Snapchat app. So please don’t send messages or share content that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share.
Lastly, when you
contact Support
(content and communications shared with Support) or our Safety team, or communicate with us in any other way, including through our
research efforts
(like responses to surveys, consumer panels or other research questions), we’ll collect whatever information you provide or that we need to resolve your question.
Information We Generate When You Use Our Services
When you use our Services, we collect information about which of those Services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. This helps us better understand the way our community uses our Services so that we can make improvements.
This includes
usage information
(information about how you interact with our – for example, which Lenses you view and apply, your premium subscriptions, Stories you watch, and how often you interact with other Snapchatters) and
content information
(information about content you create or provide, your engagement with the camera and creative tools, your interactions with My AI and metadata – for example, information about the content itself like the date and time it was posted and who viewed it).
Content information
includes information based on the content of the image, video or audio – so if you post a Spotlight of a basketball game, we may use that information to show you more content on Spotlight about basketball.
This also includes
device information
(such as your hardware or software, operating system, device memory, advertising identifiers, apps installed, browser type, information from device sensors that measure the motion of your device or compasses and microphones, including whether you have headphones connected and information about your wireless and mobile connections),
location information
(IP address),
information collected by cookies and similar technologies
, depending on your settings, (cookies,
pixels
(small graphic data that recognise user activity, such as if and how often a user has visited a website), web storage, unique advertising identifiers) and
log information
(such as details about how you’ve used our Services, access times, pages viewed, IP address and unique identifiers like cookies).
If you’ve explicitly granted device-level permissions,
device information
may also include information about your
device phonebook
(contacts and related information), images and other information from your device’s
camera, photos and microphone
(like the ability to take photos, videos, view stored photos and videos, and access the microphone to record audio while recording video) and
location information
(precise location through methods like GPS signals).
Data We Receive From Others
The last category of data we collect is information about you that we may receive from others, such as other users, our
affiliates
and third parties. This includes
linked third-party service data
(information we get when you link your Snapchat account to another service),
data from advertisers
(information from advertisers, app developers, publishers and other third parties to help target or measure the performance of ads),
contact info from other Snapchatters or third parties
(if another Snapchatter uploads their contact list which includes your information, we may combine that with other information we have about you to better understand who you may want to communicate with. Or, if you provide us with your contact information, we may use that to determine if we can communicate with you in other ways, like SMS, email or other messaging services) and
data relating to potential violations of our Terms
(we may receive information from third parties, including website publishers, social network providers, law enforcement and others, about potential violators of our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines).
Other Information, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask your permission to collect additional information. For example, before accessing your device’s camera roll or your device or third party contact book.
How we use information
This section explains how we use the information we collect. Among other things, we use the information we collect to provide you with personalised products and Services that we work hard to build and improve. Below, we walk through each purpose for which we use information in detail. If you’d like to see a mapping of the data we collect with the purposes for which we collect it, we have a table
here
.
Keep Things Up & Running (i.e. operate, deliver and maintain our Services)
We use the information we collect in order to operate, deliver and maintain our Services. For example, by delivering a Snap you want to send to a friend or, if you share your location on Snap Map, to show you suggestions like places you might like in your neighbourhood, content others have posted to the Map or your friends if they’re sharing their location with you. We also use some of your information to help keep our products up to date, for example to make sure that our Services work with the latest operating systems and devices.
Personalise Your Experience & Give Context
We offer personalised Services to Snapchatters. One of the ways we do this is by showing you content that is relevant to you, or we think you may enjoy based on the information you share with us. To do so, we use information about you across different areas of the Services in order to add context to your Snapchat experience. For example, we automatically tag content with labels based on the content, your location or the time of day. So if there's a dog in the photo, it may be searchable in Memories by the term “dog,” show up on the Map at the location where you created the Memory and inform us that you’re into dogs, so we can surface you fun dog videos and dog food ads in other parts of our Services, such as Spotlight.
Personalisation can also help with suggesting friends or recommending a new friend to send a Snap to based on who you Snap with the most. We may show recommended places on the Snap Map, generate stickers or even generate Snaps and other content using AI, infer your interests based on your content or activity, or customize the content we show you, including ads. For example, if you watch barista content on Spotlight, talk to My AI about your favourite espresso machine or save a lot of coffee-related Snaps in your Memories, we may highlight coffee shops on the Snap Map when you visit a new city or show you content about coffee that you may find interesting or relevant. Or, if you interact with a lot of music venues we may use that to show you ads for upcoming shows in town. Personalisation also includes tailoring your experience based on who you interact with most and what your friends are doing, including showing you content your friends create, like or enjoy on Spotlight or Place recommendations that are popular with your friends.
Our goal is to continuously provide you with more relevant and interesting content.
For example, if you watch a lot of sports content, but skip content with hair and makeup tips, our recommendation algorithms will prioritise sports, but not those makeup tips. You can learn more about how we understand Snapchatter preferences and rank and moderate content
here
.
We believe it is critical to also balance the benefits of personalisation with our Snapchatters’ expectations of privacy. For example, we may automatically tag the Snaps you save to Memories based on the content within it (e.g. the Snap contained a dog), and then use that tag to personalise your experience, make recommendations or show you ads (such as showing you Spotlight Snaps containing dogs). We do not use the
private content and communications
you send to your friends to personalise your experience, make recommendations or show you ads.
Provide Relevant Ads
Another way we provide a personalised Service is through the ads we show. We use your interests and preferences from the information we’ve collected to personalise, target and measure ads. We think ads are best when they’re relevant. That’s why we try to select the right ads and show them to you at the right time. For example, if you’ve interacted with ads for video games, we will infer that you like video games, and show you similar ads, but those won’t be the only ads you see. Similar to our content strategy, we try to ensure you receive a variety of ads. We also use your information to avoid showing you ads you probably won’t be interested in. For example, if a ticketing site tells us you’ve previously bought tickets for a movie – we can stop showing you ads for it. You can learn about the different types of advertising and your choices about which ads you receive
here
.
You can learn more about how we collect, use and share your information for advertising purposes
here
.
A note about
information collected by cookies and other technologies
: we may use these technologies to collect information when you interact with Services we offer through one of our partners. For example, we may use information collected on an advertiser’s website to show you more relevant ads. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. To learn more about how we and our partners use cookies on our Services and your choices, please check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Develop & Improve Features, Algorithms & Machine Learning Models
Our teams are constantly coming up with new ideas for features and ways to improve our Services. In order to do this, we also develop and improve the algorithms and
machine learning models
(an expression of an algorithm that combs through significant amounts of data to find patterns or make predictions) that make our features and Services work, including through
generative AI features
(artificial intelligence capable of generating text, images or other media, using generative models. Generative AI models learn the patterns and structure of their input training data and then generate new data that has similar characteristics). We use algorithms and
machine learning models
for personalisation, advertising, safety and security, fairness and inclusivity, augmented reality and to prevent abuse or other Terms of Service violations. For example, our algorithms and
machine learning models
take into account the conversations Snapchatters are having with My AI to improve the responses from My AI.
Your information can help us decide what kind of improvements we should make, but we are always focused on privacy – and we don’t want to use more of your personal information than is necessary to develop our features and models.
Analytics
In order to understand what to build or how to improve our Services, we need to understand trends and demand for our features. For example, we monitor metadata and trends about Group Chat use to help decide whether we should change parts of the feature, like the maximum size of a Group. Studying data from Snapchatters can help us see trends in the ways that people use the Services. This helps inspire us to improve Snapchat on a larger scale. We perform analytics in order to identify, monitor and analyse trends and usage. Based on this information, we will, among other things, create information about our users to help us understand demand.
Research
We conduct research to better understand general consumer interests, trends and how our Services are used by you and others in our community. This information, along with analytics (as we described above), helps us understand more about our community and about how our Services fit into the lives of those in our community. We also engage in research and development to develop new techniques and technologies (e.g. new
machine learning models
or hardware, such as Spectacles). The results of our research are sometimes used in features on Snapchat, and we sometimes publish papers about things like overall behaviours and consumer trends (which will only have aggregated data across our user base, and not contain any private information about you specifically).
Enhance the Safety & Security of Our Services
We use your information to enhance the safety and security of our Services, verify Snapchatter identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorised or illegal activity. For example, we provide two-factor authentication to help protect your account and can send you email or text messages if we notice any suspicious activity. We also scan URLs sent on Snapchat to see if that webpage is potentially harmful and can give you a warning about it.
Contacting You
Sometimes we’ll get in touch with you to promote new or existing features. This includes sending Snapchatters communications through Snapchat, email, SMS or other messaging platforms, where permitted. For example, we may use the Snapchat app, email, SMS or other messaging platforms to share information about our Services and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
Other times, we need to communicate with you to provide information, alerts or to send messages our users ask us to deliver at their request. This may include sending communications through Snapchat, email, SMS or other messaging platforms, where permitted, to deliver account status updates, security alerts and Chat or friending reminders; it may also include fulfilling our user’s request to send invites or Snapchat content to non-Snapchatters.
Support
When you ask for help, we want to get you support as quickly as possible. In order to provide you, the Snapchatter community and our business partners with the help needed to resolve issues with our Services, we often need to use the information we have collected to respond.
Enforce Our Terms & Policies
We use the data we collect to enforce our Terms and the law. This includes enforcing, investigating and reporting conduct that violates our Terms, policies or the law, responding to requests from law enforcement, and complying with legal requirements. For example, when unlawful content is posted on our Services, we may need to enforce our Terms and other policies. In some cases, we may also use or share your information to cooperate with law enforcement requests, escalate safety issues to law enforcement, industry partners or others, or comply with our legal obligations. Check out our
Transparency Report
to learn more.
Other Purposes, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask for your permission to use your information in a new, different or otherwise specific way.
How we share information
This section explains who we share information with, what that information may include and the reasons for sharing that information, including when we need to transfer it outside the country it was collected from.
Recipients & Reasons for Sharing
Snapchat.
To provide our Services to you and our community, we may share your information with your friends on Snapchat or other Snapchatters. For example, the content you post to Stories, or your status as a premium subscriber, can be viewed by your Friends if you allow them. See the
Control Over Your Information
section and your Settings for the controls you have over who sees what and when.
Family Centre Participants.
When you have enabled Family Centre, we share information about the connected teen account to the parent or guardian to provide insight about how the account is used, for example, who your Friends are on Snapchat or which friends you may be sharing your location with. We do not share message content.
Learn more
.
Public.
Most of the features on Snapchat are private and for Friends only, but we also offer public features that allow you to opt in to showcase your best Snaps to the world, such as Spotlight, Snap Map or your Public Profile. When you do this, those Snaps may also be discoverable outside of Snapchat, for example on the web. Some information, like your username and Bitmoji, are visible to the public.
Learn more
.
Third-Party Apps.
Sometimes we provide features that allow you to connect with third-party apps. If you decide to connect your Snapchat account with a third-party app, we will share any additional information you direct us to.
Service Providers.
We share your information with our service providers, who process that information on our behalf.  For example, we rely on such Service Providers to facilitate payments, measure and optimise the performance of ads or protect the services. We do not share private communications with them. We maintain a list of categories of service providers
here
.
Business and Integrated Partners.
We share your information with business and integrated partners in order to provide the Services. For example, you can use OpenTable within Snapchat to reserve a table. This does not include private communications. We maintain a list of these partners
here
.
Anti-Fraud Partners.
We share your information, such as device and usage information, with industry partners working to prevent fraud.
Legal, Safety and Security Partners.
We share your information as necessary for the following legal, safety and security reasons:
Comply with any valid legal process, governmental request or applicable law, rule or regulation.
Investigate, remedy or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations.
Protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others.
Detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
Affiliates.
Snap Inc.
consists of different
subsidiaries
owned by us.  We may share your information within those internal subsidiaries as needed to carry out our Services.
For the purposes of a Merger or Acquisition.
If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer, we may transfer your information to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
Integrated Partners
Our Services may contain content and integrations offered by our integrated partners. Examples include integrations in Lenses, Camera editing tools, to provide Scan results and third-party developer integrations. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the integrated partner as well as to Snap. We are not responsible for how those partners collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services. You can learn more about our integrations in Snapchat
here
.
On iOS, we use Apple’s TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of Lenses. Note, however, that this information is used in real time – we don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties.
International Data Transfers
Our Services connect you with your friends around the world. To make that possible, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to and store and process it in the United States or other countries outside where you live. Whenever we share information outside where you live, we ensure safeguards are in place to protect the data as required by law where you live. If you want to learn more about this, see the
Region Specific Information
section for more details.
How long we keep your information
In this section, we provide you with information on how long we keep your information, why we keep your information and also highlight how we may need to keep your information to comply with laws, courts and other obligations.
As a general rule, we keep information as long as you tell us to, and otherwise as long as we need it to provide our Services, or as required by law. For example, if you store something in Memories, we will keep it as long as you need it, but when you Chat with a friend, our systems are designed to delete Chats you send within 24 hours after your friend reads it (unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save it). Whether we retain your data depends on the specific feature, your settings and how you’re using the Services. Here are some more factors we consider when we decide how long to keep your information:
If we need the information to operate or provide our Services. For example, we store your basic
account details
– like your name, phone number and email address – to maintain your account.
To do the things you expect from our Services and as we’ve described within this Privacy Policy. For example, we maintain your list of friends until you ask us to delete them since friends are key to expressing yourself. Similarly, we keep your shared list of contacts until you ask us to remove them in our app settings (note: updating your device permissions may not remove the contacts you’ve previously shared with Snapchat).
Learn more
. Conversely, Snaps and Chats sent in Snapchat will be deleted by default from our servers within 24 hours after we detect they’ve been opened by all recipients or have expired, unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save something, in which case we will honour your choices.
The information itself. For example, we store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which Services you use. If location information is associated with a Snap – like those saved to Memories or posted to Snap Map or Spotlight – we'll retain that location as long as we store the Snap. Expert tip: you can see the location data we retain about you by
downloading your data
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm, investigate possible violations of our Terms of Service or other policies, investigate reports of abuse or protect ourselves or others.
Have a look at our
Privacy by Product
page and
support page
for details on the specific retention periods for products.
Although our systems are designed to delete some of your information automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will take place by a specific time.
In some cases we need to comply with legal requirements to store your data which stops us from deleting your information. For example, if we receive a notice from a court asking us to keep a copy of your content. Other reasons we may keep a copy of your data are if we get reports of abuse or other Terms or policy violations, or if your account, content created by you or content created with other Snapchatters is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms or policy violations. Finally, we may also keep certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law.
For the latest information about how long we store different types of content, check out our
Support Site
.
Region Specific Information
Depending on where you live you may have additional rights. This section provides more details on region specific information.
We do our best to keep our policies as simple as possible, but depending on where you live, you have some additional rights or there may be specific information that you should be aware of. Please have a look at the list below to see if any apply to you!
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Europe
Mexico
South Korea
Turkey
United States
Note:
The US State Privacy Notice applies only if you are a resident of certain US states that have implemented state-level privacy laws.
Some jurisdictions require that we state our legal basis for processing data for particular purposes. You can find that information
here
.
Our audience
Our Services are directed to individuals 13 years and older.
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and you must confirm that you are 13 years or older in order to create an account and use our Services. If we have actual knowledge that you are under the age of 13 (or the minimum age at which a person may use the Services in your state, province or country without parental consent, if greater), we will stop providing Services to you and delete your account and data.
In addition, we may also limit how we collect, use and store some of the information of Snapchatters under 18. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to people under the age of 18.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, and will give you a heads-up if we make any changes we think you should know about.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ home pages or providing you with an in-app notification).
Contact Us
Have any questions about the information here or wish to contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)? You can contact us
here
.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en:
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
EEA/UK/CH
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
04 December 2024
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
Introduction
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “
Platform
”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller
: If you live in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“
TikTok Ireland
”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“
TikTok UK
”), a UK company, ("
TikTok
," "
our
," "
we
," or "
us
") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
We collect your information in three ways:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. More detail is provided below.
Information You Provide
Account Information.
We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can choose to add other information to your account, such as a bio or image.
User Content.
We collect the content you create, import, upload or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect
User Content
through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that
User Content
, for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your
User Content
.
Messages.
We collect the content of the messages you send and receive on the Platform and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when using our shopping feature to communicate with sellers or using virtual assistants.
Your Contacts and Other Connections.
If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. We also collect information about the accounts you follow and that follow you.
Purchase Information.
When you make a purchase, a payment, or other transaction on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase products through our shopping features, we collect information about the transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and products you purchased.
Surveys, Research, and Promotions.
We collect
Information You Provide
if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us.
Information When You Contact Us.
When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our
Terms of Service
(our “
Terms
”),
Community Guidelines
(our “
Guidelines
”), or other policies.
Information From Forms and Features You Use
. We collect the
Information You Provide
when you fill in a form on the Platform. You can let TikTok fill in forms automatically with your account info, like your addresses or payment info.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information.
We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, system language and device settings. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Location Information.
We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your
Technical Information
(such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click
here
to learn more about how we collect Location Information.
Usage Information.
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about how you interact with content and ads, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, and your search history.
Content Characteristics and Features.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your
User Content
, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your
User Content
. We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions.
Inferred Information.
We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe (such as for content moderation), to show you relevant information, and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law.
Information From Other Sources
Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel). These partners are required to have the necessary rights and permissions to share your information with us before doing so. We process certain information that we receive from these partners as a joint controller with them.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these partners.
Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers.
We receive information about you from sellers as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, authentication ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate
TikTok Developer Tools
, we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. We may also receive information from third party providers which we use for safety purposes, including to protect users on the Platform and for content moderation.
Additional Sources.
We may collect or receive information about you from organisations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organisations, and charity groups. We also collect information about you where you are included or mentioned in
User Content
,
Messages
, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
”.
Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support.
Provide our shopping features (such as personalised shopping benefits) and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with sellers, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
Personalise and customise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed and content creation tools.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you. We review
User Content
and other information through a mix of technology (including through automated means) and human moderation to protect the safety and well-being of our community.
Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos,
Suggest your account to other users and suggest accounts of others to you to help connect you with other users.
Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted).
Create analytics reports so that partners, sellers and creators can see how their content, ads or products are performing and to better understand their audience and buyers.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training, testing, and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service.
Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.
Facilitate the sending of marketing communications by sellers to you on our Platform. We act as a joint controller with the sellers in this scenario.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these sellers.
Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people.
Protect the Platform and defend our legal rights and commercial interests, and those of our affiliates, users and the public.
How We Share Your Information
Service Providers
We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as: cloud hosting, and content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payments.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services.
Partners
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
We share limited information which may include
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
, and
Usage Information
with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform, or with whom we have a commercial relationship. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, allow sellers to view and manage your orders through our shopping features, and enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you:
log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other
Information You Provide
,
sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain
Technical Information
to facilitate this,
share
User Content
you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your
User Content
and related information.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness and understand their audience. These reports contain aggregate information of certain
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. We don’t share information with advertisers that can be used to contact you (such as your name or email address) unless you give us your permission.
Measurement and Data Partners.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
and
Usage Information
with third party measurement providers who create aggregate reports that help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers understand their effectiveness and their audience.
Sellers and their Service Providers.
When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share
Purchase Information
related to the transaction with the sellers and service providers acting on their behalf. This includes order items, contact details and delivery information so that your order can be processed. We also share certain
Technical Information
about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. When making a purchase through our shopping features, please review the product and seller location details provided on the Platform for information about where your information will be sent.
Users of Our Analytics Services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators, advertisers and sellers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their content, as well as information to understand their followers, buyers and the audience of their content. We create this aggregate information using
Information you Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
. In certain circumstances, TikTok is a joint controller with TikTok account holders for this processing.
Learn more
about the joint processing for TikTok Analytics.
Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“
Corporate Group
”). These entities process
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
for additional information.
Others
We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows:
Users and the Public.
Based on your privacy settings, your information, including your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Usage Information
may be visible to other users and the public. For example, if you have a public account and have not restricted the visibility of your posts individually, your
Account Information
and
User Content
can be viewed or shared by anyone on or off the Platform, whether or not they have a TikTok account. Depending on your privacy settings, your
Account Information
and
User Content
may also appear on search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos
here
.
Independent Researchers:
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
.
Corporate Transactions.
Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "
What Information We Collect
" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, researchers, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to:
comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,
protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,
investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or
detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity.
To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests.
Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section in the Privacy Policy.
Contractual Necessity
If you have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract, we use
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to:
Provide you with the Platform.
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Personalise features and content.
We also personalise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Product orders and deliveries.
We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing
Purchase Information
with Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Administer the Platform.
We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us.
Legitimate Interests
We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to:
Enable users to create content with interactive features
.
Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Suggest your account to other users
.
We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Provide all users with generic advertising
.
We show all users generic ads, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: We show generic ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language).
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Provide measurement and analytics services
.
We help creators, sellers and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable creators, sellers and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the safety and well-being of our community
.
We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing
User Content
(and if permitted under applicable law,
Messages
and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the security and stability of the Platform
.
We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Review, improve, promote, and develop the Platform
.
We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop, test, and make improvements to the Platform, including to develop and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends, and offer certain personalised features. We also review messages you exchange with customer support to improve technologies supporting such functions.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Facilitate independent research.
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click
here
to learn more
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Share your information with third parties
.
We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with, or otherwise made available on, the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To optimise your experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users, and to allow for the performance of commercial agreements.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Protect the Platform and defend legal rights
We may use your information in connection with preparing for, taking and defending actual or anticipated legal claims or proceedings (including investigating any potential claims we may have or be aware of).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: to protect the Platform and defend the legal rights and commercial interests of us, our affiliates, our users and the public.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Marketing communications
.
We may send you marketing messages about the Platform and third party products and services where we think they will interest you. Where required, we will obtain your consent to send you such communications.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To promote the Platform and third party products and services.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests and use the information we collect to:
Provide you with the Platform
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share, and consume content, interact with others, utilise features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Platform in an easy and intuitive manner..
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Personalise features and content
We use your information to personalise
certain
features and content
on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, create and engage with content and users relevant to their interests. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us in being able to access the Platform and content relevant to their interests.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To keep the Platform free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, or policies and to protect the safety of users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable. It is also in the legitimate interests of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Administer the Platform.
We use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with users and respond to and process queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To share meaningful updates with our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
Your Consent
We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings.
Personalised advertising
.
With your consent, we serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. Click
here
to learn more.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for this purpose.
Retain your payment card information.
With your consent, we store your payment card information to facilitate future transactions through our Platform.
Information used:
Information You Provide
Sellers’ marketing communications.
With your consent, we facilitate the sending of marketing communications to you by sellers on our Platform and/or share your email address with sellers for the purpose of sending marketing communications to you.
Information used:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Device permissions.
We collect information that you allow us to receive through your device-based settings (such as access to your camera, photos and location services) which we use for subsequent purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information used:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your rights
: Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these
instructions
.
You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We may use your information including your
Account Information
or
User Content
where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to communicate with you, take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order or disclosure request from regulators, law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
To perform a task in the public interest
We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your rights
: When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage.
To protect someone's vital interests
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your Rights and Choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK.
Access your information.
You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. In-app controls enable you to:
access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the "
me
" tab on your account.
request a copy of your information by using the “
Download your data
” tool. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
Delete your information.
You can delete or ask us to delete your information. In-app controls enable you to:
delete the content posted on your account, such as your
User Content
and your
Account Information
.
delete your full account. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available
here
).
Rectify your information.
You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your
Account Information
and video content).
Port your information.
You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “
Download your data
” in your settings. Click
here
for detailed instructions. You can also port your TikTok data through TikTok’s Data Portability API. Click
here
for further information.
Object to the processing of your information
. You also have the
right to object
to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims.
Restrict the processing of your information
. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our
webform
. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request.
We encourage you to “
Contact us
” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority.
In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click
here
for more information.
Your choice regarding the use of information across different services.
If you are a user in the EU, we offer you the choice of whether to combine and cross-use your TikTok activity data with our affiliated services, like TikTok Shop, where legally required.
Learn more
.
Data Security and Retention
Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Messages
. If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove
Information You Provide
including your
Account Information
and/or
User Content
from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation.
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
To support our global operations:
We store the information described in the “
What Information We Collect
” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore.
Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see
here
), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “
How We Share Your Information
”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols.
We share “
What Information We Collect
” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “
How We Share Your Information
”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence.
These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information.
When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the
European Commission
under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed
here
; or
Article 49. In the absence of an adequacy decision, We rely on Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) GDPR to transfer Purchase Information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to sellers and transaction fulfilment providers in countries without an adequacy decision when necessary to provide shopping features to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, or to process your orders; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved
contractual clauses
under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described
here
)
and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “
Contact us
” section below.
Younger Users
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this
webform
.
To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our
Help Centre
.
If you are the guardian of a teen, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes.
Contact Us
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our
webform
. You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer
here
.
You can also contact us at the following postal address.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
: TikTok Technology Limited, The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 HD23, Ireland.
For users in the United Kingdom
: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 5
https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Zurück zur Startseite
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
1. Übersicht
2. Welche personenbezogenen Daten erfassen wir?
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
4. Warum speichern wir personenbezogene Daten?
5. So nutzen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten
6. Geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter?
7. Wie arbeiten wir mit anderen Diensten und Partnern zusammen?
8. Wie verwenden wir Cookies und Nachverfolgungstechnologien?
9. Welche Datenschutzoptionen stehen Ihnen zur Verfügung?
10. Wie schützen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten?
11. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
12. Was sollten Sie noch wissen?
13. Setzen Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung
14. Begriffsbestimmungen
15. Zusätzliche Informationen
Druckfähige PDF-Datei herunterladen
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
Letzte Aktualisierung 21. Juni 2022
1. Übersicht
PayPal
hat diese Datenschutzerklärung entwickelt, um darzulegen, wie
PayPal
als
Datenverantwortlicher
personenbezogene Daten
von Ihnen erfasst, speichert, verarbeitet, weitergibt und übermittelt, wenn Sie unsere
Seiten
besuchen oder unsere
Dienste
nutzen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung bezieht sich auf personenbezogene Daten, die sich aus Ihrem Besuch unserer Seiten oder Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste ergeben. Sie gilt nicht für Seiten oder Dienstleistungen, die nicht uns gehören bzw. die wir nicht kontrollieren. Ebenso gilt diese Datenschutzerklärung nicht für Seiten oder Dienstleistungen anderer PayPal-
Kunden
.
Die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung dient ausschließlich dem Zweck, Ihnen Informationen über unsere Datenschutzmaßnahmen zu geben, und soll aufzeigen, welche Datenschutzoptionen Ihnen zur Verfügung stehen, wenn Sie unsere Seiten und Dienste nutzen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass unser Dienstleistungsangebot von Region zu Region unterschiedlich ausfallen kann.
Wir haben einige der im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung verwendeten Begriffe mit Definitionen versehen. Die definierten Begriffe finden Sie im Abschnitt
Begriffsbestimmungen
.
Kontaktieren Sie uns
, wenn Sie Fragen zu unseren Datenschutzmaßnahmen haben, die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung nicht beantwortet werden.
2. Welche personenbezogenen Daten erfassen wir?
Wir erfassen personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen, wenn Sie unsere Seiten besuchen oder unsere Dienste nutzen. Dazu gehören folgende Informationen:
Informationen zur Registrierung und Nutzung
– Wenn Sie sich registrieren, um unsere Dienste zu nutzen, und dafür ein
Konto
einrichten, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten, die notwendig sind, um die von Ihnen angeforderten Dienste anzubieten und zu erbringen. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Dienstleistungen brauchen wir zur Einrichtung eines Kontos Ihren Namen, Ihre Postanschrift, Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse und Identifikationsdaten.Gegebenenfalls bitten wir Sie, uns zur Nutzung unserer Dienste weitere personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen.
Transaktions- und Erfahrungsdaten –
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen oder auf unsere Seiten zugreifen, z.B. um bei Händlern einzukaufen, Geld zu erhalten, Zahlungen abzuwickeln oder Geld an Freunde und Familie zu senden, erheben wir Informationen über die Transaktion sowie andere mit der Transaktion verbundene Informationen, wie z.B. den gesendeten oder angeforderten Betrag, den für Produkte oder Dienstleistungen gezahlten Betrag, Informationen über den Händler, einschließlich Informationen über die zur Durchführung der Transaktion verwendeten Zahlungsmittel,
Geräteinformationen
,
technische Nutzungsdaten
und
Geolokationsdaten
.
Personenbezogene Daten von Transaktionsbeteiligten –
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen oder auf unsere Seiten zugreifen, erfassen wir die von Ihnen bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten über Beteiligte, die mit der Transaktion in Verbindung stehen.
Geld senden oder anfordern:
Wenn Sie über unsere Dienste Geld senden oder anfordern, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten wie den Namen, die Postanschrift, die Telefonnummer und die Kontoinformationen des Empfängers oder Senders. Der Umfang der erforderlichen personenbezogenen Daten eines Beteiligten richtet sich nach den Diensten, die Sie zum Senden oder Anfordern von Geld nutzen.
Selbst zahlen oder jemand anderen zur Zahlung einer Rechnung auffordern:
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste verwenden, um eine Rechnung für jemand anderen zu bezahlen, oder wenn Sie einen PayPal-Kunden auffordern, eine Rechnung von Ihnen zu zahlen, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten über den Kontoinhaber wie Name, Postanschrift, Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse und Kontonummer der Rechnung, die Sie bezahlen oder deren Zahlung Sie anfordern.
Ihrem Konto Guthaben hinzufügen
: Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, um Ihrem Konto oder einem anderen Konto Guthaben hinzuzufügen, oder wenn Sie einen anderen Kunden bitten, einem dieser Konten Guthaben hinzuzufügen, erheben wir zur Vereinfachung der Bearbeitung personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen über die andere Partei oder umgekehrt. Wenn Sie beispielsweise unsere Dienste nutzen, um ein Mobiltelefon aufzuladen oder um Guthaben anzufordern, das Sie Ihrem Mobilfunkkonto hinzufügen möchten, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten und andere Informationen, einschließlich der Mobilfunknummer des anderen Teilnehmers.
Personenbezogene Daten Ihrer Freunde und Kontakte –
Es ist einfacher für uns, Ihnen bei der Abwicklung von Transaktionen mit Ihren Freunden und Kontakten zu helfen, wenn Sie Ihre Kontaktlistendaten mit Ihrem Konto verbinden. Wenn Sie eine Kontoverbindung zwischen Ihrem Gerät oder einer Social-Media-Plattform und Ihrem Konto herstellen, werden wir Ihre Kontaktlistendaten (wie Namen, Adresse, E-Mail-Adresse) zur Verbesserung der Benutzerfreundlichkeit verwenden.
Personenbezogene Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen, um zusätzliche Dienste oder bestimmte Online-Dienste zu erhalten –
Wenn Sie eine optionale Seiten-Funktion anfordern oder nutzen bzw. erweiterte Dienste oder andere wählbare Funktionen anfordern, erfassen wir möglicherweise weitere Daten von Ihnen. Wir senden Ihnen eine gesonderte Benachrichtigung zum Zeitpunkt der Erhebung, wenn die personenbezogenen Daten auf andere Art verwendet werden, als in dieser Datenschutzerklärung festgelegt.
Personenbezogene Daten über Sie, wenn Sie die Dienstleistung "Checkout ohne PayPal-Konto" nutzen.
Es stehen bestimmte eingeschränkte Dienste zur Verfügung, ohne dass Sie sich bei uns einloggen oder ein Konto eröffnen müssen, das auch als Checkout ohne PayPal-Konto bezeichnet wird. Wir erfassen personenbezogene Daten, Informationen über mögliche verwendete Finanzierungsinstrumente, Geräteinformationen, technische Nutzungsdaten und Geolokationsdaten, wenn dies für die Abwicklung der Transaktion erforderlich ist. Wenn Sie Kontoinhaber sind und einen Checkout ohne PayPal-Konto-Transaktion vornehmen, erfassen wir möglicherweise Informationen über die Transaktion und verknüpfen sie im Rahmen unserer Compliance- und Analysetätigkeiten mit Ihrem Konto. Wenn Sie kein Kontoinhaber sind und sich für einen Checkout ohne PayPal-Konto-Transaktion entscheiden, erfassen und speichern wir alle Informationen, die Sie zur Verfügung stellen, und verwenden diese Informationen gemäß dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Von Dritten bezogene personenbezogene Daten über Sie –
Wir erhalten Informationen von Dritten, wie z.B. Händlern, Datenanbietern und Kreditauskunfteien, soweit dies gesetzlich zulässig ist.
Andere Daten, die wir im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Nutzung unserer Seiten oder Dienste erheben –
Wir erheben gegebenenfalls zusätzliche Informationen von Ihnen oder über Sie, wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, sich an unsere Kundenservice-Teams wenden oder an einer Umfrage teilnehmen.
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, ohne ein Konto zu eröffnen oder sich in ein Konto einzuloggen, erheben wir dennoch personenbezogene Daten, z.B. Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, Geräteinformationen und Ihren Standort. In einem solchen Fall nutzen wir diese Daten zur Bearbeitung von Transaktionen, zur Prävention von Betrug und zur Einhaltung der rechtlichen Vorgaben. Wir können diese Informationen mit Ihrem Konto verknüpfen, falls Sie ein Konto haben oder zu einem späteren Zeitpunkt eröffnen.
4. Warum speichern wir personenbezogene Daten?
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten, wenn dies zur Erfüllung unserer gesetzlichen oder regulatorischen Verpflichtungen erforderlich ist, und aus geschäftlichen Gründen. Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten für längere Zeiträume als gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, wenn dies in unserem berechtigten Unternehmensinteresse liegt und nicht gesetzlich verboten ist. Bei Schließung Ihres Kontos können wir Maßnahmen ergreifen, um personenbezogene Daten und weitere Informationen zu maskieren. Wir behalten uns jedoch die Möglichkeit vor, die Daten so lange zu speichern und darauf zuzugreifen, wie dies zur Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts erforderlich ist. Die Verwendung und Offenlegung solcher personenbezogenen Daten erfolgt weiterhin in Übereinstimmung mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
5. So nutzen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten
verarbeiten
, wenn eine gültige Rechtsgrundlage dafür besteht. Je nach Sachverhalt beruht die Verarbeitung auf Ihrer Einwilligung oder dem Umstand, dass sie zur Erfüllung eines Vertrags mit Ihnen oder zur Einhaltung des Rechts notwendig ist. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch verarbeiten, wenn wir der Ansicht sind, dass dies unter Berücksichtigung Ihrer Interessen, Rechte und Erwartungen unserem berechtigten Interesse oder demjenigen anderer Personen entspricht.
Erbringung von Dienstleistungen, die für die Erfüllung unseres Vertrags mit Ihnen notwendig sind, einschließlich:
Zum Betreiben der Seiten und zur Bereitstellung der Dienste
, darunter:
Erfüllung einer vorvertraglichen Verpflichtung
Anweisen einer Zahlung, Senden oder Anfordern von Geld, Hinzufügen von Guthaben zu einem Konto oder Bezahlen einer Rechnung
Authentifizieren Ihres Zugriffs auf ein Konto
Kommunikation mit Ihnen in Bezug auf Ihr Konto, die Seiten, Dienste oder PayPal
Erstellen einer Kontoverknüpfung zwischen Ihrem Konto und einem Drittanbieter-Konto oder einer Drittanbieter-Plattform
Bonitätsüberprüfung und andere Überprüfungen der Kreditwürdigkeit, Bewerten von Anwendungen, Informationsabgleich zur Prüfung auf Richtigkeit und Verifizierung und
laufende Aktualisierung Ihrer Konto- und Finanzdaten.
Zur Verwaltung unserer Unternehmensanforderungen
, wie z. B. Überwachung, Analyse und Verbesserung der Dienstleistungen sowie der Leistung und Funktionalität der Seiten. Zum Beispiel analysieren wir das Nutzerverhalten und führen Recherchen über die Verwendung unserer Dienste durch.
Zur Steuerung von Risiken und zum Schutz unserer Sites, Dienste und Kunden vor Betrug, indem wir Ihre Identität bestätigen
. Die Risiko- und Betrugstools von PayPal verwenden
personenbezogene Daten
,
Geräteinformationen
,
technische Nutzungsdaten
und
Geolokationsdaten
von unseren Seiten und Websites, auf denen PayPal-Dienste angeboten werden, um Betrug und Missbrauch der Dienste aufzudecken und zu verhindern.
Zur Erfüllung unserer Verpflichtungen und zur Durchsetzung der Bedingungen unserer Seiten und Dienste.
Dies umfasst auch die Einhaltung aller geltenden Gesetze und Vorschriften.
Zur Wahrnehmung unserer berechtigten Interessen, einschließlich:
Durchsetzung
der Bedingungen unserer Seiten und Dienste;
Verwaltung unserer tagtäglichen Unternehmensanforderungen
wie Überwachung, Analyse;
Management von Risiken, Betrug und Missbrauch von PayPal-Diensten;
Anonymisieren personenbezogener Daten
, um zusammenfassende Statistikdaten an Dritte, einschließlich anderer Unternehmen und der Öffentlichkeit, weitergeben zu können, aus denen hervorgeht, wie, wann und warum PayPal-Kunden auf unsere Seiten zugreifen und unsere Dienste nutzen;
Durchführung von Business-to-Business-Marketing;
und
Bereitstellung personalisierter Dienste (auch als interessenbasierte Werbung bezeichnet)
durch PayPal über Websites Dritter und Onlinedienste. Wir können Sie betreffende personenbezogene Daten und sonstige Informationen, die wir gemäß dieser Datenschutzerklärung erhoben haben, nutzen, um Ihnen personalisierte Anzeigen, Funktionen oder Angebote auf Websites von Dritten bereitzustellen.
Mit Ihrer Zustimmung, auch für Folgendes:
Um Ihnen PayPal-Produkte und -Dienste sowie Produkte und Dienste nicht verbundener Unternehmen anzubieten. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch verarbeiten, um die Marketinginhalte und bestimmte Dienste oder Seiteninhalte so abzustimmen, dass Sie Ihren Interessen auf PayPal und anderen Websites von Dritten besser entsprechen.
Um Cookies und andere Nachverfolgungstechnologien einzusetzen und Ihnen so personalisierte Anzeigen, Funktionen, Dienste oder Angebote bereitzustellen und/oder um mit anderen Drittanbietern wie Händlern, Werbe- oder Analytikunternehmen zusammenzuarbeiten und Ihnen so diese personalisierten Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen (auch als interessenbasierte Werbung bezeichnet).
Um Ihnen ortsspezifische Optionen, Funktionen oder Angebote bereitzustellen, wenn Sie sich entscheiden, Ihre Geolokationsinformationen über die Dienste zu teilen. Wir verwenden diese Informationen, um die Sicherheit der Seiten und Dienste zu verbessern, und bieten Ihnen ortsbezogene Dienste wie Werbung, Suchergebnisse und andere personalisierte Inhalte (auch als interessenbasierte Werbung bezeichnet).
Damit Sie andere Personen schneller finden und sich mit ihnen vernetzen können, nutzen wir die Daten, die Sie an unseren Dienst übermittelt haben, gegebenenfalls, um Ihnen Verbindungen zwischen Ihnen und Personen, die Sie vielleicht kennen, vorzuschlagen. Beispielsweise können wir Informationen, die wir aufgrund der Nutzung unserer Dienste durch Sie und Ihre Kontakte über Sie haben, und Informationen, die Sie und andere uns zur Verfügung stellen, verknüpfen, um Ihnen Personen vorzuschlagen, die Sie möglicherweise kennen oder mit denen Sie eventuell über unsere Dienste in Kontakt treten möchten. Soziale Funktionalität und Funktionen, die Ihnen die Nutzung der Dienste mit anderen erleichtern sollen, variieren je nach Service.
Um auf Ihre Anfragen zu antworten, zum Beispiel um Sie in Bezug auf eine Frage zu kontaktieren, die Sie an unser Kundenservice-Team gerichtet haben.
6. Geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter?
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten oder sonstige Informationen über Sie auf verschiedene Weise an andere weitergeben, wie in diesem Abschnitt der Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten oder sonstigen Informationen aus folgenden Gründen weitergeben:
An andere Mitglieder der PayPal-Unternehmensgruppe:
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Mitglieder der PayPal-Unternehmensgruppe weitergeben, unter anderem um die von Ihnen angeforderten oder autorisierten Dienste zu erbringen, um Risiken zu steuern, um zur Aufdeckung und Verhinderung potenziell unrechtmäßiger und betrügerischer Handlungen und sonstiger Verstöße gegen unsere Richtlinien und Vereinbarungen beizutragen und um die Verfügbarkeit und Konnektivität von Produkten und Diensten und der Kommunikation von PayPal verwalten zu können.
An andere Unternehmen, die Dienstleistungen an uns erbringen:
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an Drittanbieter weiter, die unter unserer Anleitung und in unserem Auftrag Dienstleistungen und Funktionen erbringen. Diese Drittanbieter stellen Ihnen beispielsweise Dienste bereit, verifizieren Ihre Identität, unterstützen uns bei der Verarbeitung von Transaktionen, senden Ihnen Werbung für unsere Produkte und Dienste oder bieten Kundenservice.
An andere Finanzinstitute:
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an andere Finanzinstitute weiter, mit denen wir eine Partnerschaft eingegangen sind, um gemeinsam Produkte zu entwickeln und anzubieten. Ohne Ihre ausdrückliche Einwilligung dürfen diese Finanzinstitute die Informationen nur dazu verwenden, PayPal-Produkte zu vermarkten und anzubieten. Wir können personenbezogene Daten auch weitergeben, um Transaktionen zu verarbeiten, Ihnen Vorteile in Zusammenhang mit Ihren für PayPal verwendbaren Karten zu gewähren und Ihre Finanzdaten auf dem neuesten Stand zu halten.
An andere Parteien einer Transaktion, wenn Sie die Dienste nutzen, wie z.B. an andere PayPal-Kunden, Händler und deren Dienstleister:
Wir können Informationen über Sie und Ihr Konto an die anderen Parteien weitergeben, die an der Verarbeitung Ihrer Transaktionen beteiligt sind. Dazu gehören auch andere Nutzer, denen Sie Geld senden oder von denen Sie Geld erhalten, sowie Händler und deren Dienstleister. Die Informationen könnten Folgendes umfassen:
Personenbezogene Daten und Kontoinformationen, die zur Erleichterung der Transaktion erforderlich sind;
Personenbezogene Daten, die (ein) andere(r) Transaktionsteilnehmer zur Klärung von Konflikten und zur Prüfung und Prävention von Betrug benötigt bzw. benötigen; und
Anonymisierte Daten und Leistungsanalysen, die Händlern dabei helfen, die Nutzung unserer Dienste besser zu verstehen und die Zufriedenheit der PayPal-Kunden zu steigern.
An andere Drittparteien für unsere geschäftlichen Zwecke oder wie
gesetzlich zulässig oder vorgeschrieben:
Wir können Informationen über Sie an andere Parteien für die Geschäftszwecke von PayPal oder im Rahmen der gesetzlichen Bestimmungen weitergeben, einschließlich:
wenn wir dazu verpflichtet sind, um ein Gesetz, ein rechtskräftiges Urteil oder eine Vorschrift zu erfüllen;
an Strafverfolgungsbehörden, andere Regierungsbeamte oder andere Dritte aufgrund einer Vorladung, eines Gerichtsbeschlusses oder eines anderen gesetzlichen Verfahrens oder einer gesetzlichen Bestimmung, die für PayPal oder die PayPal-Unternehmensgruppe gelten;
wenn wir nach eigenem Ermessen der Auffassung sind, dass die Weitergabe von personenbezogenen Daten erforderlich oder angemessen ist, um physische Schäden oder finanzielle Verluste zu verhindern oder um die Ermittlung einer möglichen oder tatsächlichen illegalen Aktivität zu unterstützen;
um wesentliche Interessen einer Person zu schützen;
an Kreditauskunfteien und Datenverarbeiter zwecks Referenz für Kreditprüfungen, zur Betrugsbekämpfung und zu Compliance-Zwecken;
um Verstöße gegen für unsere Dienste geltende Nutzungsbedingungen oder sonstige rechtliche Bestimmungen zu untersuchen oder um diese Rechtsinstrumente durchzusetzen;
zum Schutz unserer Vermögenswerte, Dienste und Rechte;
um einen Kauf oder Verkauf des Unternehmens von PayPal oder von Teilen des Unternehmens zu erleichtern;
im Zusammenhang mit Versanddiensten und ähnlichen Dienstleistungen für Einkäufe mit einem unserer Dienste;
zwecks Beurteilung und Management von Risiken und Prävention von Betrug, der sich gegen uns und unsere Kunden richtet, sowie von Betrug im Zusammenhang mit unseren Seiten oder der Nutzung unserer Dienste. Dies umfasst auch Betrug, in den unsere Geschäftspartner, strategischen Ventures oder andere Personen und Händler involviert sind oder der sich bei diesen Personen ereignet, beispielsweise eBay, Inc.;
an unsere Bankpartner gemäß den Regeln der Kreditkartenvereinigungen zur Aufnahme in die Liste der gekündigten Händler;
an Kreditauskunfteien und Inkassounternehmen;
an Unternehmen, mit denen eine Firmenzusammenlegung oder Übernahme geplant ist; und
um unsere Audit-, Compliance- und Unternehmensführungsfunktionen zu unterstützen.
Mit Ihrer Zustimmung: Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und andere Informationen auch weiter, wenn Sie Ihre Zustimmung dazu geben oder uns dazu anweisen. Dies gilt auch für den Fall, dass Sie eine Verknüpfung mit dem Konto bzw. der Plattform von Dritten autorisieren.
Darüber hinaus kann PayPal zusammengefasste statistische Daten über die Art und Weise, die Zeiträume und die Gründe des Besuchs unserer Seiten und der Verwendung unserer Dienste durch Nutzer an Dritte, einschließlich an andere Unternehmen und Bürger, weitergeben. Diese Daten identifizieren Sie nicht persönlich und bieten keine Informationen über Ihre Nutzung der Seiten oder Dienste.
Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten ohne Ihre Einwilligung nicht an Dritte für deren Marketingzwecke weiter.
7. Wie arbeiten wir mit anderen Diensten und Partnern zusammen?
Ein innovativer Vorteil der Dienste von PayPal ist, dass Sie Ihr Konto mit dem Konto oder der Plattform eines Drittanbieters verknüpfen können. Für die Zwecke dieser Datenschutzerklärung ist eine „Kontoverknüpfung“ mit Dritten eine von Ihnen autorisierte oder gestattete Verknüpfung zwischen Ihrem Konto und einem Drittanbieterkonto oder -zahlungsinstrument oder einer Plattform, die Sie rechtmäßig kontrollieren oder besitzen. Wenn Sie eine solche Verknüpfung autorisieren, erfolgt ein direkter Austausch Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zwischen PayPal und dem Drittanbieter. Beispiele für Kontoverknüpfungen:
Sie verknüpfen Ihr Konto mit einem Social-Media-Konto oder Social-Messaging-Dienst;
Sie verknüpfen Ihr Konto mit einem Datenerhebungsunternehmen oder mit einem Finanzdienstleister, wenn Sie einem solchen Unternehmen Ihre Anmeldedaten mitteilen; oder
Sie verwenden Ihr Konto für Zahlungen an einen Händler oder gestatten einem Händler, Ihr Konto zu belasten.
Wenn Sie eine Kontoverknüpfung erstellen, erhalten wir eventuell Daten vom Drittanbieter über Sie und Ihre Nutzung von Drittanbieter-Dienstleistungen. Wenn Sie Ihr Konto beispielsweise mit einem Social-Media-Konto verknüpfen, erhalten wir mittels der Kontoverknüpfung vom Social-Media-Anbieter personenbezogene Daten. Wenn Sie Ihr Konto direkt oder über einen Drittanbieter mit anderen Finanzkonten verknüpfen, haben wir gegebenenfalls Zugriff auf Ihren Kontostand und Transaktionsdaten, wie z. B. Einkäufe und Überweisungen. Wir nutzen die Daten, die wir von einem Dritten mittels einer Kontoverknüpfung erhalten, ausschließlich gemäß den Bestimmungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Informationen, die wir aufgrund einer Kontoverknüpfung an Dritte weitergeben, werden gemäß den Datenschutzbestimmungen des Dritten verwendet und offengelegt. Vor der Genehmigung einer Kontoverknüpfung sollten Sie stets die Datenschutzerklärung des betreffenden Drittanbieters prüfen, für den Sie eine Kontoverknüpfung autorisieren, mit der er Zugriff auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhält. Beispielsweise können personenbezogene Daten, die PayPal an ein Drittanbieter-Konto oder eine Drittanbieter-Plattform weitergibt (z. B. ein Social-Media-Konto), je nach Datenschutzbestimmungen des Kontos oder der Plattform wiederum an bestimmte Dritte, einschließlich der allgemeinen Öffentlichkeit, weitergegeben werden.
8. Wie verwenden wir Cookies und Nachverfolgungstechnologien?
Wenn Sie unsere Seiten besuchen, unsere Dienste verwenden, oder eine Drittanbieter-Website besuchen, für die wir Online-Dienste zur Verfügung stellen, setzen wir bzw. unsere Geschäftspartner und Anbieter gegebenenfalls Cookies und andere Nachverfolgungstechnologien (zusammengenommen als „Cookies“ bezeichnet) ein, um Sie als PayPal-Kunden zu erkennen und Ihre Online-Erfahrungen, die Dienste, die Sie verwenden, sowie andere Online-Inhalte und Werbung zu personalisieren, um die Effektivität von Werbeaktionen zu bewerten und Analysen durchzuführen und um Risiken zu minimieren, möglichen Betrug zu vermeiden, und das Vertrauen und die Sicherheit im Zusammenhang mit unseren Seiten und Diensten zu fördern. Einige Aspekte und Funktionen unserer Seiten und Dienste sind nur durch den Einsatz von Cookies verfügbar. Wenn Sie Cookies also deaktivieren oder ablehnen, wird die Nutzung der Seiten und Dienste gegebenenfalls eingeschränkt oder ist nicht mehr möglich.
Do Not Track (DNT) ist eine optionale Browser-Einstellung, mit der Sie Ihre Präferenzen bezüglich der Nachverfolgung Ihrer Handlungen im Internet durch Werbetreibende und andere Dritte festlegen können. Wir reagieren nicht auf DNT-Signale.
In unserer
Erklärung zu Cookies und Tracking-Technologien
erfahren Sie mehr darüber, wie wir Cookies einsetzen.
9. Welche Datenschutzoptionen stehen Ihnen zur Verfügung?
Sie haben Wahlmöglichkeiten hinsichtlich der in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Datenschutzpraktiken und Kommunikation. Die meisten Wahlmöglichkeiten werden Ihnen erklärt, wenn Sie sich für einen Dienst neu anmelden oder ihn verwenden oder wenn Sie eine Seite nutzen. Während Sie durch die Dienste navigieren, erhalten Sie möglicherweise Anweisungen und Eingabeaufforderungen.
Wahlmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf die Erfassung personenbezogener Daten
Personenbezogene Daten. Sie können ablehnen, PayPal personenbezogene Daten zu übermitteln, wenn diese von PayPal angefordert werden. Dann stehen Ihnen jedoch bestimmte oder alle Dienste nicht zur Verfügung.
Standortdaten und andere Informationen auf Geräteebene. Das Gerät, mit dem Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, erfasst Daten über Sie. Dazu gehören Standortdaten und Nutzerdaten von PayPal-Kunden, die PayPal anschließend erfassen und verwenden kann. Wenn Sie die Erfassung und Nutzung solcher Informationen beschränken möchten, verwenden Sie dazu die auf Geräteebene verfügbaren Einstellungen.
Wahlmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
Andere Personen ausfindig machen und Verknüpfungen herstellen. Falls verfügbar, können Sie Ihre bevorzugten Einstellungen für die Suche und Verknüpfung mit anderen Personen über Ihr Konto bei dem von Ihnen verwendeten Dienst verwalten.
Wahlmöglichkeiten im Zusammenhang mit Kontoverknüpfungen
Wenn Sie eine Kontoverknüpfung mit einem Drittanbieter-Konto oder einer Drittanbieter-Plattform wie z. B. einem Social-Media-Konto autorisieren, können Sie Ihre Verknüpfungseinstellungen eventuell über Ihr Konto oder über das Drittanbieter-Konto bzw. die Drittanbieter-Plattform verwalten. Weitere Informationen über die Optionen, die Sie in diesem Fall haben, finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung des Drittanbieters.
Wahlmöglichkeiten im Zusammenhang mit Cookies
Onlinenachverfolgung und interessenbasierte Werbung. Wir arbeiten mit Partnern und anderen Dienstleistern zusammen, um Ihnen Werbung mithilfe von werbebezogenen Cookies und Web Beacons zu zeigen. Sie können werbebezogene Cookies und Web Beacons deaktivieren. In diesem Fall ist unsere Werbung nicht auf Ihre Interessen abgestimmt. Auf Websites von Dritten wird Ihnen unsere Werbung weiterhin gezeigt.
Weitere Informationen über von Dritten verwendete werbebezogene Cookies und interessenbasierte Werbung sowie darüber, wie diese bei Unternehmen, die an der brancheninternen Selbstregulierung teilnehmen, deaktiviert werden können, finden Sie unter
Ihre Online-Wahlmöglichkeiten
.
Sie haben mehrere Optionen zur Verwaltung Ihrer Cookie-Einstellungen. Je nach Browser oder Internetgerät können Sie zum Beispiel bestimmte Cookies oder Nachverfolgungstechnologien löschen, deaktivieren oder blockieren. Mehr erfahren Sie auf AboutCookies.org. Sie können diese Optionen aktivieren; dadurch können Sie aber möglicherweise viele Grundfunktionen eines Dienstes oder einer Seite nicht mehr nutzen.
Sie haben hinsichtlich der Verwendung von Cookies und anderen Nachverfolgungstechnologien gegebenenfalls eine Wahlmöglichkeit, wenn Sie einen Dienst verwenden oder Teile einer Seite besuchen. Beispielsweise werden Sie gegebenenfalls gefragt, ob der Dienst oder die Seite bestimmte Informationen über Sie speichern darf. Dann nutzen wir Cookies und andere Nachverfolgungstechnologien nur in dem Umfang, den Sie zugelassen haben.
Weitere Informationen über unsere Cookies und Nachverfolgungstechnologien finden Sie auf der Seite mit der „Erklärung zu Cookies und Nachverfolgungstechnologien“.
Wahlmöglichkeiten im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Registrierung und Ihren Kontoinformationen
Wenn Sie ein Konto haben, können Sie personenbezogene Daten in der Regel prüfen und bearbeiten, indem Sie sich einloggen und die Informationen direkt korrigieren oder indem Sie uns kontaktieren.
Wenden Sie sich an uns
, wenn Sie kein Konto haben oder wenn Sie Fragen zu Ihren Kontoinformationen oder anderen personenbezogenen Daten haben.
Wahlmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf Kommunikation
Werbenachrichten:
Wir senden Ihnen gegebenenfalls über diverse Kommunikationskanäle (wie z.B. E-Mail, SMS, Pop-ups, Push-Benachrichtigungen und Messaging-Anwendungen) Werbeinhalte zu unseren Seiten, Diensten und Produkten, zu von uns gemeinsam mit anderen Finanzinstituten angebotenen Produkten und zu Produkten und Dienstleistungen von konzernunabhängigen Dritten und Mitgliedern der PayPal-Unternehmensgruppe. Sie können diese Werbenachrichten abbestellen, indem Sie den Anweisungen in den von uns versendeten Mitteilungen folgen. Haben Sie ein Konto bei uns, können Sie zudem Ihre Benachrichtigungspräferenzen in den Kontoeinstellungen ändern. Push-Benachrichtigungen können Sie über die Einstellungen Ihres Geräts steuern.
Kommunikation zu Informations- und sonstigen Zwecken:
Wir senden Ihnen Mitteilungen, deren Versendung an alle PayPal-Kunden vorgeschrieben oder notwendig ist, die wichtige Informationen enthalten oder die Sie von uns angefordert haben. Diese Mitteilungen können Sie nicht abbestellen. Sie haben jedoch unter Umständen die Möglichkeit, die Medien und das Format anzupassen, über die bzw. das Sie die Mitteilungen erhalten.
Wenn Sie mehr über die automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung erfahren wollen,
Wenden Sie sich an uns
.
10. Wie schützen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten?
Wir führen technische, physische und administrative Sicherheitsmaßnahmen durch, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten angemessen vor Verlust, Missbrauch, unbefugtem Zugriff, Weitergabe und Änderung zu schützen. Zu diesen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen gehören Firewalls, Datenverschlüsselung, physische Zugangsbeschränkungen für unsere Rechenzentren und Berechtigungskontrollen für den Zugriff auf Daten. Wir sorgen für die Sicherung unserer Systeme und Dienste. Für die Sicherheit und die Geheimhaltung Ihres Passworts bzw. Ihrer Passwörter und Ihres Kontoprofils bzw. Ihrer Anmeldedaten sind Sie jedoch selbst verantwortlich. Darüber hinaus liegt es in Ihrer Verantwortung zu prüfen, dass die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie besitzen, richtig und auf dem aktuellen Stand sind. Wir haften nicht für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten, die wir auf Grundlage einer von Ihnen autorisierten Kontoverknüpfung an Dritte weitergeben.
11. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
Die Seiten und Dienste dürfen nicht von Personen genutzt werden, die unter 16 Jahre alt sind. Wir erheben nicht wissentlich Informationen, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, von Kindern oder anderen Personen, welche unsere Seiten und Dienste nicht rechtmäßig nutzen können. Wenn wir Kenntnis davon erhalten, dass wir personenbezogene Daten von einer Person unter 16 Jahren erhoben haben, löschen wir diese unverzüglich, sofern wir nicht zur Speicherung der Daten rechtlich verpflichtet sind.
Kontaktieren Sie uns
, wenn Sie vermuten, dass wir irrtümlich oder versehentlich Daten von einer Person unter 16 Jahren erhoben haben.
12. Was sollten Sie noch wissen?
Änderungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung von Zeit zu Zeit überarbeiten, um Änderungen unseres Unternehmens, der Seiten oder Dienste oder der geltenden Gesetze zu berücksichtigen. Die überarbeitete Datenschutzerklärung wird ab dem veröffentlichten Datum wirksam.
Wenn die überarbeitete Version eine wesentliche Änderung enthält, informieren wir Sie 30 Tage im Voraus, indem wir die Änderung auf der Seite „AGB-Aktualisierungen“ unserer Website bekannt geben. Gegebenenfalls informieren wir die Kunden auch per E-Mail oder über einen anderen Kanal bezüglich der Änderung.
13. Setzen Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung
Sie können uns kontaktieren, wenn Sie Fragen oder Bedenken bezüglich dieser Datenschutzerklärung und der dazugehörigen ergänzenden Hinweise oder unseres Umgangs mit personenbezogenen Daten haben.
Wir möchten sichergehen, dass Sie Ihre Fragen an die richtige Stelle richten:
Klicken Sie
hier
, wenn Sie Fragen zu Ihrem PayPal-Konto haben
Klicken Sie
hier
, wenn Sie Fragen zu Ihrem Xoom-Konto haben
Wenn Sie mit der Bearbeitung Ihres Anliegens nicht zufrieden sind, haben Sie das Recht, bei der Aufsichtsbehörde für Datenschutz in Ihrem Land Beschwerde einzureichen.
Wenden Sie sich an den
Datenschutzbeauftragten von Luxemburg unter PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, der als Vertreter von PayPal fungiert.
14. Begriffsbestimmungen
Konto
bezeichnet ein PayPal- oder Xoom-Kundenkonto.
Gerätedaten
bezieht sich auf Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erfasst werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder Dienste verwendet wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem Ihr Gerätetyp, die Netzwerkverbindungen Ihres Geräts, Name und IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts und zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seite oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokationsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Geolokationsdaten
bezieht sich auf Informationen, die dazu dienen, unter Verwendung von Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten, die über GPS, WLAN oder Mobilfunk ermittelt werden, Ihren Standort mit angemessener Genauigkeit zu bestimmen.
Checkout ohne PayPal-Konto
bezieht sich auf die Nutzung der Dienste durch eine Person, ohne sich einzuloggen und/oder ohne ein Konto zu eröffnen.
PayPal
bezeichnet PayPal Pte. Ltd. und Tochtergesellschaften oder verbundene Unternehmen. In dieser Datenschutzerklärung wird PayPal je nach Kontext auch als "wir", "uns" oder "unser" bezeichnet.
Personenbezogene Daten
bezieht sich auf Informationen, die einer identifizierten oder direkt oder indirekt identifizierbaren natürlichen Person zugeordnet werden können. Zu den "personenbezogenen Daten" können unter anderem Name, Postanschrift (einschließlich Rechnungs- und Lieferadresse), Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse, Zahlungskartennummer, andere Kontoinformationen, Kontonummer, Geburtsdatum und von Behörden ausgestellte Daten (z.B. Führerscheinnummer, Personalausweisnummer, Reisepassnummer) gehören.
Verarbeitung
bezeichnet eine Methode oder Art, wie wir mit personenbezogenen Daten oder Datensätzen umgehen, unabhängig davon, ob es sich um automatisierte Prozesse handelt oder nicht. Dazu gehören z.B. die Erfassung, Aufzeichnung, Organisation, Strukturierung, Speicherung, Anpassung oder Veränderung, der Abruf und die Abfrage, die Offenlegung durch Übermittlung, Verbreitung oder anderweitige Verfügbarmachung, die Angleichung oder Kombinierung, die Einschränkung, Löschung oder Vernichtung von personenbezogenen Daten.
Dienste
bezeichnet alle Produkte, Dienste, Inhalte, Eigenschaften, Technologien oder Funktionen und alle zugehörigen Websites, Anwendungen und Dienste, die Ihnen von PayPal im Rahmen eines Kontos oder eines Checkouts ohne PayPal-Konto zur Verfügung gestellt werden.
Seiten
bezieht sich auf die Websites, mobilen Apps, offiziellen Social-Media-Plattformen oder andere Online-Tools, über die PayPal die Dienste anbietet und die diese Datenschutzerklärung veröffentlicht haben oder mit ihr verlinkt sind.
Technische Nutzungsdaten
bezieht sich auf Daten, die wir von Ihrem Handy, Computer oder anderen Geräten erfassen, die Sie nutzen, um auf die Seiten oder Dienste zuzugreifen. Technische Nutzungsdaten geben uns Aufschluss darüber, wie Sie die Sites und Dienste verwenden, beispielsweise wonach Sie gesucht und was Sie auf den Seiten angesehen haben. Auch Ihre IP-Adresse, Statistiken dazu, wie Seiten geladen oder angezeigt werden, welche Websites Sie vor dem Aufruf unserer Seiten besucht haben und andere durch Cookies erfasste Nutzungs- und Browsing-Informationen zählen zu diesen Daten.
PayPal-Kunde
bezieht sich auf eine Person, die die Dienste verwendet oder auf die Seiten zugreift und eine Beziehung mit PayPal unterhält (z.B. durch Eröffnung eines Kontos und Zustimmung zu den PayPal- oder Xoom-Nutzungsbedingungen) oder als Käufer, Verkäufer oder sonstiger Transaktionsteilnehmer (einschließlich eines Checkouts ohne PayPal-Konto) die Dienste auf andere Art und Weise in Anspruch nimmt.
15. Zusätzliche Informationen
Die in diesem Abschnitt bereitgestellten Informationen können für Kunden je nach Region oder je nachdem, wie Sie die Dienste nutzen, spezifisch sein. Diese Informationen werden PayPal von Dritten zur Verfügung gestellt, mit denen Sie möglicherweise bei der Nutzung der Dienste interagieren.
Google ReCaptcha
Google ReCaptcha
PayPal verwendet ReCaptcha auf den Seiten und in Diensten. Ihre Verwendung von ReCaptcha unterliegt der
Datenschutzerklärung
und den
Nutzungsbedingungen
von Google.
ReCaptcha wird nur zur Bekämpfung von Spam und Missbrauch verwendet.
Sub-policy 6
https://stripe.com/privacy-center/legal:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Welcome to the Stripe Privacy Center
Stripe respects the privacy of everyone that engages with our platform, and we are committed to being transparent about our privacy processes and policies. We are a platform that enables millions of businesses, and in order to provide our services to our Business Users and End Users, we collect and process personal data.
The Stripe Privacy Center contains the answers to frequently asked questions about how we collect and use personal data, the rights that individuals have in relation to personal data held by Stripe, and how Stripe complies with international data protection laws.
All materials have been prepared for general information purposes only. The information presented is not legal advice, is not to be acted on as such, may not be current and is subject to change without notice.
Below is a list of terms that will help “you” navigate the Privacy Center:
“YOU”
MEANING
STRIPE EXAMPLES
Business User
Stripe provides services to entities (“Business Users”) who directly and indirectly provide us with “End Customer” Personal Data in connection with those Business Users’ own business and activities.
Stripe user or merchant

Platform User

Connect Accounts
End Customer
When you do business with, or otherwise transact with, a Business User (typically a merchant using Stripe Checkout, e.g. when you buy a pair of shoes from a merchant that uses Stripe for payment processing) but are not directly doing business with Stripe, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Individual using Identity

Cardholder using Checkout
End User
When you directly use an End User Service (such as when you sign up for Link, or make a payment to Stripe Climate in your personal capacity), for your personal use, we refer to you as an “End User.”
User of Link

Personal contributor to Stripe Climate
Representative
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User (e.g. you are a founder of a company, or administering an account for a merchant who is a Business User), we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Beneficial owner

Shareholder, officer, director

Account representative
Visitor
When you visit a Site without being logged into a Stripe account or otherwise communicate with Stripe, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” (e.g. you send Stripe a message asking for more information because you are considering being a user of our products).
Stripe Sessions attendee

Stripe Site visitor
Contents
How We Collect, Disclose, and Use Personal Data
Is Stripe acting as a data controller or a data processor?
Which Stripe entities are involved?
What are your data controller activities?
How does Stripe use personal data to improve its products and services?
As a Stripe User and as a data controller, what does GDPR mean for me?
Who are Stripe’s sub-processors and how are they vetted?
From where does Stripe collect information used for fraud prevention and security purposes?
How does Stripe use and share data to authenticate my transactions?
How does Stripe use Personal Data to prevent fraud?
I heard that Stripe is collecting additional information about my account from a third party and/or my other Stripe account(s). Why is Stripe collecting this information?
Does Stripe collect precise location data?
In addition to its sub-processors, what other third parties does Stripe share information with?
What Business User and Representative data does Stripe share with a payment method to facilitate Business Users’ enabling the payment method?
What data about End-Customers and their transactions is used by Radar and what data does Stripe share with its Radar Business Users?
As a Business User, what notice do I provide to my End Customers about Stripe?
Are there any jurisdictional nuances to Stripe’s use of service providers in verifying the identity of Stripe’s business users?
Data Obtained from Third Parties
Does Stripe Record Calls?
How does Stripe collect information for phone verification?
How does Stripe use personal data for co-marketing End User Services?
U.S. Privacy Disclosures
Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed Under the CCPA
What sensitive personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) does Stripe collect and for what purposes does Stripe use that data?
Does Stripe “sell” or “share” my personal information under the CCPA?
How long will Stripe keep my data?
California Privacy Rights Metrics
Stripe Legal Bases Tables
What legal basis does Stripe rely on to process personal data as a data controller?
End Users
End Customers
Representatives
Visitors
Data Processing Agreement
What is a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) and how can I get one with Stripe?
Information about Stripe Products
How do you implement Privacy by Design at Stripe?
Stripe Identity
Stripe’s Card Image Verification
Stripe Connect At a Glance
I am a user with a Custom connected account. Does Stripe also collect information about my Custom connected account from a third party?
What responsibilities do Connect platforms with custom accounts have to allow their users to update or correct information associated with their accounts?
I am a user with a Custom connected account. Will data collected from a third party be visible to my customers?
What are Stripe ACS, Transaction Authentication, and Behavioral Biometrics?
Promotional Emails Feature
Stripe Delegated Authentication
Link
Stripe Capital
Financial Connections
Are there instances when Stripe receives non-Stripe transaction history?
Refunds to End Customer Bank Account
Stripe Frontier
Data Protection Officer
Does Stripe have a Data Protection Officer (DPO)?
Quebec Act
International Data Transfers
How is Stripe dealing with its international data transfers?
Is Stripe certified under the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework?
How does Stripe’s certification under the EU-U.S. DPF impact my organization?
How do the SCCs and UK Addendum impact my organization?
How to get a copy of the SCCs or UK Addendum?
What is CBPR and PRP and is Stripe certified?
Why is Stripe storing authentication and authorization data globally?
Your Rights and Choices
How do I exercise my data protection rights?
When does Stripe continue to process data after it has received a deletion request or objection to the processing?
What data may be shared or made available to enable me to see Stripe ads on other sites?
Does Stripe honor the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signal?
Can I turn off tracking and advanced fraud signals?
How do I delete my account?
How do I delete my Custom Connect account?
How do I delete my Express Connect account?
How long will Stripe keep my data?
What is the Privacy Policy for Stripe Media Services?
Does Stripe localize storage of data in India?
Where can I lodge my complaint on data handling in India?
Notification IT Rules 2021
Cookies & Other Technology
How does Stripe use cookies?
What is Stripe.js?
What are advanced fraud signals?
Why are advanced fraud signals not ad tracking?
What obligations should merchants keep in mind relating to cookie technology on their sites?
How does Stripe remember payment method details for Link?
What obligations should Link users keep in mind relating to cookie technology on their sites?
Does Stripe use CAPTCHA to protect its website from fraud and abuse?
Contact Us
Contact our Privacy Team
Where can I learn more about Stripe’s security practices?
How We Collect, Disclose, and Use Personal Data
Is Stripe acting as a data controller or a data processor?
The answer is both.
The “data controller” is the entity which determines the purposes and means of the data processing taking place. The “data processor” is an entity acting on behalf and under the instructions of a controller in processing personal data.
Stripe is a data controller when it determines the purposes and means of the processing taking place. These data processing activities include (1) providing the Stripe products and services, (2) monitoring, preventing and detecting fraudulent payment transactions and other fraudulent activity on the Stripe platform, (3) complying with legal or regulatory obligations applicable to the financial sector to which Stripe is subject, and (4) analyzing, developing and improving Stripe’s products and services. Please see this
Privacy Center article
for more information on Stripe’s controller activities.
Stripe is a data processor where it is facilitating payment transactions on behalf of and at the direction of a Business User. Our Business Users direct us to take payment from cardholders / End Customers.
Stripe is considered a processor when directed to process payments (i.e., Stripe receives instructions about whom to pay, how much to pay, when to pay).
As a platform provider, we need to ensure consistency across our platform, and that includes consistency with respect to the commitments that we give about how we operate our platform. We contract with all of our Business Users (including some of the world’s largest companies) on this basis.
Which Stripe entities are involved?
For most of our services, either Stripe, Inc., the US parent company operating under US law, or Stripe Payments Europe, Limited (“SPEL”), an Irish company operating under Irish law, is the data controller responsible for Personal Data collected and processed in relation to Stripe Services.
The Stripe entity responsible for your data will depend on your location, the product or service you use with us and whether Stripe is acting as a controller and/or data processor.
If you are located outside of the Americas (e.g., European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland or the United Kingdom, countries located in Asia Pacific (“APAC”)), SPEL is the primary entity responsible for the processing of your personal data. Some of the payment processing services offered by Stripe are services that may be only provided for by an authorised payment services provider or electronic money institution. In this case, SPEL and the Stripe local regulated entity (defined as those who are licensed, authorized or registered by a Local Regulatory Authority) will act as joint controllers of your Personal Data.
Please see our table below for more information on who is your controller in these jurisdictions:
LOCATION OF USER
PURPOSE OF PROCESSING
NAME OF STRIPE ENTITY
LOCATION OF STRIPE ENTITY
EEA
Provision of certain authorised payment services in the EEA and Switzerland
Please see
https://stripe.com/ie/ssa
Stripe Technology Europe, Limited (the e-money licensed entity with the Central Bank of Ireland)
Ireland
EEA
All other activities.
SPEL
Ireland
United Kingdom & Switzerland
Provision of authorised payment services in the UK.
Please see
https://stripe.com/gb/ssa
Stripe Payments UK, Ltd. (the e-money licensed entity with the UK FCA)
United Kingdom
United Kingdom & Switzerland
All other activities.
SPEL
Ireland
Stripe affiliates also provide local support services in certain countries where Stripe operates. These entities act as data processors on behalf of Stripe, Inc. or SPEL, depending on the jurisdiction. You will find the most up-to-date list of the Stripe affiliates on this
page
.
For certain products, Stripe may act as an independent controller (e.g. Stripe Capital), a data processor or both (e.g. Stripe Identity). Please see the Privacy Center article for each specific product for more information.
What are your data controller activities?
Providing the Stripe products and services to Business Users and End Users, including determining the third parties (banks and payment method providers) to be utilized;
Monitoring, preventing and detecting fraudulent payment transactions and other fraudulent activity on the Stripe platform;
Complying with legal or regulatory obligations applicable to the financial sector to which Stripe is subject, including applicable anti-money laundering screening and compliance with know-your-customer obligations; and
Analyzing, developing and improving Stripe’s products and services.
How does Stripe use personal data to improve its products and services?
Stripe collects data, including personal data, while providing services to its users.  Stripe uses some of the data it collects to improve its products and services, including by training the models it employs for fraud and loss prevention and to analyze the performance of Stripe’s products as permitted by applicable law and agreements.
Personal data is required to train Stripe’s fraud and loss prevention models, including those employed by Stripe Radar and Stripe Identity.  These products rely in part on their ability to recognize certain characteristics that help determine whether a transaction is fraudulent or unlikely to complete.  For example, they compare Personal Data presented in a specific transaction to Personal Data collected in the past to identify when a fraudster is attempting to perpetrate fraud, including to impersonate a Stripe User or their End Customers.
In addition to using Personal Data to train its fraud and loss prevention models, Stripe also uses transaction data to assess the functioning of its current products and proposed product improvements.  For instance, Stripe uses data collected by its java script library stripe.js to assess the performance of the checkout surfaces it provides to Business Users, and payment authorization data to evaluate ways to improve authorization rates for Business Users.
Stripe uses Personal Data, such as IP address, to identify which pages and features a user interacted with during a checkout session, so that it can assess the effect different features have on the outcome of a checkout session.
Stripe uses pseudonymized or aggregated transaction data for these purposes in certain circumstances.  When Stripe communicates the results of its product performance analytics to Business Users or for advertising purposes, it does so only in aggregated or de-identified form that does not permit third-parties outside of Stripe to associate that data with any particular End Customers.
You should consult your legal counsel regarding how best to disclose Stripe’s data usage to your customers.  But, here is a paragraph you could add to your privacy policy if it doesn’t already include such a disclosure:
We use Stripe for payments, analytics, and other business services.  Stripe may collect personal data including via cookies and similar technologies.  The personal data Stripe collects may include transactional data and identifying information about devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection, loss prevention, authentication, and analytics related to the performance of its services.  You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
As a Stripe User and as a data controller, what does GDPR mean for me?
As a data controller, Business Users are responsible for the relationship with the data subject (i.e., your End Customer). You may instruct a third party (like Stripe) to process the data, but it is your job to set the purpose (or objectives) and legal basis for the processing.
The GDPR requires data controllers to use third parties who agree to abide by certain contractual terms. To be sure of this, the data controller must have Data Processing Agreements (“DPAs”) with each third party. Our DPA has been designed to serve this purpose for you; it is strongly aligned with payment transactions, so it should establish that you are compliant with GDPR from a payments perspective.
Who are Stripe’s sub-processors and how are they vetted?
Please see our
service providers page
where we have a list of our most common sub-processors, service providers and affiliates. Stripe identifies, evaluates, and engages sub-processors through our vendor management program. We enter into a contract with each sub-processor prior to sharing data with the sub-processor, and each contract contains terms that provide for monitoring and audit. In addition, all potential vendors are vetted and approved through Stripe’s security review process before we begin using their services.
From where does Stripe collect information used for fraud prevention and security purposes?
To prevent fraud and strengthen our security, we may collect information from Business Users, End Customers, End Users, financial parties, and in some cases third parties. For example, we collect and analyze information that helps us identify bad actors and bots, including both transactional data (such as amount, customer shipping address, date, and so on) and advanced fraud detection signals (device and activity signals).
Learn more
.
Stripe also receives information from third parties to prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other fraudulent activity. For example, we may receive information from third parties about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Stripe may use Representatives' Personal Data provided at onboarding to query third party databases regarding fraud and risk signals associated with that data.  The third party providers operating these databases may use Stripe’s experience with the Personal Data queried to inform their fraud and risk signals.
How does Stripe use and share data to authenticate my transactions?
To help prevent fraudulent transactions when you use your debit or credit card to pay a Business User, we may share data related to you and your transaction with your card issuer, bank, and payment method provider so that they can verify your identity and authenticate your payment method.  The data we share to enable this process may include personal data such as your name, email address and phone number, and payment-specific data like your billing and shipping address.
Issuers and payment method providers may use the information we share to verify you through a process called 3D Secure Authentication or 3DS.  3DS is an authentication standard designed by the major card networks which aims to reduce fraud and provide added security by providing an additional layer of authentication to online card payments. 3DS is often known by its branded names like Visa Secure, Mastercard Identity Check, or American Express SafeKey. It works by comparing the information you provide at the time of the transaction with the information that your issuer and payment method provider already have on file, to help reduce the risk that someone else may use your card for an unauthorized transaction.
Additionally, we may share contextual data, such as your device ID and previous transaction history. The process may take place as part of the checkout flow, which may involve you being redirected to another page where your bank asks you for a code or password to approve the purchase.
3DS is frequently used in Europe in support of Strong Customer Authentication requirements under the Payment Services Directive (PSD2) and to comply with similar regulations in other countries including the UK, India and Australia.  When we act as a service provider to your bank under our Stripe Issuing program we and our service providers may use personal data such as your card number, contact information, payment-specific data, like your billing and shipping address, and contextual data such as your device ID and transaction history to facilitate 3DS authentication.
How does Stripe use Personal Data to prevent fraud?
The Stripe products that use Personal Data to enable Stripe’s Business Users to detect and prevent fraud include Stripe Radar, Stripe Identity, and Stripe Merchant Risk Tooling.  Stripe also employs internal risk models and other product features, such as 3D Secure incorporated into Stripe’s Issuing product, to prevent its products and services from being used for fraudulent activity.
Stripe Radar processes personal data as described
here
using its machine learning model to produce scores indicating the likelihood that a payment method is being offered by someone other than an authorized user.  These scores are designed to identify fraudulent transactions, they do not rate the character or creditworthiness of the individuals involved in a particular transaction.  Based on the service selected by the Business User, Stripe may provide the Radar scores to its Business Users to help them to combat fraud and provide a mechanism for them to set rules to better manage transactions based on Radar scores and other indicators of fraud.
Stripe Identity uses Personal Data, as described
here
, to combat fraud by enabling Business Users to verify whether the person they are transacting with is who they say they are. Identity compares biometric identifiers in a selfie against government issued ID. Identity can also validate Personal Data, such as name, date of birth, and government ID number, that an End Customer types into a web form against government and third-party databases to determine if the identity presented matches the government issued ID number.
Stripe’s internal risk models seek to combat fraud by recognizing when a fraudster is attempting to use Stripe’s services for fraudulent purposes. For instance, Stripe uses Radar scores internally to determine whether a payment method offered to Stripe products such as Link, Frontier, Crypto Onramp, and Bill Pay should be accepted or rejected as likely fraudulent.  Stripe’s internal risk models also use aggregated cardholder features to recognize when a large number of transactions are likely being conducted by the same individual for purposes of testing or cashing out stolen payment methods. Where Stripe recognizes such activity, it will block transactions to prevent harm to itself, its users, and others.
Stripe Merchant Risk Tooling leverages Stripe’s internal risk models to help Stripe Connect Platforms identify indicators of potential fraud associated with their Connected Accounts. Merchant Risk Tooling produces reasoned scores that identify to Platform’s internal fraud teams when there are indicators consistent with a Connected Account attempting to use the Platform’s services (and Stripe) for fraudulent purposes. These scores are designed to supplement the Platforms’ due diligence related to their Connected Accounts and their business activities.  They do not score the character or creditworthiness of the individuals involved in the Connected Accounts’ operations. The data factored into Merchant Risk Tooling includes payments transaction data, business representative details (such as IP address, physical address, and e-mail address) business website content, and other information regarding the businesses Business Users operate on Stripe.
Along with attempting to combat fraud at the merchant and Stripe-wide levels as described above, Stripe also incorporates features in its individual products that use Personal Data to  prevent fraud. One such feature is 3D Secure authentication, incorporated in Stripe Issuing.  This feature is required by law in certain jurisdictions and requires cardholders to authenticate using one or more factors before they can complete an online transaction.  Stripe and its service providers use and store personal data including cardholder PANs, contact information, and transaction history to authenticate cardholders using one time passcodes and knowledge of past transactions. These measures help combat fraud by increasing the likelihood that the person offering a card for payment is an authorized user.
I heard that Stripe is collecting additional information about my account from a third party and/or my other Stripe account. Why is Stripe collecting this information?
Stripe may collect additional information about your account to allow Stripe and its financial partners to detect fraud and/or fulfill financial compliance requirements. These requirements come from our financial partners or regulatory obligations and are intended to prevent abuse of the financial system. Examples of missing data fields include your address, phone number, social security number, date of birth, employer identification number, or website URL. Stripe may be able to fill in some of this information by leveraging data we have collected from one of your other Stripe accounts or by obtaining data from a third party. We will show Business Users the information that we are associating with their account on your dashboard, and Business Users may update or correct that information via your dashboard. Please see Stripe’s
Privacy Policy
for additional information.
Does Stripe collect precise location data?
Devices such as mobile phones or computers may collect precise location data using GPS technology.  Stripe does not collect GPS data from devices and browsers.
Depending on the Services you use and the Business Users’ implementation of our Business Services, we will collect information (including IP addresses) through cookies and similar technology. We will collect your IP address when you visit our Sites. Please see our
Cookie Policy
to learn more.  Stripe may use location information, including approximate latitude and longitude, derived from End Customers IP addresses to detect potentially fraudulent transactions.
We also receive approximate location information (such as country, city or state) from third party providers such as
MaxMind
to help us determine the approximate location of visitors to our website for marketing purposes (for example, inviting you to local Stripe events).
In addition to its sub-processors, what other third parties does Stripe share information with?
When we work with service providers in our capacity as a data processor for our Business Users’ and End Users’ personal data, the GDPR calls these third-party service providers a sub-processor. Sub-processors are service providers who have or potentially will have access to or process personal data on behalf of Stripe. These third parties are disclosed on our
Stripe Service Providers
List.
In addition to Stripe’s sub-processors, we may also share Business Users’ onboarding data and payment instrument information with third party business partners when this is necessary to provide our services to our Business Users. We do so, for example, for the purposes of offering payment processing services to our Business Users or facilitating payment settlements.
Third parties to whom we may disclose personal data for this purpose are banks, payment method providers and payment processors, including, but not limited to, the following entities:
American Express Payment Services Limited and American Express Payments Europe S.L.
Banking Circle S.A.
Barclays Bank PLC
Citibank Europe plc
Credit Mutuel Arkea and Arkea Banking Services
Currence iDEAL B.V.
Klarna AB
Mastercard Europe S.A.
Polski Standard Płatności
PPRO Financial Ltd.
Swisscard AECS GmbH
Visa Europe Limited
The data shared with payment method providers will depend on the payment method(s) enabled on the Business User’s account.
In addition, Stripe shares personal data as we believe necessary to, among other things, protect Stripe’s services, rights, privacy, safety and property of Stripe, our users or others. For example, to protect our services, Stripe may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised.
Please note that if you provide us with your payment method information (e.g., a card number and expiration date) to store on file or otherwise in connection with a transaction, Stripe may update your card information if your information has changed or been updated to ensure your transactions go through smoothly, including by working with your card issuer or payment card network. If you would prefer to not have your updated payment method details shared with us, please reach out to your card issuing bank.
Transfer
Stripe will pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or sub-processors, if deemed strictly necessary to carry out contractual obligations or for the data to be processed. Depending on the enabled payment method(s), data may be transferred to the jurisdiction(s) of the respective payment method(s). Before we engage any third party, we perform due diligence, including a vendor security assessment. All of our service providers are subject to contract terms designed to ensure that these service providers process personal data only for the purposes of providing services to Stripe and in accordance with our commitments to Users and applicable data protection laws. Moreover, Stripe maintains and enforces a security program that addresses the management of security and the security controls employed by Stripe, which includes third party risk management. In addition, Stripe employees, agents, and contractors acknowledge their data security and privacy responsibilities under Stripe’s policies.
Financial Connections
If you are an End Customer who has been asked to link your financial account using Stripe, please visit the support webpage
here
to learn more about our privacy practices. Or you can jump to the specific topics linked here:
Linking my financial account and consent
Data collected, stored, and shared from my linked account
How Stripe accesses data from my linked account
Relationship between Stripe and its service providers
Data security
Who can access data from my linked account and for what purposes
Who will obtain my login credentials
Requesting disconnection or data deletion
Correcting my financial account information
What Business User and Representative data does Stripe share with a payment method to facilitate Business Users’ enabling the payment method?
Stripe makes it possible for its Business Users to enable payment methods including card networks such as Visa and MasterCard, mobile and online payment methods such as WeChat Pay and Alipay, and buy now pay later providers such as Klarna and Afterpay.  Certain payment methods are enabled by default when you onboard with Stripe. After onboarding, for eligible users, Stripe may enable additional payment methods after notifying you. Your Stripe dashboard allows you to enable or disable payment methods at any time.
Stripe may share information regarding a Business User and the Business User’s Representative with a payment method provider when a payment method is enabled and when Stripe processes transactions involving the payment method. The payment method provider may require Business Users’ and their Representatives' Personal Data for a number of purposes, including complying with know your customer (KYC), anti-money laundering, and other legal and compliance requirements, preventing fraud, facilitating transactions, providing services to Business Users, and servicing the payment method’s platform. For these purposes, Stripe may provide payment method providers with Business User data, including but not limited to business name, business type, merchant category codes, merchant ID, transaction history, bank account information, and other transaction specific information such as product type and tax amount that Stripe ascertains from that data.  Stripe may also provide payment methods with Business Users’ Representatives’ personal data, including name, address, contact information, date of birth, tax identification number, and other government issued ID information.  The information Stripe shares with payment method providers is data that Stripe has collected from the merchant or ascertained from data provided by the merchant.
What data about End-Customers and their transactions is used by Radar and what data does Stripe share with its Radar Business Users?
When processing payments, it’s valuable to Stripe, Business Users and End Customers to enable legitimate transactions while also trying to prevent fraudulent transactions, making online purchases safer for everyone involved.
Radar
helps detect potentially fraudulent transactions for Stripe’s Business Users (i.e., merchants) through
machine learning
and other techniques. To do this, Radar leverages data collected across our Services.
Radar’s machine learning model produces transaction “scores” indicating the model’s assessment of the likelihood that a transaction is fraudulent.  Business Users can leverage this score and use it to implement automated rules to determine whether to allow, block, or flag transactions for additional review. Business Users can use Radar as one of multiple inputs in making decisions with respect to the potential for fraud in a transaction.
Radar uses data collected about the End Customer from various sources, including payments transaction data,
advanced fraud detection
data, Bank Connections data, IP address, and physical address information. Radar uses this data to assess whether the payment method offered by the End Customer is likely unauthorized.
Stripe may share with the Business User and allow them to export (where allowed by Law) certain information relevant to fraud detection, including:
a transaction score that assesses the likelihood of the transaction becoming a fraudulent charge-back,
risk insights
for that transaction,
related payments
made by the End-Customer to the Business User,
other transaction data
related to that End-Customer’s transaction with that Business User (e.g., cardholder name, card information, and the payment amount and date),
device and browser information for the device used to make the transaction with that Business User, and
aggregated benchmarks
.
As a Business User, what notice do I provide to my End Customers about Stripe?
Under the terms of our agreements, Business Users are required to provide all necessary notices and obtain all necessary rights and consents from their End Customers to enable Stripe to lawfully collect, use, retain and disclose the Personal Data as part of the Stripe Services. Business Users, as data controllers, are responsible for the contents of their privacy notice and cookie banner. As an example, here is a paragraph that you can consider adding to your privacy notice (if you don’t already have such a disclosure):
We use Stripe for payments, analytics, and other business services. Stripe may collect personal data including via cookies and similar technologies. The personal data Stripe collects may include transactional data and identifying information about devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection, loss prevention, authentication, and analytics related to the performance of its services. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
Please be aware that the disclosure above is for illustrative purposes only and is not legal advice. Please talk to your legal advisor to understand how to comply with your obligations under applicable law.
To comply with our transparency obligations, we explain how our cookies are used in our
Cookie Policy
and our
Cookies Settings Dashboard
sets out our list of cookies. We remind our Business Users to review the cookies placed on their website and to update their cookie banners accordingly.
Are there any jurisdictional nuances to Stripe’s use of service providers in verifying the identity of Stripe’s business users?
Germany
Stripe, through its service providers, may use information from infoscore Consumer Data GmbH to verify the identity of Stripe Business Users in Germany.  Information about infoscore Consumer Data GmbH is available
here
.
Data Obtained from Third Parties
If you have been notified by Stripe that we obtained your data from a third party, the following applies:
Your Personal Data will be processed in accordance with Stripe’s
Privacy Policy
, which describes:
the identity and the contact details of Stripe;
the contact details of Stripe’s
Data Protection Officer
;
the purposes of the processing for which the Personal Data are intended as well as the legal basis for the processing, which includes prospecting and direct marketing, as permitted under applicable law;
the recipients or categories of recipients of the Personal Data. In addition to the recipients mentioned in the Stripe Privacy Policy, Personal Data may be shared with Salesloft, Inc. as a processor of Stripe;
that Stripe intends to transfer Personal Data to a recipient in a third country and a reference to the appropriate or suitable safeguards and the means to obtain a copy of them or where they have been made available (see
here
and
here
for more information);
the period for which the Personal Data will be stored and/or the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from Stripe access to and rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing concerning the data subject and to object to processing as well as the right to data portability or any other applicable rights under data protection laws (see also
here
);
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
We may have obtained the following Personal Data from third parties: name, business contact details (e.g., email, phone number, social media handle), business address, company/employer information, role and position, and industry.
We use a number of  third parties to obtain Personal Data from, including Cognism Limited, ZoomInfo Technologies Inc., API Hub, Inc. dba Clearbit, Crunchbase Inc., PitchBook Data, Inc., infoAnalytica, Inc., People Data Labs, Inc., and Dealroom.co. These third parties collect Personal Data as separate controllers in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you wish to have your data removed from their respective database(s), please contact those parties directly. Some of these parties may have obtained your data from publicly accessible sources.
We do not use Personal Data we have obtained from third parties for automated decision-making.
Where Stripe relies on legitimate interest to process your Personal Data, such legitimate interest may be:
B2B market research and analysis;
B2B prospecting and selling; and
B2B marketing and advertising.
Does Stripe Record Calls?
In some situations, we may record voice or video calls we have with you. At the start of the call, we disclose the fact that a call is being recorded and, unless we are required to record the call, will ask for your consent to record the call and/or offer you the option to decline the call being recorded. We may use third-party systems to record calls, including Zoom and Salesloft.
The call recordings will be processed for the purposes stated at the start of the call, typically for quality and training purposes, and in accordance with Stripe’s
Privacy Policy
. We enable you to exercise your rights as a data subject under applicable law with respect to these recordings as set out in Stripe’s Privacy Policy. In the event that you request a copy of the recording, Stripe may provide you with a redacted copy of the recording, or a (redacted) transcript of the recording, where appropriate, and as permitted under applicable law.
We normally retain call recordings for up to 1 year, and for Zoom recordings, 180 days. User support related phone calls are normally retained for 5 years as Stripe is under a legal obligation to keep this data for 5 years.
Collection related call recordings are kept for 5 years.
After this, call recordings will be deleted, unless we have a valid legal ground to keep the call recordings for a longer period of time.
How does Stripe collect information for phone verification?
When you use Stripe services, we may need to verify your identity to comply with legal requirements or ensure that we are dealing with you and not a fraudster attempting to impersonate you.  We may also verify your identity as a service to the Business Users with which you choose to transact.  One of the data points we may consider for these purposes is whether your phone number is associated with the other information you have provided while seeking services from us or our Business Users.  We may rely on third-party services providers to assist us in performing such verification checks.  In particular, your wireless carrier may disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Stripe or our service providers for the duration of your business relationship, to help us identify you or your wireless device, to prevent fraud, and as otherwise described in our Privacy Policy.
How does Stripe use personal data for co-marketing End User Services?
If you have a Link account, Stripe may review your Link Transaction Data to determine which businesses you transact with and which additional services you may benefit from. We may also, where permitted by law, use your personal data (such as your email address, device information, and transaction history) to send you marketing information about our Services or co-marketing communications about how you can use our Services with Business Users you transact or interact with. We do not share your Transaction Data or other Personal Data with these Business Users to facilitate these marketing activities.
U.S. Privacy Disclosures
Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed Under the CCPA
Below are the categories of data we collect and how that information is used in the last 12 months.  We also disclosed this data for a business purpose within the preceding 12 months.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
PURPOSES:
DISCLOSED FOR A BUSINESS PURPOSE WITHIN THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS TO:
Identifiers (e.g., a device identifier)
Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, to provide and advertise our services, and to comply with law.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service enablers (including service providers, financial partners servicing the financial product), third parties like ad partners that help us advertise our products and services,  the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (e.g., gender and age noted in ID documents that you submit so that Stripe can verify your identity on behalf of your merchant - a.k.a. our business user)
Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, to provide our services, and to comply with law.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service enablers (including service providers and financial partners servicing the financial product), the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Commercial information (e.g., the merchant that you choose to do business with - a.k.a. our business user may receive your transaction data)
Fraud prevention and security, to provide our services, to comply with law, enforce our terms of services, and for other purposes consistent with your consent and applicable law.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service enablers (including service providers and financial partners servicing the financial product), the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Biometric information (e.g., biometric identifiers from photo IDs used to confirm your identity)
Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, and for other purposes consistent with your consent and applicable law, such as to improve our verification systems.
Learn more
.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: a service provider - i.e., Amazon Web Services ("AWS"), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Online activity information (e.g., information about devices and browsers across certain business user sites that use Stripe and IP addresses associated with those devices and browsers, and usage data)
Fraud detection and security, to comply with law, and to provide and advertise our services.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service enablers (including service providers, financial partners servicing the financial product), third parties like ad partners that help us advertise our products and services, the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Location Data (
Learn more
)
Fraud detection and security, in furtherance of compliance with legal obligations, and to provide and advertise our services.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service enablers (including service providers, financial partners servicing the financial product), third parties like ad partners that help us advertise our products and services,  the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Audiovisual (e.g., visual, audio, or similar information, like photos you submit so that Stripe can verify your identity on behalf of your merchant – a.k.a. our business user)
Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, to provide our services, and to comply with legal obligations.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service providers, the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Recruiting and employment, and to comply with legal obligations.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service providers, an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Categories of personal information described in Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)(such as name, address, telephone number, credit card or debit card number)
See above.  Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, to provide and advertise our services, and to comply with legal obligations.
We may disclose the data, pursuant to applicable law, to: service enablers (including service providers and financial partners servicing the financial product), the merchant that you do business with (a.k.a. our business user), an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
What sensitive personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) does Stripe collect and for what purposes does Stripe use that data?
Stripe only processes sensitive personal information for the purposes specified in section 7027(m) of the California Consumer Privacy Act Regulations, or without the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer.
Sensitive Personal Information Categories
Purposes include:
Identification documents, including driver’s license, passport, and social security (including any underlying sensitive information in the identity card, such as racial or ethnic origin)
Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, to provide our services, and to comply with legal obligations.
Biometric information
Identity verification, fraud prevention and security, and for other purposes consistent with your consent and applicable law, such as to improve our verification systems.
Learn more
.
Location Data
Learn more
.
Fraud detection and security, to comply with law, and to provide our services.
Learn more
.
Account log-in, financial account in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account
To provide our services (e.g.,
Financial Connections
), comply with law, enforce our terms of services, and for other purposes consistent with your consent and applicable law.
Does Stripe “sell” or “share” my personal information under the CCPA?
We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide your personal data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes (such as to improve their ad delivery), Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. To our knowledge, Stripe does not sell personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Within the past 12 months, the following categories of Personal Information described in section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code have been “sold” or “shared” (as defined under the CCPA) to third parties (including advertising partners) who assist us in advertising our services:
Identifiers (e.g., a device identifier)
Online activity information (e.g., information about devices and browsers across certain business user sites that use Stripe and IP addresses associated with those devices and browsers, and usage data)
Geolocation Data (e.g., IP addresses)
You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing”
here.
How long will Stripe keep my data?
Stripe keeps Personal Data as necessary to achieve the purposes listed
here
. To determine the appropriate retention periods for different categories of Personal Data, we consider various criteria such as the jurisdiction you are located in, the nature of our relationship with you, the types of products or services being offered or provided to you, the nature and sensitivity of your Personal Data, retention requirements under applicable laws and regulations, and other legitimate interests we may pursue through retaining your Personal Data, including detecting and preventing fraud and financial crimes, enforcing and defending our legal rights, complying with valid legal process requests from courts or competent authorities, improving the quality of our services, and promoting our products and services as appropriate and as permitted by applicable law and agreements.
For most jurisdictions, Stripe will generally keep Personal Data we obtain from our Business Users for a period of five or more years from the end of the business relationship with you, or the date of the last transaction, whichever is later.
The table below outlines different categories of personal data collected, along with the retention period or the criteria used to determine that period.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
RETENTION PERIOD OR THE CRITERIA USED TO DETERMINE THAT PERIOD
Non-sensitive Identifiers (e.g., name, postal address, email address, account name)
Categories of personal information described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e) (such as name, address, telephone number, credit card or debit card number)
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (e.g., gender and age noted in ID documents that you submit so that Stripe can verify your identity on behalf of your merchant - a.k.a. our business user)
Commercial information (e.g., transaction data that the merchant you choose to do business with - a.k.a. our business user - may receive)
Online activity information (e.g., certain information about devices and browsers across certain business user sites that use Stripe, and usage data)
Audiovisual (e.g., visual, audio, or similar information, like photos you submit so that Stripe can verify your identity on behalf of your merchant – a.k.a. our business user)
For the duration necessary for Stripe to: (1) comply with law; (2) provide the Stripe services, and; (3) pursue our legitimate interests, including detecting and preventing fraud and financial crimes, enforcing and defending our legal rights, complying with valid legal process requests from courts or competent authorities, improving the quality of our services, and promoting our products and services as appropriate and as permitted by applicable law and agreements.
Biometric information (e.g., biometric identifiers from photo IDs and selfies used to confirm your identity)
No longer than 1 year, or upon revocation of your consent, whichever is earlier.
Geolocation Data (e.g., IP addresses)
For the duration necessary for Stripe to: (1) comply with law; (2) provide the Stripe services, and; (3) pursue our legitimate interests, including detecting and preventing fraud and financial crimes, enforcing and defending our legal rights, and complying with valid legal process requests from courts or competent authorities.
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Education information that is not publicly available as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. § 1232g)
For the duration necessary for Stripe to: (1) comply with  law; (2) make certain employment and performance-related decisions; (3) address future hiring needs; (4) ensure health and safety in the workplace; (5) conduct certain administrative tasks, including to administer benefits; and (6) pursue our legitimate interests, including enforcing and defending our legal rights and complying with valid legal process requests from courts or competent authorities.
Sensitive personal information, as defined by California law (
Learn More
)
For information regarding your government IDs (including the sensitive data therein) and your location data, Stripe will retain that data for the duration necessary to: (1) comply with law; (2) provide the Stripe services, and; (3) pursue our legitimate interests, including detecting and preventing fraud and financial crimes, enforcing and defending our legal rights, complying with valid legal process requests from courts or competent authorities. For biometric data, see above.
Where we rely on consent to collect your other sensitive personal information (e.g, financial account login credentials), Stripe will no longer retain this data upon your revocation of consent.
California Privacy Rights Metrics
The following includes aggregate metrics of data subject rights requests received in the 2023 calendar year. This data reflects requests received from individuals in California and may also include requests from individuals who do not reside in California.
Number of “request to know” received and complied with in whole or in part: 7
Number of “requests to delete” received and complied with in whole or in part: 7719
Number of “request to correct” received: 0
Average number of days taken to respond to a request to know or delete: 1
Due to the nature of Stripe’s products and services, when we receive a general “request to delete,” our process is to direct the requestor to a
page
to action their request depending upon the relationship they have with Stripe. We also offer data subjects the opportunity to
contact us
, should they have any questions or concerns.
Stripe may retain personal data where permitted by law, including to comply with our legal obligations. For example, as a provider of payment services, Stripe is required to comply with many regulations, including anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering laws. These laws require Stripe to retain certain information associated with Stripe users for a prescribed period of time after account closure. Learn more about our retention obligations in our
Privacy Policy
.
Stripe Legal Bases Tables
What legal basis does Stripe rely on to process personal data as a data controller?
We rely upon a number of legal grounds to enable our use of your Personal Data. In short, we use Personal Data to facilitate the business relationships we have with our Business Users and End Users, to comply with our financial regulatory and other legal obligations, and to pursue our legitimate business interests. We also use Personal Data to complete transactions and to provide payment-related services to our Business Users.
The table below provides a detailed overview of why and how we use your Personal Data.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation, we rely upon a number of legal bases to enable our processing of your Personal Data.
End Users
When you directly use an End User Service (such as when you sign up for Link, or make a payment to Stripe Climate in your personal capacity), for your personal use, we refer to you as an “End User.”
PROCESSING PURPOSE
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
LEGAL BASES
Provide our Services.
To provide services to you, including delivery, support, personalization and messages related to the service.
Your name, contact information, payment information including Bank Account Information and Bank Payments, and/or payment card number, CVC code and expiration date.
Our
contractual necessity
to perform our contractual relationship with you, under applicable data protection laws.
For the provision of our services
including Link, Atlas and Identity. When we process data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before the consent is withdrawn.
If you choose to use Link you agree to let Stripe store your payment method and related information so that you can more readily make purchases with Business Users who use Stripe to provide payment processing services (e.g. Stripe Checkout).
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Card Products and Financial Products including Issuing and Treasury Direct Services.
We use your Personal Data to offer you card products and financial products and services under the Stripe brand and/or under the brand of a Business User.
Your name, email address, phone number, postal address, transaction information, password, PIN or similar credentials, card PANs, age, DOB, credit card number, drivers license number, tax ID, cookie data, tags and beacons, IP address.
Our
legitimate interests
in promoting our products and in determining eligibility for and offer new Stripe products and services.
Provide cryptocurrency-related services, including enabling End Users with Link accounts to purchase cryptocurrency from  licensed third-party cryptocurrency exchange providers using a variety of payment methods and save certain personal information  to facilitate subsequent cryptocurrency-related transactions.
Your name, email address, date of birth, billing address, IP address, information related to your cryptocurrency wallet (including wallet identifier, access times, and IP address used to create and access the wallet), and information related to your cryptocurrency purchases, including your transaction history.
Based on consent in processing this personal information.
Offer our Services and Alert you of Changes to our Services.
For example, through Stripe Capital we work with Financial Partners to offer financing to certain users who can satisfy particular criteria and will process your data to help determine if you qualify for financing or not. Certain information will be processed by Stripe prior to the offer of financing in order to determine eligibility.
The name and other identifying details and contact information of a Business User’s Representatives, physical address of Business User, and the Business User's Stripe ID and information related to the Business User’s performance on Stripe or off of Stripe if the Business User chooses to provide such information.
Our
legitimate interests
in promoting our products and in determining eligibility for and offer new Stripe products and services.
Fraud Detection Services.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services (e.g. Stripe Radar) to detect and prevent fraud against us, our Business Users and financial partners, including to detect unauthorized log-ins using your online activity.
Transaction information
. This includes: name, email address, billing and/or shipping address, payment method information (such as credit or debit card number, bank account information or payment card image), merchant and location, purchase amount, date of purchase, and in some cases, some information about what you have purchased, phone number and tax-related ID.
This includes web browsing information, usage data, referring URLs, location, cookies data, device data and identifiers.
IP address and physical address.
Our
legitimate interests
in monitoring and detecting fraud to ensure we detect activity that can have a harmful effect on our End Users.
Marketing and Advertising.
We may use your Personal Data to assess your eligibility for and offer you other Services. We use End User Personal Data for interest-based advertising and marketing purposes. We do not share End Customer Personal Data to third parties for their marketing purposes unless you give us or the third party permission to do so.
Contact information including: name, email address, work phone number, and job title.
Connection data such as IP address, and web behavior (page visited, length on page, etc.)
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Our
legitimate interest
in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of interest to you.
Compliance and Harm Prevention.
We process and share Personal Data as we believe necessary: (i) to comply with applicable law, (ii) for compliance with rules imposed by payment method in connection with use of that payment method (e.g. network rules for Visa); (iii) to enforce our contractual rights; (iv) to secure or protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety and property of Stripe, you or others, including against other malicious or fraudulent activity and security incidents; and (v) to respond to valid legal process requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
Any Personal Data we process, including information necessary for identity verification such as government-issued IDs or selfie images.
Where these processing activities or disclosures are necessary to comply with our legal obligations, for the protection of a person's vital interests, for reasons of public interest, for reasons of substantial public interest, or for the purposes of Stripe’s or a third party’s
legitimate interest
in keeping Stripe secure, preventing a breach of the law, harm or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights, claims, or obligations, facilitating the collection of taxes and prevention of tax fraud or preventing loss or damage.
End Customers
When you do business with, or otherwise transact with, a Business User (typically a merchant using
Stripe Checkout
, e.g. when you buy a pair of shoes from a merchant that uses Stripe for payment processing) but are not directly doing business with Stripe, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
PROCESSING PURPOSE
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
LEGAL BASES
Provide our Services to Business Users
, including to process online payment transactions or in-person checkout, to calculate applicable sales tax, to invoice and bill, and to calculate their revenue.
If you are an End Customer, when you make payments to, send shopping cart reminders, get refunds from, begin a purchase or otherwise transact with a Business User through Stripe’s Services or a Stripe-provided device, Stripe will receive your transaction information. Depending on how the Business User has integrated our Business Services, we may receive this information directly from you, the Business User or another service provider to you or the Business User.
Transaction Information (including from Checkout, Payment Processing and Treasury/Issuing Use)
. Your name, email, billing and/or shipping address, payment method information (such as credit or debit card number, bank account information or payment card image), merchant and location, purchase amount, date of purchase, and in some cases, some information about what you have purchased, phone number and tax-related ID. The payment method information that we collect will depend upon the payment method that you choose to use from the list of available payment methods offered by the Business User as part of the “checkout” process for your purchase. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Transaction-Related Information / Purchase Interests.
Information typed into a checkout field that is not ultimately submitted to the Business User.
Our
legitimate interests
in providing the Stripe products and services. Stripe processes this personal data given its legitimate interest in improving the Services and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with the Business Users.
Provide our Services to Business Users
, to order payment methods on a per-customer basis on behalf of the Business User, to implement fraud thresholds chosen by the Business User, and to verify your payment method.
Verification Information
. Your age (when purchasing age restricted goods) or information about you being the person who is authorized to use a payment method.
The information collected will be the information that you choose to share for these purposes, which may include your government ID, your photo, your live image, and Personal Data apparent from the physical payment method (e.g. credit card image).
Our
legal obligations
in respect of our financial and regulatory obligations.
Reduce fraud and enhance security.
We will use Personal Data about your identity, including information that you provide, to perform verification Services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are doing business with and to reduce fraud and enhance security.
In some cases you may provide a “selfie” along with an image of your identity document, and we will use technology to compare and calculate whether they match and can be “verified.” We will use information from our service providers and our Services to help verify your identity and fraud prevention.
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Our
legitimate interests
in detecting, monitoring and preventing fraud and unauthorized payment transactions.
Radar and Card Verification Services.
We use Personal Data of End Customers to detect and prevent fraud for Business Users, including to detect fraudulent payment cards using payment card images and unauthorized log-ins using online activity. In providing such services, we may provide Business Users that have requested such services with limited Personal Data about End Customers so that the Business Users can assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction by its End Customer. We may also use payment card images to improve our Business Services.
Transaction information
. This includes: name, email address, billing and/or shipping address, payment method information (such as credit or debit card number, bank account information or payment card image), merchant and location, purchase amount, date of purchase, and in some cases, some information about what you have purchased, phone number and tax-related ID.
This includes web browsing information, usage data, referring URLs, location, cookies data, device data and identifiers.
IP address and physical address
.
Our
legitimate interests
in detecting, monitoring and preventing fraud and unauthorized payment transactions.
Compliance and Harm Prevention.
We share Personal Data as we believe necessary: (i) to comply with applicable law, (ii) to comply with rules imposed by payment method in connection with use of that payment method; (iii) to enforce our contractual rights; (iv) to secure or protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety and property of Stripe, you or others, including against other malicious or fraudulent activity and security incidents; and (v) to respond to valid legal process requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
Any Personal Data we process.
Our
legal obligations
where disclosures are necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Our
legitimate interest
in keeping Stripe secure, preventing a breach of the law, harm or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights, claims, or obligations, facilitating the collection of taxes and prevention of fraud or preventing loss or damage.
Representatives
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User (e.g. you are a founder of a company, or administering an account for a merchant who is a Business User), we refer to you as a “Representative.”
PROCESSING PURPOSE
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
LEGAL BASES
Reduce fraud and enhance security.
We will use Personal Data about your identity, including information that you provide, to perform verification Services for Stripe.
Onboarding and verification information that you choose to share for these purposes, which may include your government ID, photo, live image, and Personal Data apparent from the physical payment method (e.g. credit card image).
Our
legal obligations
in respect of our financial and regulatory obligations. We process Personal Data to verify the identity of the Representatives of our Business Users in order to comply with fraud monitoring, prevention and detection obligations, laws associated with the identification and reporting of illegal and illicit activity, such as AML (Anti-Money Laundering) and KYC (Know-Your-Customer) obligations, and financial reporting obligations.
Advertising.
We may use and share Representative Personal Data with others so that we may advertise and market our products and services to you, including through interest-based advertising subject to any consent requirements under applicable law.
Contact information including: name, email address, work phone number, and job title.
Connection data such as IP address, and web behavior (page visited, length on page, etc.)
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Communications.
We may send you email marketing communications about Stripe products and services, invite you to participate in our events or surveys, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, provided that we do so in accordance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements.
Contact information such as your name, email address, phone number.
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Our
legitimate interests
in responding to inquiries, sending Service notices, ensuring compliance with applicable laws, preventing fraud, improving our services and providing customer support.
Tax and Atlas (Incorporation) Services.
We may use your Personal Data to file taxes on behalf of your associated Business User. If your Business User uses Atlas, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and to file documents with other governmental authorities.
Your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address; and financial and personal information about you, such as your ownership interest in the Business User, your date of birth and government identifiers associated with you and your organization (such as your social security number, tax number, or Employer Identification Number). You may also choose to provide bank account information.
Our compliance
with legal obligations
in respect of our financial and regulatory obligations. We process Personal Data to verify the identity of the Representatives of our Business Users in order to comply with fraud monitoring, prevention and detection obligations, laws associated with the identification and reporting of illegal and illicit activity, such as AML (Anti-Money Laundering) and KYC (Know-Your-Customer) obligations, and financial reporting obligations.
Our
contractual necessity
to perform our contractual relationship with you, under applicable data protection laws.
Visitors
When you visit a Site without being logged into a Stripe account or otherwise communicate with Stripe, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” (e.g. you send Stripe a message asking for more information because you are considering being a user of our products).
PROCESSING PURPOSE
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
LEGAL BASES
Communications.
We use any contact information that you provide to us to respond to any inquiries or requests for information you made; and if you have asked about us or our Services, to send you marketing emails by either asking for your consent or providing you an opt out in any messages we send.
Contact information such as your name, email address, phone number.
Information you have provided to us, such as the products you are interested in.
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Our
legitimate interests
in responding to inquiries, sending Service notices and providing customer support.
Advertising.
When you visit our Sites, we (and our service providers) may use Personal Data collected from you and your device to target advertisements for Stripe Services to you on our Sites and other sites you visit (“interest-based advertising”).
Information collected from cookies such as your device, browser ID, and pages on our website which you have visited.
Based on
consent
in processing this personal information.
Our
legitimate interest
in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of interest to you.
Fraud Detection.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent fraud against Stripe, our Business Users and financial partners.
Advanced Fraud Signals information collected via cookies.
This includes web browsing information, usage data, referring URLs, location, cookies data, device data and identifiers.
Our
legitimate interests
in detecting, monitoring and preventing fraud and unauthorized payment transactions.
Data Processing Agreement
What is a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) and how can I get one with Stripe?
A Data Processing Agreement (“DPA”) is a contract between a data controller and a data processor that describes the roles and responsibilities of the parties when personal data is processed. If you are a Business User, please visit our FAQs page
here
to learn more about our DPA. Please
contact us
or your account manager if you have any questions.
Information about Stripe Products
How do you implement Privacy by Design at Stripe?
Privacy by design aims at building privacy and data protection up front and into the design specifications and architecture of information and communication systems and technologies to facilitate compliance with privacy and data protection principles. We rely on our internal privacy team and a review process for any new product launch. We are dedicated at every level of product development —from engineering to product management—to making privacy a key consideration. This helps ensure that people can trust the Stripe products that they enjoy every day.
Stripe Identity
End Customers
If you have been asked to verify your identity or have verified your identity using Stripe Identity, please visit the support web pages
here
and
here
to learn more about our privacy practices for Stripe Identity. Alternatively, you can jump to the specific topics linked here:
Stripe’s role in controlling and processing identity data in the US
Understanding Stripe Identity
Biometric verification
Consent to use my identity information
Security of my identity data
What data is collected
Identity data retention
How I delete my identity data
Business User That Requested Verification
If you are a Business User that is using or intends to use Stripe Identity, please visit the support web page
here
for additional guidance on what you can tell your users and
here
and
here
for additional guidance on privacy considerations for your business.
Stripe’s Card Image Verification
If you have been asked by your merchant (i.e., a Stripe Business User) to scan your credit card before completing your requested transaction, please visit the support webpage
here
to learn more about Stripe’s Card Image Verification.
Stripe Connect At a Glance
Description
Stripe Connect is a payment software your third party platform provider (Platform) may use to enable you to receive Stripe services (including payment processing) and/or receive payouts.
Data Controller/ Data Processor
Stripe acts as both a data controller and data processor for the Platform. The Stripe entity that acts as data controller/ data processor for data processed in Europe is Stripe Payments Europe Limited (“SPEL”).
Personal Data
The personal data transmitted to Stripe usually involves first name, last name, address, identification number, e-mail address, IP address, telephone number, and other data necessary for payment processing.
Purpose
The transmission of the data is aimed at payment processing, ledger management, and fraud prevention. The Business User / Platform will transfer personal data to Stripe. The personal data exchanged between Stripe and the Business User / Platform may be transmitted to verification agencies, and Business User data may be shared with Platforms. This transmission is intended for the Platform to manage its ledger and for Stripe to conduct identity and risk checks.
Transfer
Stripe will pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or sub-processors, if deemed necessary to carry out contractual obligations or for the data to be processed.
Privacy Policy
For full details please see the applicable
Privacy Policy
of Stripe.
I am a user with a Custom connected account. Does Stripe also collect information about my Custom connected account from a third party?
If you are a user with a Custom connected account, Stripe may collect additional information about your account to enable fraud detection and fulfill financial compliance requirements. These requirements for additional information come from our regulators or financial partners and are intended to prevent abuse of the financial system. Examples of missing data fields include your address, phone number, social security number, date of birth, employer identification number, or website URL. Stripe may leverage data we already have from one of your Stripe accounts or Stripe may fill in some of this information by receiving data from a third party. You may view the information that we are associating with your account and update or correct that information by contacting the platform or business that created your Stripe payment account. Please see Stripe’s
Privacy Policy
for additional information.
What responsibilities do Connect platforms with custom accounts have to allow their users to update or correct information associated with their accounts?
You, the Platform, are responsible for all interactions with your Custom accounts and for collecting all of the information needed to verify the Custom account-holders. Since Custom account holders cannot log into Stripe, it is up to you to build the user dashboard and communication channels. You are responsible for actioning any request by a user to update or correct their Stripe Custom account information.
I am a user with a Custom connected account. Will data collected from a third party be visible to my customers?
Card networks and issuers use statement descriptors to identify payments on a cardholder’s bank statement. Statement descriptors usually include information about the payment, such as the name and phone number of the seller. However, the exact information displayed is ultimately up to a cardholder’s bank. If Stripe updates your account’s business address, phone number, or email address, these fields may be displayed on the statement descriptor within the cardholder’s bank statement. However, the exact information displayed is ultimately up to the card network or the cardholder’s bank. If any information is incorrect, please reach out to the platform through which you receive charges to ensure you have provided them with the most accurate information about you and your business.
What are Stripe ACS, Transaction Authentication, and Behavioral Biometrics?
What is Stripe ACS?
Stripe ACS is Stripe’s transaction authentication solution for card issuers (e.g., banks). Stripe ACS helps card issuers to authenticate transactions of cardholders when they are making payments online using their cards.
What is behavioral biometrics?
Behavioral biometrics is an innovative technology that can be used for the purpose of preventing fraud and identifying legitimate transactions. Behavioral biometrics leverages a combination of personal data and device characteristics to distinguish between legitimate customers and fraudsters or bots.
How is behavioral biometrics data collected and used in Stripe ACS?
This processing is designed to verify a cardholder’s identity based on their behavioral biometric data which is modeled based on data collected during each authentication attempt.
This type of transaction authentication will typically observe interactions within a system or device to verify a cardholder’s identity for the purposes of authenticating online payments. The following elements may be processed during the authentication process:
Length of text field inputs
Location of mouse pointer
Modifier key details (e.g., CTRL, SHIFT)
Timing and location of mouse clicks
Timing and location of touch events
Timing between keystrokes
Window scroll position
For the purpose of fraud risk mitigation, this processing involves use of a device identifier cookie (Ndcd, Device ID, DID) that aims to accurately analyze biometrics data observed on a specific device. This cookie facilitates device detection in order to enhance fraud detection and prevention as well as to identify suspicious devices or devices that are behaving abnormally. For more information on how we use cookies, please see
Stripe’s Cookie Policy
.
Purpose of processing and Stripe’s role
Stripe may process biometric data relating to cardholders in order to assist card issuers to authenticate payment transactions. This is done as part of Stripe’s payment transaction authentication services provided to card issuers (including for the purposes of meeting
Strong Customer Authentication
requirements).
In providing these services to card issuers, Stripe acts as a data controller in relation to cardholder data. Please see Stripe’s
Privacy Policy
to learn more about our use of personal data.
As part of providing this authentication services to card issuers, Stripe engages with a third party provider, Mastercard, which also acts as a data controller. See
Mastercard’s Privacy Notice
for details on Mastercard’s processing activities in this context.
Customers rights and choices
Upon initiating a transaction, cardholders will have the option of providing their consent to processing their behavioral biometrics data as part of the transaction authentication flow. This will be presented to the cardholder during the checkout flow on the merchant’s website or app when authentication is requested from the card issuer. Cardholders will have the option to withdraw their consent during each subsequent transaction flow.
To withdraw consent outside of a transaction flow, you can email
privacy-acs@stripe.com
with the subject matter line “Stripe ACS -
withdraw consent
”. In your email to withdraw consent, please provide: (a) the first 6 digits of your card number as this enables Stripe to identify your issuing bank (please do not provide any digits other than the first 6 digits); and (b) the phone number (including the country code) registered with your bank account that is used for one-time passcodes.
We will action this withdrawal request as soon as possible after it is verified, but please note that this can take up to 10 working days as we may need to verify the request with your card issuer. You may also contact the card issuer in order for the issuer to implement this withdrawal of consent by engaging with Stripe.
To submit a request to exercise any of the other
rights
described in our Privacy Policy, you may contact Stripe at
privacy-acs@stripe.com
.
Promotional Emails Feature
For End Customers and prospective End Customers of our Business Users
What is the Promotional Emails feature?
Promotional Emails is a feature that gives Business Users who use “Stripe Checkout” services a new tool to enable sending email promotional content to their customers and prospective customers. When you visit a Business User’s checkout page (that is powered by Stripe Checkout services), the Promotional Email feature will enable Stripe to collect information about your preferences to receive promotional emails from that merchant.
Promotional email preferences are collected whether or not you complete the purchase or are just a prospective End Customer. “Prospective End Customer” means you visited a Business User’s site and expressed an intent to make a purchase by starting a purchase on the Business User’s checkout page, but did not complete that purchase during that session. To be a “prospective End Customer” for the promotional email feature, you also need to have started to input your contact information into the checkout form, and then not delete that information prior to the end of the session.
If you, prospective End Customer, indicate permission to receive news and personalized offers by virtue of the opt-in/opt-out checkbox on your Business User’s checkout form, the following personal data is provided to your Business User so that your Business User can contact you to remind you of the items you left in the checkout or to provide you news and personalized offers:
Email (if provided by you).
Items in your cart with that merchant (if any).
“Personalized offers” means promotional or marketing materials tailored to you, such as coupons or advertisements based on the items in your cart or (in some cases) your prior purchases from that Business User. Even if you opt-out of personalized offers by a Business User, if you do business with that Business User, they may still need to contact you in order to enable a purchase (e.g., for delivery or billing purposes) or in connection with customer support. Please see your Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
What is Stripe’s role (Data Processor/Controller) in the processing of my Personal Data?
For the Promotional Emails feature, Stripe acts as a
data processor
or service provider, meaning that Stripe is acting at the direction of the Business User that has implemented this Stripe provided feature. The Stripe entity that acts as a data processor for personal data is:
Stripe Inc. in the United States.
Stripe Payments Europe Limited outside of the United States, including Europe
What Personal Data Is Stripe Collecting?
Stripe’s
Privacy Policy
describes in more detail the personal data that Stripe collects in connection with payment transactions.
What Personal Data is Shared by Stripe with the Business Users I use?
Whenever you complete a transaction on a Business User’s website that uses Stripe services, as a service provider to that Business User, Stripe will share your contact information with that Business User. Business Users use the information that Stripe provides in accordance with its own privacy policy, including in connection with your purchase.
With the Promotional Emails feature:
If you complete a purchase with a Business User, in addition to the transaction-related information identified in our
Privacy Policy
(e.g., your contact and billing information and the details of your transaction), Stripe will also share with your Business User your personalized offers and news preferences as determined by the opt-in/opt-out checkbox from your checkout form.
If you are a prospective
End Customer
(you start a purchase with your Business User on their checkout form but do not complete that purchase), the personal data that we share with your Business User depends on the following:
If you have not inputted any personal data into your Business User’s checkout form, then we will not share any personal data with that Business User.
If you have inputted personal data into your Business User’s checkout form:
If the checkbox for receiving news and personalized offers is not enabled when you leave your Business User’s checkout session, we will not share any of that personal data.
If the checkbox for receiving news and personalized offers is enabled when you leave your Business User’s checkout session, we will share the following information with that Business User:
Email (if provided by you).
Items in your cart with that merchant (if any).
End Customers and prospective End customers should always review the privacy policy or notice of the Business Users they visit and do business with for information about the Business User’s data collection practices and purposes outside of this Stripe feature.
Does Stripe share my personal data with other Business Users?
No. Stripe does not share personal data collected in connection with purchases (or attempted purchases) from one Business User’s checkout with another Business User. Please see our Privacy Policy to learn more about our practices.
How do I stop promotional emails from a merchant?
Any offers or promotional emails that you receive as a result of a Business User’s use of the Promotional Emails feature are sent by Business Users (or others identified in the message), and not by Stripe. I If you do not find value in receiving these emails, please contact the Business User you are receiving the messages from. Stripe requires that Business Users that choose to implement the Promotional Email feature also provide the option to unsubscribe or opt-out of receiving further promotional messages. It would be a breach of Stripe’s terms of service for a Business User to not promptly comply with opt-out requests.
How Does the Data Collection and Transfer Work?
The Promotional Email feature does not use cookies or track you across Business Users. Information collected from the Business User’s checkout page is transferred only to the Business User via API calls or webhooks. Webhooks are a way for Stripe to send the information to the Business User automatically upon their request. Your information provided at checkout is encrypted in transit using HTTPS and TLS. See
Security at Stripe
for more information.
How do I stop the sale of my personal data in connection with this feature?
Stripe does not sell your personal data. See our Privacy Policy for more information. The Promotional Emails feature is not the sale of personal data. Rather, Stripe acts as a processor (or service provider) to Business Users for the Promotional Email feature. Please contact your Business User to learn about their personal data practices and how you can exercise rights to stop the sale or processing of personal data provided under applicable law and/or their privacy policy.
Stripe requires that Business Users that choose to implement the Promotional Email feature also provide the option to unsubscribe or opt-out of receiving further promotional messages. It would be a breach of Stripe’s terms of service for a Business User to not promptly comply with opt-out requests.
For Business Users
How to Use this Service as a Business User
If you are a business that is using or intends to use Stripe’s Promotional Emails feature, please visit the
support webpage
for tips and guidance on information to share with your End Customers and prospective End Customers regarding privacy considerations in connection with the Promotional Emails feature for your business.
Stripe Delegated Authentication
Cardholders
You may be given the option to enable on-device biometric verification and provide your consent for Stripe to store your payment method details for future transactions that use the same card. Please visit our
support site
to learn more about our privacy practices for Stripe Delegated Authentication. Alternatively, you can jump to a specific topic here:
Why does the cardholder see Stripe when asked to authenticate a payment?
What is Stripe Delegated Authentication?
How is personal data used in Stripe Delegated Authentication?
How can cardholders provide and withdraw their consent for the storage of their payment method details?
Link
We offer you the opportunity to store your payment methods with us so that you can conveniently use it across certain merchants who are our Business Users – we call this “Link” (formerly known as “Remember Me”). When you choose to use Link, you agree to let us store your payment method so that you can more readily make purchases through Link with Business Users of our payment processing Business Services (e.g., name, card number, cvc, and expiration date). We will also collect other Transaction Data, including billing address, shipping address, email and phone number. Your payment method data is secured using PCI-DSS standards.
Should you not have used Link and receive an SMS in error due to an inaccurate number being inserted at the authentication flow stage you can opt out
here
and your personal data will be deleted.
Stripe Capital
Stripe Capital
provides Business Users with access to fast, flexible funding so businesses can manage cash flows and invest in growth. Depending on your business's corporate structure and jurisdiction, you may be eligible for different types of financing. Financing for Business Users located in the US is provided by Celtic Bank or Youlend in partnership with Stripe Capital. Financing for Business Users located in the EU or UK is provided by Youlend Ltd or Banking Circle S.A.
What information does Stripe process for Stripe Capital?
We use existing data linked to your Stripe Account to evaluate your business’s
eligibility
for Stripe Capital. You may also be asked to link additional data sources, such as business bank accounts or business credit information, in order to receive financing through Stripe Capital. The following information may be considered prior to the offer of financing in order to determine eligibility, including:
Payment processing volume
Payment processing growth
Chargeback rate
Customer base
Duration of relationship with Stripe
Bank account balances
Transaction history
Business credit history
Where Stripe is satisfied that a Business User meets particular criteria established by Stripe and our Financial Partners (as applicable), we will send the Business User an email and dashboard notification notifying them of their business’s eligibility for potential financing and invite them to apply.
If you are a Business User located in the U.S., once you have received an offer and submitted an application to receive your financing, we will use the above listed information to verify your business’s eligibility and where your application is approved, to disburse the loan or the MCA to your linked bank account.
If you are a Business User located in Europe and/or the U.K. and you wish to apply for financing, when you submit an application to receive your financing, your information will be shared with YouLend, who will evaluate your eligibility for financing. If your application is approved, YouLend will disburse the financing to your linked bank account.
The legal basis for using your information
We will process your personal data where its use is in accordance with our legitimate business interests. Analysis of our Business User’s information helps us to manage our business for our legitimate interests. It allows us to:
Verify the identity of our Business Users in order to comply with fraud monitoring, prevention and detection obligations, applicable laws associated with the identification and reporting of illegal and illicit activity, such as AML (Anti-Money Laundering) and KYC (Know-Your-Customer) obligations, and financial reporting obligations.
Assess the level of financial risk to us, Financial Partners and to Business Users involved in offering Business Users financing.
Enhance our machine learning models to allow us to better tailor financing to, and decrease the risk to, you and other Business Users.
We will also process your data where it is necessary for financing agreement that you have entered into or because you have submitted an application to receive funding and to determine eligibility to enter into a financing agreement with us or with our Financial Partners.
We may send you email marketing communications about Stripe Capital offers, provided we do so in accordance with applicable law, including any consent requirements.
Who does Stripe share information with?
Stripe may share your Personal Data with its Financial Partners in order to determine your eligibility for financing you have requested or as necessary complete and/or service transactions with Financial Partners who in some cases may purchase the right to receive repayment on your financing.
What is Stripe’s role?
The Stripe entity responsible for your data will depend on the location of your business.
If your business is based in the US, Stripe, Inc. is the data controller responsible for Personal Data collected and processed in relation to the financing that business receives through Stripe Capital. If your business is based in the EU or UK, Stripe Payments Europe, Limited (“SPEL”), is the data controller responsible for Personal Data collected and processed in relation to Stripe Capital.
How do I opt-out of receiving Capital offers?
Business Users have the option to unsubscribe or opt-out of receiving Capital offers via the link included in Stripe Capital emails.  Business Users may also opt-out of dashboard notifications via the settings page of the Stripe Dashboard. If you have any questions, please
contact us
.
Financial Connections
If you are an End Customer who has been asked to link your financial account using Stripe, please visit the support webpage
here
to learn more about our privacy practices. Or you can jump to the specific topics linked here:
Linking my financial account and consent
Data collected, stored, and shared from my linked account
How Stripe accesses data from my linked account
Relationship between Stripe and its service providers
Data security
Who can access data from my linked account and for what purposes
Who will obtain my login credentials
Requesting disconnection or data deletion
Correcting my financial account information
Are there instances when Stripe receives non-Stripe transaction history?
Yes. For example, Stripe enables the Business User to import non-Stripe data through the Stripe Dashboard to consolidate their revenue data in one place.
Learn more
. Separately, Stripe may also obtain your account transactions from your financial account with your consent.
Learn more
.
Refunds to End Customer Bank Account
End Customers
If you have been asked to provide your bank account and other information to process a refund on behalf of your merchant (i.e., our Business User), please visit the
webpage here
to learn more about our privacy practices for end customer bank account refunds.
Business User that uses Stripe to Process Refunds
If you are a Business User that is using or intends to use Stripe to process refunds, please visit the
webpage here
for additional guidance on privacy considerations for your business.
Stripe Frontier
What is Stripe Frontier?
Frontier is an
advance market commitment
(AMC) that aims to accelerate the development of carbon removal technologies by guaranteeing future demand for them. It facilitates purchases from high-potential carbon removal companies on behalf of buyers. Learn more at
https://frontierclimate.com/
.
What information does Stripe Frontier collect?
We will collect any information you choose to provide to us, for example, through support tickets, emails or social media. When you respond to Stripe emails or surveys, we collect your email address, name and any other information you choose to include in the body of your email or responses. If you contact us by phone, we will collect the phone number you use to call Stripe, as well as other information you may provide during the call. We will also collect your engagement data such as your registration for, attendance of, or viewing of Stripe events and other interaction with Stripe personnel. See our
privacy policy
for more information.
What is the legal basis for processing Stripe Frontier information?
We rely on consent to process your data. Where you proactively reach out to Stripe and provide your data, Stripe will process your data based on Stripe’s
legitimate business interests
(e.g. help answer your queries, and provide customer support). With your permission or where allowed by law, we use your personal data to market our services to you, invite you to participate in our events or surveys, or otherwise communicate with you for our marketing purposes, provided that we do so in accordance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements.
Is my data relating to Stripe Frontier transferred?
We are a global business. Personal Data may be stored and processed in any country where we do business. We may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own country, including to the United States. These countries may have data protection rules that are different from your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from Officials (such as law enforcement or security authorities). See our
privacy policy
for more information.
What are my rights and choices with respect to the information collected for Stripe Frontier?
You may have choices regarding our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data. If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us, you may opt-out via the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights described
here
with regard to the Personal Data we control about you.
How do I exercise my rights as to Stripe Frontier?
EEA and UK
. To exercise your rights, you may contact our DPO. If you are a resident of the EEA or we have identified Stripe Payments Europe Limited as your data controller, and believe we process your information within the scope of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, you may direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
California
. If you are a consumer located in California, please review the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) section of our
Privacy Policy
.
See our
privacy policy
for additional jurisdiction-specific provisions.
Any questions about Stripe Frontier and the processing of your data?
If you have any questions or complaints, please contact us.
Data Protection Officer
Does Stripe have a Data Protection Officer (DPO)?
Yes, Stripe has appointed a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”), who can and they can be reached via
email
.
Quebec Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information
Who is Stripe’s person in charge of personal information under the Quebec Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, and how do I contact them?
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information. You may contact them via
email
.
We are committed to protecting personal information and have established policies and procedures that govern our treatment of personal information. These policies and procedures include, among other things, the following:
policies and procedures to protect personal information in our custody and control from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
processes to respond to data subject requests and complaints in a timely and effective manner.
a framework for the retention and destruction of personal information to ensure compliance with legal obligations, and to securely destroy personal information once no longer required.
a privacy framework that defines the roles and responsibilities for our employees with respect to the treatment of personal information.
providing our employees with regular privacy training and awareness.
International Data Transfers
The detail below is provided for informational purposes. It is not intended to provide legal advice. Stripe urges Business Users to consult with counsel to familiarize themselves with the requirements that govern their specific situations.
How is Stripe dealing with its international data transfers?
As a global business, Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed, in any country where we do business, where our service providers do business or if you use an international payment method or financial partner service, the countries in which that payment method or financial partner operates.
We may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own country, including to the United States. Stripe relies on a number of data transfer mechanisms to legalize the transfer of Personal Data around the globe.
Stripe continues to have appropriate safeguards and compliance measures to ensure an adequate level of protection of Personal Data transferred outside the UK, EEA and Switzerland. Stripe’s measures may include:
Transferring Personal Data from the originating to a country or recipient that has been deemed to have an adequate level of data protection by relevant privacy authorities, including the European Commission.
The EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), which allows personal data to flow freely between the EEA and certified organizations in the U.S. The European Commission has adopted an adequacy decision confirming that personal data can be transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to certified U.S. organizations. The UK Government similarly confirmed that organizations can rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”) to transfer data from the UK to certified U.S. organizations. The Swiss Federal Council has confirmed that organizations can rely on the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) to transfer data from Switzerland to certified US companies and it has adopted an adequacy decision for the U.S. in this respect. Stripe’s parent entity, Stripe, Inc, is certified under the EU-U.S DPF, Swiss-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension. Stripe relies on the Data Privacy Framework to transfer personal data from respectively the EEA, the UK and Switzerland to the US. To learn more about the DPF program, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
, and to view our certification, please see
here
.
The Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) approved by the European Commission. SCCs are a transfer mechanism (in the form of a legal contract) used by Stripe to provide a legal mechanism to transfer EU personal data outside of the EEA/UK. These are required under EU data protection law (known as the GDPR) and are incorporated into our agreements.
The UK International Data Transfer Addendum (“UK Addendum”) issued by the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office to provide a legal mechanism to transfer Personal Data from the UK. This mechanism is required under UK data protection law (known as UK GDPR) and is incorporated into our agreements.
Other alternative data transfer mechanisms approved by relevant privacy authorities to enable the transfer of Personal Data to a third country.
Stripe respects the privacy of everyone that engages with our products and services, and we are committed to being transparent about our privacy processes and policies. To learn more about our commitment to privacy and data security, please see our
Privacy Policy
, the rest of the
Stripe Privacy Center
, and the
Stripe Security Center
.
We also want to highlight some of our supplementary measures to protect our Business Users’ data from unauthorized access.
Stripe employs security controls and maintains and enforces a security program that addresses the management of security. We also perform risk assessments and implement and maintain controls for risk identification, analysis, monitoring, reporting, and corrective action. Stripe maintains and enforces an asset management program that appropriately classifies and controls hardware and software assets throughout their life cycle. In addition, Stripe employees, agents, and contractors acknowledge their data security and privacy responsibilities under Stripe’s policies.
Stripe applies technical and organizational measures that include the following:
Virtual access control to prevent data processing systems from being used by unauthorized persons.
Data access control to ensure that persons entitled to use a data processing system gain access only to such Personal Data in accordance with their access rights, and that Personal Data cannot be read, copied, modified or deleted without authorization.
Disclosure control to ensure that Personal Data cannot be read, copied, modified or deleted without authorization during electronic transmission, transport or storage on storage media (manual or electronic), and that it can be verified to which companies or other legal entities Personal Data are disclosed.
Entry control to audit whether data have been entered, changed or removed (deleted), and by whom, from data processing systems.
Stripe relies on third party service providers to host its production infrastructure. Those third parties apply physical access control to prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to the data processing systems available at premises and facilities (including databases, application servers, and related hardware), where Personal Data are processed.
Availability control to ensure that Personal Data are protected against accidental destruction or loss (physical/logical).
Separation control to ensure that Personal Data collected for different purposes can be processed separately.
By default, Stripe encrypts data at rest and data in transit. We further protect your data with tools like audit logs, access management policies and certifications as described on our
Payments
page in the section “Security and compliance at the core”. Security controls implemented at Stripe include TLS 1.2 configuration of endpoints for data in transit, TLS and/or SSL encryption for HTTPS and regular testing of infrastructure components. Two-step authentication is available for an extra layer of security at Dashboard login.
We get requests for access to data from law enforcement, and we review each request with the goal of responding with the minimum amount of required information in response to legitimate, legally mandated requests.
If you have any questions, please
contact us
.
Is Stripe certified under the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework?
Stripe has certified its participation in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. Stripe relies on the DPF to enable international transfers. In case the DPF is invalidated or Stripe is otherwise prevented from relying on the DPF, we incorporate multiple transfer mechanisms to ensure that data transfers can continue. If more than one data transfer mechanism applies, the DPF takes precedence. You can learn more about our certification and read the Stripe Data Privacy Framework Policy at
https://stripe.com/legal/data-privacy-framework
.
How does Stripe’s certification under the EU-U.S. DPF impact my organization?
The EU-U.S. DPF is a legal framework that allows organizations to transfer EEA Personal Data  to certified organizations in the U.S. Stripe’s
Data Transfers Addendum
sets out the data transfer mechanisms that Stripe may rely on to carry out international transfers of personal data, including the EU-U.S. DPF. You can learn more about our certification and read the Stripe Data Privacy Framework Policy at
https://stripe.com/legal/data-privacy-framework
. If you are a Business User and would like to transfer data to us under the DPF, please
contact us
or your account manager if you have any questions.
How do the SCCs and UK Addendum impact my organization?
SCCs are legal contracts entered into between parties that are transferring EEA Personal Data outside of the EEA. Stripe may rely on the SCCs for transfers of EEA data in our services. We have updated our Data Transfer Addendum and agreements to incorporate the SCCs (where applicable).
How to get a copy of the SCCs or UK Addendum?
You can review our Data Transfers Addendum which includes the latest data transfer mechanisms, including the SCCs, the UK addendum and the Swiss addendum
here
.
What is CBPR and PRP and is Stripe certified?
Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) schemes are frameworks designed to facilitate data privacy harmonization across international boundaries, primarily within the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) region. CBPR is aimed at organizations handling personal data as a data controller, ensuring compliance with APEC’s privacy standards and enabling secure cross-border data flow. It requires certified organizations to develop privacy policies that meet APEC's criteria and undergo independent certification. PRP, on the other hand, is tailored for data processors, establishing standards for how processors manage and secure data on behalf of data controllers. It provides a mechanism for demonstrating compliance with global privacy requirements, promoting trust and accountability.
Stripe’s privacy practices comply with CBPR and PRP systems as evidenced by the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained.
Why is Stripe storing authentication and authorization data globally?
We have integrated a robust, multi-region infrastructure dedicated to optimizing authentication, authorization, and identity management. This infrastructure spans multiple geographic regions, specifically including our data centers located in the United States and India. By adopting this global approach, we have significantly enhanced the speed and reliability of our services, allowing users to benefit from faster and more consistent access to their data, regardless of their location. This advancement results in a superior and seamless service experience with reduced latency, which is essential for maintaining high standards of user satisfaction.
Our focus on global data storage centers around particular categories of Personal Data, strictly limited to aspects of user authentication and security. The specific types of data stored globally include Representative identifying information such as name, location, email address, phone number, date of birth, IP address, and device ID. These elements are integral to various facets of our operations, including login credentials and settings for multi-factor authentication, as well as device information and security challenges relevant to account security. Additionally, session management data, user roles and permissions, team invitations and management, and Single Sign-On (SSO) configurations fall under this umbrella of globally stored data.
Importantly, this global storage strategy does not extend to any transactional information or other data related to End Customers.
Your Rights and Choices
How do I exercise my data protection rights?
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights:
Right to confirmation of processing
Right to access
Right of rectification/correction
Right to data portability
Right to restrict processing
Right to object to processing
Right to withdraw consent (where it is relied upon)
Right to erasure/deletion
Right to opt-out of processing for targeted advertising
Right to opt-out from profiling for certain decisions with legal or similarly significant effect
Right to opt-out of receiving electronic communications from us
Right to non-discrimination for exercising your rights
Right to opt-out from a sale of personal information
Right to opt-out of “sharing” under California privacy law (
learn more
)
Right to confirm the third parties or categories of third parties to which personal data has been disclosed
Right to limit the use or sharing of sensitive personal information (
learn more
)
Right to appeal Stripe’s response to your data subject request
Please read this section to find out more about specific rights. To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please reach out to us by
email
, or via our
form
or by physical addresses listed in
Contact Us
.
You have the right to complain to your local data protection authority if you are unhappy with our privacy practices.
Which privacy rights are available in my state?
Laws in the various U.S. states may provide different privacy rights.  For more information on which rights may be available under the laws in your state, consult the following table:
Right to confirmation of processing
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to access
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to correction
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Virginia
Right to data portability
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to deletion
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to opt-out of processing for targeted advertising
Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to opt-out from a sale of personal data
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to opt-out from profiling for certain decisions with legal or similarly significant effect
Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Virginia
Right to non-discrimination for exercising your rights
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia
Right to appeal the refusal of a request to exercise your rights
Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Virginia
Right to confirm the third parties or categories of third parties to which personal data has been disclosed
Delaware, Oregon
Right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal data
California
Right to opt-out from Sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising
California
How do I access my data?
If you are a Business User or Representative, you may login in to the Stripe Dashboard to view personal information shared with Stripe.
If you are the End Customer of a Business User that uses Stripe services, the Business User would be the correct party to respond to a data subject access request related to your transactional information.
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the right to request confirmation of whether Stripe processes Personal Data relating to you, and if so, to request a copy of that Personal Data. If you are an End User or otherwise have a direct relationship with us, you may submit your access request by
email
, or through our
form
. Please note that we may need to verify your identity and your relationship with us before we can proceed with your request.
In addition, Stripe's
Data Access Tool
provides self-service access to some of the data from integrated Stripe products.
How do I unsubscribe from marketing emails?
If you are a Business User or Visitor, you may unsubscribe from Stripe marketing emails
here
. If you have any questions about how to opt-out of Stripe marketing communications, please contact us
here
.
If you are a Link user, you may opt-out from marketing-related emails by using the unsubscribe link in any marketing email you receive, or by managing your subscription preferences in the Link website. To manage your preferences log into your
Link account
, then navigate to your account settings. Turn “Marketing emails - Receive updates and deals from Link and its partners” on or off. Your email address will be opted out of email marketing communications as soon as possible.
When does Stripe continue to process data after it has received a deletion request or objection to the processing?
In certain circumstances, Stripe may be required by law to retain and process your Personal Data  even after a deletion request or objection to the processing.  For instance, Stripe is required to retain certain Personal Data it receives from its Business Users to satisfy legal obligations under Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) laws.
Stripe may also rely on compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing your Personal Data. Stripe may act on such grounds, for instance, when it takes steps to prevent fraud and financial crimes.  When Personal Data is necessary to enable or maintain the integrity of Stripe’s fraud detection and financial models, Stripe may not be able to honor requests to delete or stop processing that data.  If Stripe honored such requests, fraudsters might take advantage of its willingness to do so to seek deletion of data related to their past fraudulent activities.  Without such data, Stripe would be less able to recognize similar activities in the future.
What data may be shared or made available to enable me to see Stripe ads on other sites?
To enable visitors of Stripe.com to see Stripe ads on other sites, we use advertising APIs and server-side pixels. The data that Stripe shares or makes available to enable this advertising include identifiers, internet or other similar network activity, IP addresses, and device characteristics. Any potentially personally identifying details are hashed through cryptographic SHA-256 hashing. Click the below links to learn more about the data that may be shared or made available to enable this feature.  You can disable the toggle in the “advertising” section of our
cookie settings
page at any time.
Third party service
Data that we may share or make available
Service description
Learn more
Meta
Sign-up information and interactions with Stripe and our products, website activity, IP address, device and browser characteristics, timestamps of visits, cryptographically hashed (SHA-256) email, first name, last name.
The Meta Conversions API is a Meta business tool that creates a direct connection between your
marketing data and the Meta technologies that optimize ad performance. This helps you to
use your own marketing data to optimize ad targeting, decrease cost per action and see a
more complete picture of campaign outcomes while respecting people’s privacy.
https://www.facebook.com/business/tools/facebook-conversions-api
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/conversions-api/
Linkedin
Sign-up information and interactions with Stripe and our products, website activity, IP address, device and browser characteristics, timestamps of visits, cryptographically hashed (SHA-256) email, first name,) last name.
With the Linkedin Conversions API, you can connect both your online and offline data to LinkedIn so you can see how your campaigns influenced actions taken on your website, sales completed over the phone, or leads collected in-person at an event.
https://www.linkedin.com/help/lms/answer/a1655394
Reddit
Sign-up information and interactions with Stripe and our products, website activity, IP address, device and browser characteristics, timestamps of visits, cryptographically hashed (SHA-256) email, first name, last name.
The Reddit Conversions API is a server-to-server solution that shares your conversion data directly to Reddit’s platform without needing website code. By building a sustainable server-side connection, this integration is more resilient to signal loss and will help deliver stronger campaign performance via improved measurement, targeting, and optimization.
https://business.reddithelp.com/helpcenter/s/article/Conversions-API
X
Sign-up information and interactions with Stripe and our products, website activity, IP address, device and browser characteristics, timestamps of visits, cryptographically hashed (SHA-256) email, first name, last name.
The X Conversions API is a server-to-server solution that shares your conversion data directly to X’s platform. By building a sustainable server-side connection, this integration is more resilient to signal loss and will help deliver stronger campaign performance via improved measurement, targeting, and optimization.
https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-ads-api/measurement/web-conversions/conversion-api
Line
Sign-up information and interactions with Stripe and our products, website activity, IP address, device and browser characteristics, timestamps of visits, cryptographically hashed (SHA-256) email, first name, last name.
Line Conversions API is a server-to-server solution that shares your conversion data directly to Line’s platform. By building a sustainable server-side connection, this integration is more resilient to signal loss and will help deliver stronger campaign performance via improved measurement, targeting, and optimization.
https://conversion-api-docs.linebiz.com/en/
Google
Sign-up information and interactions with Stripe and our products, website activity, IP address, device and browser characteristics, timestamps of visits, cryptographically hashed (SHA-256) email.
The Google Tag is a tracking tag for Google’s advertising products (Search, Display, YouTube, GA4) enabling advertisers to serve a more personalised ad experience across Google’s advertising products. Combined with Google’s API solutions, advertisers can share conversion data to enhance on-site activity with offline customer interactions to improve measurement, targeting, and optimization.
https://developers.google.com/tag-platform/tag-manager/server-side/overview
https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/11347292?sjid=13132835489466327554-NC
Demandbase
IP address, timestamps of visit, referrer, page URL, cookie ID, Sign-up information, device and browser characteristics
The Demandbase tag reads the IP address and cookie of each visitor and passes that information to our identification API, which determines which company the visitor works for. In this way, we're able to measure visitors' interest in your company.
https://support.demandbase.com/hc/en-us/articles/115005051743-Understanding-the-Demandbase-Tag
Does Stripe honor the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signal?
Yes.  Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a signal that is sent by a web browser on your behalf that communicates your choice to opt-out of sharing for targeted advertisements.  If you have enabled GPC on your browser, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharing” when you interact with our site.  You can learn more about how to use opt-out preference signals by visiting the
Global Privacy Control website
.
Can I turn off tracking and advanced fraud signals?
Your web browser may allow you to manage your cookie preferences, including deleting or disabling Stripe cookies. If you choose to disable cookies, keep in mind that some features of our Site or Services may not operate as intended. Disabling cookies will not disable the collection of advanced fraud signals, which we use to prevent fraud on Stripe. The collection of this data is controlled by the Business User that integrated with Stripe. If a Business User seeks to disable this data collection, they can find instructions to do so through Stripe’s documentation. You can take a look at the help section of your web browser or follow the links below to understand your options for disabling cookies.
Google Chrome
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Safari
Firefox
Opera
You can learn more about how businesses can disable collection of advanced fraud signals in our documentation for
disabling advanced fraud detection
.
How do I delete my account?
You can close your Stripe account from the Settings page on the Dashboard. You can read more about that on our support page:
Close a Stripe account
.
Please be aware that we will delete some, but not all, of the information that we hold, for the reasons explained below.
As a provider of payment services, Stripe is required to comply with many regulations, including anti-terrorism and anti-money laundering laws. These regulations and laws may require Stripe to retain transactional records associated with Business Users for a prescribed period of time after the close of the business relationship. You can read more about our underwriting obligations in our
Privacy Policy
.
How do I delete my Custom Connect account?
If you have a Custom Connect account, your account is managed by a Platform / Business User. They are the party responsible for managing payments for you and responding to your query; therefore we recommend reaching out to them for assistance.
How do I delete my Express Connect account?
If you have an Express Connect account, your account is managed by a Platform / Business User. They are the party responsible for managing payments for you and responding to your query; therefore we recommend reaching out to them for assistance.
What is the Privacy Policy for Stripe Media Services?
The Privacy Policy for Stripe Media Services (Media Privacy Policy) describes how Stripe collects and processes personal data in order to provide the Stripe Media Services, including Stripe Press, Increment, and Works in Progress. We encourage you to read our
Media Privacy Policy
to learn more.
Does Stripe localize storage of data in India?
Personal Data may be processed either locally in India or in any other country where we have operations or where we engage service providers, to the extent permitted under applicable laws of India. The entire payment system data will be stored only in India in accordance with the RBI data localization guidelines.
Where can I lodge my complaint on data handling in India?
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the treatment of your Personal Data in India, please contact our Nodal Officer and Grievance Officer:
Name - Yogender Singh
Email Address - complaints-in@stripe.com
Address - Prestige Tech Pacific Park, 10th Floor, Building 2, Kadubeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk, Bangalore-560103 Karnataka, India
For more information about complaint handling, please visit
here
.
Separately, for law enforcement requests, please contact
LERequests@stripe.com
.
Notification IT Rules 2021
We are required to inform you that in case of non-compliance with rules and regulations, our Privacy Policy or user agreement, we have the right to terminate your access or usage rights immediately or remove non-compliant information or both, as the case may be.
Cookies & Other Technology
How does Stripe use cookies?
We use cookies to (1) ensure that our services function properly, (2) prevent and detect fraud and violations of our terms of service, (3) understand how visitors use and engage with our website and (4) analyze and improve our services. Depending on your relationship with Stripe and the domain you are visiting, different cookies apply. For instance some cookies are set on a public Stripe or Link domain, some on the Stripe Dashboard or a Link settings page, and some on the payment page available to end users who make payments using Stripe services, including Link.
Cookies play an important role in helping Stripe provide personal, effective and safe services. Please be mindful that we change the cookies periodically as we improve or add to our services. For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
What is Stripe.js?
Stripe.js is a JavaScript library that businesses use to integrate Stripe and accept online payments (corresponding iOS and Android SDKs enable the same use cases). Stripe uses Stripe.js to facilitate fraud prevention technologies and the use of its Link payment services on the websites of Business Users.
For fraud detection, Stripe.js uses cookies, including `__stripe_mid`, `__stripe_sid`, and `m`, to collect signals differentiating legitimate behavior from fraudulent behavior.  For example, fraudsters and bots often spend less time on Business Users’ pages than legitimate End Customers. We are able to detect this behavior and use it in evaluating the risk that a transaction is fraudulent.
When you visit a site that uses Stripe, you might see this fraud prevention activity in a privacy report or tracker list on your web browser. Stripe doesn’t—and won’t—share or sell the fraud data it collects using Stripe.js to advertisers. Stripe works to keep this fraud detection data  secure and ensure it does not leave Stripe infrastructure. It is exchanged between the following Stripe-controlled hosts:js.stripe.com, m.stripe.network, and m.stripe.com, and access to this data is tightly restricted to a small number of Stripe employees whose security permissions are regularly reviewed. You can read more about how Stripe uses data for fraud prevention in our
Privacy Policy
.
Stripe also uses the Stripe.js library to implement cookies and similar technology such as `pay_sid`, `link.auth_session_client_secret`, and `elements_session` to enable Link to remember users’ information for faster checkout across Stripe merchant sites and to collect analytics related to Link’s implementation on checkout pages.
You should regularly review the Stripe cookies that are placed on your website and other data collected by Stripe.js. You should consult your counsel regarding how best to disclose this data collection to your customers, including by updating your cookie banner. But, here is a paragraph you could add to your privacy disclosures if they do not already include such information:
We use Stripe for payments, analytics, and other business services. Stripe may collect personal data including via cookies and similar technologies. The personal data Stripe collects may include transactional data and identifying information about devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection, loss prevention, authentication, and analytics related to the performance of its services. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
What are advanced fraud signals?
Stripe’s advanced fraud detection looks at signals about device characteristics and user activity indicators that help distinguish between legitimate and fraudulent transactions. These signals are highly indicative of fraud and power Stripe’s fraud prevention systems, such as Radar. The signals are securely transmitted to Stripe’s backend by periodically making requests to the m.stripe.com endpoint.
You can learn more in our documentation for
advanced fraud detection
.
Why are advanced fraud signals not ad tracking?
Stripe only uses these advanced fraud detection signals to enable secure payments and prevent fraud. We don’t use this data to build individual profiles or share or sell it to third-party advertisers.
You can read more about how we use this data in our
Privacy Policy
.
What obligations should merchants keep in mind relating to cookie technology on their sites?
This article aims to provide information about the use of cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”) on the websites where you as a merchant may use Stripe services and how the cookies support the functions and features of Stripe's services for merchants. For example, your use of certain Stripe services may load stripe.js. Stripe.js is a javascript library provided by Stripe, and in one of its functions it uses cookies for various purposes including fraud prevention, authentication, and analytics (for the avoidance of doubt, the elements_session analytics cookie is only set in some US states). Please refer to
https://stripe.com/cookie-settings
for more information. The specific cookies used by stripe.js depend on your configuration with the related Stripe products.
For example, one of the key features of stripe.js is the fraud prevention system provided by Stripe's Radar product. Radar uses cookies to help businesses reduce chargebacks and losses from fraudulent transactions.
Please note that the use of cookies may have legal implications depending on the geographical location of your business and customers. As a result, you may need to take appropriate action to ensure compliance with local regulatory requirements related to cookies.
You should regularly review the Stripe cookies that are placed on your website to ensure that your own privacy disclosures tell your end users about this type of data collection, and also update your cookie disclosure and/or consent banner accordingly after reviewing the cookies placed on your website.
Here is a paragraph you could add to your privacy disclosures if it does not already include such a disclosure:
We use Stripe for payments, analytics, and other business services. Stripe may collect personal data including via cookies and similar technologies. The personal data Stripe collects may include transactional data and identifying information about devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection, loss prevention, authentication, and analytics related to the performance of its services. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
Below is an overview of the specific cookies associated with each product and their respective functions for Embeddable Checkout, Elements, Radar, and Link.
Cookie Name
Category
Description
Cookie in use when using:
m
Fraud Prevention
Set for fraud prevention purposes and helps us assess the risk associated with an attempted transaction.
Learn more
about advanced fraud detection.
Radar
__stripe_mid
Fraud Prevention
Set for fraud prevention purposes and helps us assess the risk associated with an attempted transaction.
Learn more
about advanced fraud detection.
Radar
__stripe_sid
Fraud Prevention
Set for fraud prevention purposes and helps us assess the risk associated with an attempted transaction.
Learn more
about advanced fraud detection.
Radar
pay_sid
Authentication
Provide a logged-in experience when a consumer uses link.com to make purchases on a merchant site.
Link, Embeddable Checkout, Checkout & Elements
__Host-LinkSession
Authentication
Stores consumer credentials to provide a one-click payment experience at checkout.
Link & Elements
link.auth_session_client_secret
Authentication
Provide a logged-in experience when a consumer uses Stripe-hosted payment UIs to make purchases and Crypto Onramp to purchase crypto.
Link
elements_session
Analytics
The `elements_session` US-only cookie allows us to measure the result of changes we make to the Stripe Elements product and ensure that the performance of the product continues to improve over time.
Embeddable Checkout, Elements & Link
How does Stripe remember payment method details for Link?
Link (formerly known as “Remember Me”) lets end users save and reuse their payment information for faster checkout at thousands of online businesses that use Stripe. When an end user makes a purchase via a Business User (i.e., merchant) that enables Link, the end user can ask Stripe to remember their payment method details, such as credit and debit card details. If an individual chooses to be remembered, Stripe will remember the end user’s email address, phone number, shipping address, and payment method details for future Link transactions.
The payment method details for future transactions may be remembered across multiple Stripe Business Users. Generally, once the cookie is set, the end user may make “1-click” purchases using Link when you check out, which means that Stripe will automatically populate the end user’s saved information into their checkout on their behalf, and use the information to complete the transaction faster.
If the end user enters their phone number or email address during a future Link transaction, Stripe will authenticate the end user by sending the end user a One Time Passcode (OTP), e.g. via an SMS message or email. If the end user correctly enters the OTP, Stripe or the Business User will set a cookie in the end user’s browser, indicating that the end user has been authenticated. If the end user does not enter the OTP, or elects to “log out” of their Link session then the cookie won’t remember the end user.
A cookie is only stored in a specific browser on a specific device. If an end user wishes to make 1-click purchases in a different browser or on a different device, they must go through the OTP authentication process for the new browser or device combination.
After 90 days, it will be necessary for the end user to re-complete the OTP process. The end user may also proactively remove the cookie by clearing cookies in their browser or by selecting the “log out” option when this option is presented in checkout.
If an end user no longer wishes for Stripe to remember their payment method details when they check out in the future, the end user may use the
self-service deletion tool
. Alternatively, the end user may also contact Stripe support to make this request.
The description above describes how an end user may control how their information is stored and used to check out. However, this does not affect the other contexts in which Stripe may store and use end user information. In particular, Stripe may store and use such information as described elsewhere on this Privacy Center - including for purposes such as for advanced fraud detection.
What obligations should Link users keep in mind relating to cookie technology on their sites?
Based on your integration choice (e.g., for Link in Elements), you may have legal responsibilities associated with cookies and similar technology that Stripe uses for fraud detection and/or authentication purposes.
You should always check with your legal counsel to understand how you should comply with applicable legal obligations with setting cookies and similar technology. This section has information to keep in mind.
Stripe cookies or similar technology are set on your domain (e.g. on your checkout flow) from the Stripe.js library. The current Stripe cookies from the Stripe.js library include fraud prevention cookies like `
__stripe_mid`
, `
__stripe_sid`
, and `
m`
, and also end-user authentication cookies like`
pay_sid`
and `
__Host-LinkSession`
.
You should regularly review the Stripe cookies that are placed on your website to ensure that your own privacy disclosures tell your end users about this type of data collection, and also update your cookie banner accordingly after reviewing the cookies placed on your website. Here is a paragraph you could add to your privacy disclosures if it does not already include such a disclosure:
We use Stripe for payments, analytics, and other business services. Stripe may collect personal data including via cookies and similar technologies. The personal data Stripe collects may include transactional data and identifying information about devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection, loss prevention, authentication, and analytics related to the performance of its services. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
Does Stripe use CAPTCHA to protect its website from fraud and abuse?
Yes, some of the Stripe sites may implement Google
reCAPTCHA
Enterprise to help prevent fraud and abuse. Information collected by Google is used to provide and improve reCAPTCHA Enterprise and for general security purposes. Use of reCAPTCHA Enterprise is subject to Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
.
We may also use
hCAPTCHA Enterprise
to help protect Stripe’s sites and services from fraud and abuse, including by bots impersonating human beings.  When you access Stripe’s sites and services protected by hCAPTCHA, we may share data, including browser features and certain hashed identifiers with our hCAPTCHA provider Intuition Machines, Inc.  To the extent that this data is Personal Data, Intuition Machines processes it on Stripe’s behalf as a Data Processor.
Contact Us
Contact our Privacy team
If you have any outstanding privacy questions after reviewing the privacy policy, please don’t hesitate to reach out to us by
email
, or through our
form
.
If you’d like to send us physical mail, please send to:
Stripe, Inc.
354 Oyster Point Boulevard
South San Francisco, California, 94080, USA
Attention: Stripe Legal
Stripe Payments Europe Limited
1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin, D02 H210, Ireland
Attention: Stripe Legal
Where can I learn more about Stripe’s security practices?
Visit our
security page
to learn more about Stripe’s security practices. You should
contact us
immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized use or any other breach of security regarding the Stripe services.
Sub-policy 7
https://vwo.com/de/privacy-policy/:
Diese Website funktioniert am besten mit aktiviertem JavaScript
.
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie JavaScript aktivieren
.
Datenschutzerklärung
1. Verpflichtung zum Datenschutz
2. Übersicht
3. Welche Informationen werden von uns gesammelt oder aufbewahrt?
3.1. Bewusst bereitgestellte Informationen
3.2. Automatisch erfasste Informationen
4. Wie verwenden wir Ihre Informationen?
5. Rechtsgrundlage für die Datenverarbeitung
6. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
7. Wie Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben können
8. Welche Sicherheits- und Vertraulichkeitsstufen gelten für Ihre Informationen?
9. Aufbewahrung von Informationen
10. Wie gehen wir mit Cookies um?
11. Wie erfassen und teilen wir Ihre persönlichen Daten?
12. Hinweis für die Nutzer der Websites unserer Kunden
13. Informationen für Kinder
14. Datenschutzbeauftragter
15. Repräsentant in der EU
16. Einhaltung des EU-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF), der UK- Erweiterung zum EU-U.S. DPF und des Swiss-U.S. DPF
17. Datenschutzbehörden und Streitbeilegung
Gültig ab:
28. February 2025, für Neu- und Bestandskunden
Aktuelle Version: 5.0
Alle früheren Datenschutzerklärungen
finden Sie hier
Kurze Zusammenfassung in nicht-juristischer Sprache
Sie stellen uns Ihre persönlichen Daten (E-Mail, Telefonnummer usw.) zur Verfügung, wenn Sie ein Konto bei uns anlegen. Wir speichern diese Informationen sicher und verwenden diese Informationen nur, um Services für Sie bereitzustellen.
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste auf Ihrer Website/Mobil-App installieren, erfassen wir einige personenbezogene Daten, um unsere Services bereitzustellen zu können.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschreiben wir die von uns gespeicherten Daten, die Art und Weise der Erfassung und Ihre Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt nur für Sie und nicht für die Besucher Ihrer Website.
Sie (und/oder Ihre Nutzer) haben die Möglichkeit, das Tracking durch unsere Dienste zu unterbinden. Weitere Informationen finden Sie auf unserer Opt-out-Seite.
1. Verpflichtung zum Datenschutz
Wir sind davon überzeugt, dass der Schutz der Privatsphäre ein grundlegendes Menschenrecht ist, und behandeln Ihre persönlichen Daten streng vertraulich. Wir verpflichten uns, Ihnen Produkte, Informationen und Kontrollinstanzen in voller Transparenz zur Verfügung zu stellen, damit Sie selbst entscheiden können, wie Ihre Daten erfasst und verarbeitet werden. Dies ist auch angesichts der sich weiterentwickelnden Technologien und Datenschutzgesetze sehr wichtig.
Wir leben in einer Zeit, in der die digitale Technologie unser Leben tiefgreifend beeinflusst – von der Art und Weise der Kommunikation bis hin zum allgemeinen Weltverständnis. Um Ihren Erfolg auch unter hohen Datenschutzanforderungen zu sichern, brauchen Sie einen vertrauenswürdigen Partner, der Ihnen nicht nur bei der Bewältigung dieser Herausforderungen hilft, sondern auch das Beste aus Ihren Chancen macht. Unser Engagement für den Datenschutz hilft Ihnen bei der Erfüllung Ihrer spezifischen Compliance-Verpflichtungen. Wir haben ein robustes Framework aus Datenschutzprinzipien geschaffen, das sowohl unser Datenschutz-Verständnis spiegelt als auch bestimmt, wie wir unsere Produkte, Services, Prozesse und Mitarbeiterschulungen gestalten, damit die Daten unserer Kunden und Nutzer privat, sicher und geschützt bleiben. Erfahren Sie mehr über unsere Bemühungen zum Datenschutz.
Wir „
verkaufen
“ die persönlichen Daten unserer Kunden an niemanden. Das heißt, dass wir sie nicht vermieten, veröffentlichen, freigeben, übertragen, zur Verfügung stellen oder anderweitig an Dritte weitergeben, weder gegen Geld noch sonstige Gegenleistungen. Wir können zusammengefasste und/oder anonymisierte Informationen über die Nutzung unserer Dienste an Dritte weitergeben, die uns bei der Entwicklung und Verbesserung der Services für unsere Kunden unterstützen. All das ist in unseren Kundenvereinbarungen beschrieben.
Disclaimer
Wingify Software Pvt. Ltd. und seine Tochter- sowie Schwestergesellschaften,
einschließlich Wingify Inc. (nachfolgend „
Wingify
“, „
Wir
“ oder „
Uns
“, wobei
dieser Ausdruck, sofern nicht dem Kontext widersprechend, auch seine
Rechtsnachfolger, Tochtergesellschaften und Abtretungsempfänger umfasst), sind
verpflichtet, ihr Geschäft in Übereinstimmung mit geltenden Vorschriften zu
führen und die Privatsphäre der Personen zu schützen, die die VWO-Website
besuchen und/oder online mit VWO interagieren („Nutzer“/„Nutzer“), der Nutzer,
die sich für die Nutzung der nachfolgend definierten Dienste registrieren
(„Kunden“; „Sie“ oder „Ihr“), sowie der Nutzer, die VWO Informationen zur
Registrierung für Veranstaltungen bereitstellen („Teilnehmer“).
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie beschreibt die Datenschutzpraktiken von Wingify in
Bezug auf die Nutzung der VWO-Website („Website“) sowie der damit
verbundenen Produkte, Anwendungen und Dienstleistungen (einschließlich
Support), die von VWO angeboten werden (die „VWO-Dienste“).
Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten erhalten, gehen mit diesen Daten im Einklang mit Datenschutzgesetzen sowie unseren ethischen Standards und Geschäftszielen verantwortungsvoll um.
Durch die Nutzung der VWO-Leistungen und die Einwilligung zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung erklären Sie sich mit der Verwendung von Cookies durch uns gemäß den hier erläuterten Bedingungen einverstanden.
Wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung jederzeit und ohne vorherige Ankündigung ändern oder aktualisieren. Sie können anhand des o. g. Datums überprüfen, um festzustellen, wann die Datenschutzerklärung zuletzt geändert wurde. Mit der fortgesetzten Nutzung der Website und/oder der VWO-Leistungen erklären Sie sich mit dem Inhalt der vorliegenden Datenschutzerklärung einverstanden.
2. Übersicht
Wir sammeln viele Arten von Daten/Informationen, um effektiv arbeiten und Ihnen die bestmöglichen Produkte, Dienstleistungen und Erfahrungen bieten zu können. Wir erfassen diese Daten, wenn Sie sich registrieren, anmelden und/oder unsere Website und die VWO-Leistungen nutzen. Wir sammeln diese Informationen auf verschiedene Weise, einschließlich Web-Formularen, Technologien wie Cookies, Web-Logging und/oder anderen direkten und indirekten Methoden.
Wir respektieren das Recht jedes Einzelnen auf Schutz seiner persönlichen Daten und sammeln und verwenden die Informationen, die wir direkt von den Nutzern/Kunden erhalten, nur in der in dieser „Datenschutzerklärung“ dargelegten Weise. Diese „Datenschutzerklärung“ gilt ausschließlich für Informationen, die wir über die vorgenannten VWO-Leistungen direkt von Ihnen erhalten. Die vom Kunden gesammelten Daten/Informationen unterliegen dessen eigenen Datenschutzbestimmungen.
Die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung gilt nicht für die Endnutzerdaten, die der Kunde im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung der VWO-Leistungen erhebt, erhält oder auf die er zugreift. Mit dem Besuch der Website und der Nutzung der VWO-Leistungen erkennen Sie an, dass Sie die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegten Praktiken und Richtlinien akzeptieren.
Wir erhalten und verarbeiten Informationen (in mündlicher, schriftlicher und elektronischer Form) in Übereinstimmung mit den Anweisungen unserer Kunden zur Erbringung von Dienstleistungen für Endnutzer.
3. Welche Informationen werden von uns gesammelt oder aufbewahrt?
Wir sammeln zwei Arten von Informationen, um effektiv arbeiten zu können:
persönlich identifizierbare
und
nicht persönlich identifizierbare
. Wir können die vorgenannten Arten von Informationen verwenden, um
aggregierte Informationen
zu erstellen (zusammenfassend als „automatische Informationen“ bezeichnet). Die Informationen lassen sich wie folgt kategorisieren:
3.1. Bewusst bereitgestellte Informationen
3.1.1.
Wir sammeln Domain-Informationen von Ihrem Besuch, um Ihre Erfahrung auf unserer Website als Benutzer, Kunde oder Teilnehmer anzupassen und zu verbessern. Zu diesen von uns gesammelten Informationen zählen:
Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Telefonnummer und andere Kontaktinformationen (Browsertyp und -version, Land usw.). Es kann vorkommen, dass wir zusätzliche Informationen bei Ihnen anfragen. Einige unserer Methoden, anhand derer wir Informationen von Ihnen sammeln, sind:
Anmeldungen für Webinare, Webcasts, Podcasts, Seminare, Konferenzen usw., die von uns oder einem Partner veranstaltet werden.
Anmeldungen zu unserem Blog, Newslettern, Whitepaper, E-Books oder anderen inhaltlichen VWO-Services.
nformationen, die im Rahmen von Käufen, Demoanfragen, Supportanfragen, Kontaktanfragen, Verkaufs- oder Preisanfragen oder Anmeldungen für kostenlose Tests der VWO-Leistungen (entweder für Sie selbst oder im Namen Ihres Unternehmens) übermittelt werden.
3.1.2. Informationen, die Sie über andere Web-Formulare und Website-Seiten übermitteln
Auf der Website können Sie Anfragen stellen oder mit uns in Kontakt treten, indem Sie Webformulare ausfüllen, Seiten bestellen, sich für eine unserer Online- oder Offline-Veranstaltungen oder für einen unserer Services (E-Books, Whitepaper, Fallstudien, kostenlose Tools etc.) anmelden, unsere Blogs und Veranstaltungshinweise abonnieren oder sich für Dienstleistungen registrieren.
Wir verwenden diese Daten, um die Abonnements zu verwalten und die Benutzer über VWO-Leistungen und Informationen zu informieren, die für sie von Interesse sein könnten, es sei denn, die Benutzer haben uns mitgeteilt, dass sie keine Werbebotschaften von uns erhalten möchten.
Wir erheben und verwenden diese Daten aus berechtigtem Interesse (oder, falls dies nicht der Fall ist, nach Einholung Ihrer vorherigen Einwilligung). Wir speichern diese Daten so lange, wie es für die in diesem Abschnitt genannten Zwecke erforderlich ist, oder wie es die geltenden gesetzlichen Bestimmungen zulassen.
3.1.3. Ihre Anfragen per E-Mail
Wir freuen uns über Ihre Fragen zu VWO-Leistungen und begrüßen Ihre E-Mail-Nachrichten an die auf der Website angegebenen Postfächer. Wir werden Ihre Nachrichten an diejenigen Mitarbeiter in unserem Unternehmen weiterleiten, die Ihr Anliegen am besten bearbeiten können. Wir bewahren eine Kopie Ihrer Nachricht auf, bis wir auf Ihr Anliegen eingehen konnten. Wir können Ihre Nachricht für einen bestimmten Zeitraum archivieren oder sie verwerfen, wie es angemessen ist oder wie es die geltenden Gesetze zur Datenaufbewahrung verlangen.
Wir bitten die Nutzer der Website darum, keinesfalls
sensible personenbezogene Daten
– personenbezogene Daten, aus denen Ethnie / Herkunft, politische Meinungen, religiöse oder philosophische Überzeugungen, Gewerkschaftszugehörigkeit, genetische oder biometrische Daten, Informationen über die Gesundheit oder das Sexualleben etc. hervorgehen – über unsere Website oder andere VWO-Kanäle an uns zu übermitteln. Darüber hinaus versichern wir, solche Daten unter keinen Umständen anzufragen.
Wir können auch personenbezogene Daten von Nutzern der Website erfassen, einschließlich automatisierter Daten, die in Server-Protokolldateien oder Tools von Drittanbietern (wie unten in Abschnitt 3.2 beschrieben) gespeichert sind, die von Usern bewusst über Webformulare, Anmeldeseiten und vergleichbare Wege bereitgestellt werden oder die über Cookies, Web-Beacons und andere ähnliche Technologien zu uns gelangen.
3.1.4. Double-Opt-in-Verfahren für EU-Nutzer
Die Anmeldung zum Erhalt unserer Inhalte, Newsletter, Einladungen und sonstiger Informationen erfolgt im sogenannten Double-Opt-In-Verfahren. Nach der Anmeldung erhalten Sie eine E-Mail, in der Sie aufgefordert werden, Ihre Anmeldung zu bestätigen. Die Anmeldedaten werden protokolliert, um die Anmeldung verifizieren zu können. Dazu gehören Ihr Name, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, der Zeitpunkt der Anmeldung und der Bestätigung sowie Ihre IP-Adresse.
3.2. Automatisch erfasste Informationen
Wenn Sie die Website nutzen, erfassen wir automatisch Ihre IP-Adresse, Trafficquelle, Keywords, Seitenaufrufe, Visits, Standort (zusammengefasst), Browser und Betriebssystem (zusammengefasst), Gerät (zusammengefasst) sowie andere Verbindungsinformationen wie Zeit und übertragene Informationen (zusammenfassend als „automatisierte Informationen“ bezeichnet). Zu automatisch erfassten Informationen zählen:
die Seiten auf unserer Website, die sie aufgerufen haben, und die darauf erfolgten Aktionen (Klicks, Verweildauer, Formulareingaben, Anmeldungen, Käufe und andere Browsing-Ereignisse)
die IP-Adresse (Internet Protocol), die Sie für den Zugang zum Internet verwenden
Ihr Gerät und Betriebssystem
die vorhergehende Seite/Quelle, von der aus Sie auf unsere Website gelangt sind
Datum und die Uhrzeit Ihres Zugriffs
Unser Sicherheitsteam (für Sicherheits- und Strafverfolgungszwecke), Aufsichtsbehörden und qualifiziertes Personal (aus den Abteilungen Produkt, Marketing & Analyse) haben Zugang zu automatisierten Informationen bzw. zu den Tools, die für die Sammlung und Analyse automatisierter Informationen verwendet werden (Google Analytics und andere, siehe unten in den Abschnitten „Google Analytics“ und „Marketingautomatisierung und Kundenbeziehungsmanagement (CRM)“.
Wir speichern die Daten für Sicherheits- und Strafverfolgungszwecke auf Basis berechtigter Interessen sowie für Produkt-, Marketing- und Analysezwecke auf Basis berechtigter Interessen oder, falls notwendig, durch Einholung Ihrer vorherigen Einwilligung. Die Speicherung erfolgt für den für die Verfolgung der in diesem Abschnitt genannten Zwecke erforderlichen Zeitraum oder soweit dies nach den geltenden Gesetzen zulässig ist.
4. Wie verwenden wir Ihre Informationen?
We use the information collected to provide You with VWO Services requested and to contact You about Your interest in the VWO Services; to verify Your information; and to plan and host corporate webinars, and discussions on online forums, and social networks.
We may also aggregate Your information with data that is separately provided by You on social media and third-party websites, if visible to third parties. We may also use data from Users, Customers, and Attendees for marketing purposes. For example, we may use the information You provide to contact You to further discuss Your interest in the VWO Services and to send You information regarding Wingify, its affiliates, and its partners, such as information about promotions or events.
When We collect information such as Your name or other details about You, it is Our practice to provide You with information on how the information will be used if that is not immediately apparent. When We ask You to provide Your information through a registration page or otherwise, You will have the option to not consent to the use of Your personal information to contact You, in which case You may still be able to access other portions of this website, although You may not be able to access certain sections or services.
Refer to heading 7.
“
How to exercise Your data protection rights
”
for information on Your rights, including the right to
“
opt-out
”
of certain uses of Your information.
5. Rechtsgrundlage für die Datenverarbeitung
Wenn Sie ein Besucher aus dem Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum („EWR“) sind, hängt unsere Rechtsgrundlage für die Erhebung und Verwendung der oben beschriebenen personenbezogenen Daten von den betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten und dem spezifischen Kontext ab, in dem wir sie erheben.
In der Regel werden wir jedoch nur dann personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen erheben, wenn wir sie benötigen, um einen Vertrag mit Ihnen zu erfüllen (z. B. um VWO-Leistungen zu erbringen), wenn die Verarbeitung in unserem berechtigten Interesse liegt und Ihre Datenschutzinteressen oder Grundrechte und -freiheiten nicht überwiegen, oder wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung haben. In einigen Fällen können wir auch gesetzlich verpflichtet sein, personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen zu erheben.
Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten unter Berufung auf unsere berechtigten Interessen (oder die eines Dritten) erheben und verwenden, werden wir Ihnen zu gegebener Zeit deutlich machen, warum wir dies tun. Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten im Vertrauen auf Ihre Einwilligung verarbeiten, können Sie Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen.
Wir sind verpflichtet, Sie über die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu informieren. Sie sind in der nachstehenden Tabelle beschrieben. Wenn Sie Fragen haben oder weitere Informationen über die Rechtsgrundlage benötigen, auf der wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben und verwenden, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
privacy@vwo.com.
Rechtsgrundlage und Zweck der Speicherung Ihrer persönlichen Daten
Zweck der Datenverarbeitung
Rechtsgrundlage für die Datenverarbeitung
Um Services bereitzustellen
Wenn Sie ein VWO-Konto haben, verwenden wir Ihre persönlichen Daten:
um den Dienst zu betreiben, zu warten, zu verwalten und zu verbessern
zur Verwaltung Ihres Dienstkontos und zur Kommunikation darüber einschließlich der Zusendung von Serviceankündigungen, technischen Mitteilungen, Aktualisierungen, Sicherheitswarnungen sowie Support- und Verwaltungsnachrichten
um Ihre Bedürfnisse und Interessen besser zu verstehen und Ihre Erfahrung mit unseren Diensten zu personalisieren
um Zahlungen zu verarbeiten, die Sie für die Buchung von Services leisten. Die Daten werden direkt von unserem Zahlungs-Gateway erfasst und verarbeitet. Unser Zahlungsabwickler hält den PCI-DSS ein und entspricht branchenüblichen Sicherheitsstandards.
um auf Ihre dienstbezogenen Fragen und Rückmeldungen zu reagieren.
Sie sind einen Vertrag mit uns eingegangen und wir müssen Ihre persönlichen Daten verwenden, um die von Ihnen angeforderten Services vorzubereiten und zu erbringen.
Um Informationen zu anonymisieren
Wir können aus den persönlichen Daten unserer Nutzer aggregierte und andere anonyme Informationen erstellen. Wir verwandeln personenbezogene Daten in anonyme Daten, indem wir Informationen entfernen, die Sie als Person identifizierbar machen. Wir können diese anonymen Informationen verwenden und sie mit Dritten für unsere rechtmäßigen Geschäftszwecke teilen.
Diese Datenverarbeitungstätigkeiten entsprechen unseren
berechtigten Interessen
. Wir stellen sicher, dass wir alle potenziellen Auswirkungen auf Sie (sowohl positive als auch negative) und Ihre Rechte berücksichtigen und abwägen, bevor wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für unsere
berechtigten Interessen
verarbeiten. Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht für Aktivitäten, bei denen die Auswirkungen auf Sie Vorrang vor unseren Interessen haben (es sei denn, wir haben Ihre Einwilligung oder sind anderweitig gesetzlich verpflichtet oder berechtigt).
Um gesetzliche Bestimmungen einzuhalten
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, wenn wir dies für angemessen halten, um (a) geltenden Gesetzen, rechtmäßigen Anfragen und rechtlichen Verfahren nachzukommen, wie z. B. um auf Vorladungen oder Anfragen von Regierungsbehörden zu reagieren; (b) wenn dies in Verbindung mit einer rechtlichen Untersuchung gesetzlich zulässig ist; und (c) um rechtliche Ansprüche zu verfolgen oder zu verteidigen.
Die Datenverarbeitung ist erforderlich, um unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen.
Mit Ihrer Einwilligung
In einigen Fällen bitten wir Sie um Ihre Einwilligung, Ihre persönlichen Daten zu sammeln, zu verwenden oder weiterzugeben, z. B. wenn Sie uns erlauben, Ihre Empfehlungen im Dienst zu veröffentlichen.
Die Datenverarbeitung basiert auf Ihrer Einwilligung. Sie haben das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen, indem Sie eine Anfrage an
support@vwo.com
mit dem Wort „Opt-out“ oder „UNSUBSCRIBE“ in der Betreffzeile der E-Mail senden.
Hinweis: Auch nachdem Sie den Erhalt unserer Werbenachrichten abbestellt haben, werden wir Ihnen, sofern Sie ein VWO-Konto haben, weiterhin nicht werbliche Mitteilungen zusenden, wie z. B. E-Mails zu Services.
Um Ihnen Werbung zu senden
Wenn Sie Informationen von uns anfordern, die Dienste nutzen oder an unseren Umfragen, Werbeaktionen oder Veranstaltungen teilnehmen, können wir Ihnen im Rahmen der gesetzlichen Bestimmungen Werbung zusenden. Sie haben die Möglichkeit, diese abzulehnen.
Diese Datenverarbeitungstätigkeiten entsprechen unseren
berechtigten Interessen
. Wir stellen sicher, dass wir alle potenziellen Auswirkungen auf Sie (sowohl positive als auch negative) und Ihre Rechte berücksichtigen und abwägen, bevor wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für unsere
berechtigten Interessen
verarbeiten. Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht für Aktivitäten, bei denen die Auswirkungen auf Sie Vorrang vor unseren Interessen haben (es sei denn, wir haben Ihre Einwilligung oder sind anderweitig gesetzlich verpflichtet oder berechtigt).
Um Ihnen per E-Mail aktuelle Informationen über VWO-Leistungen und Blogs oder andere Inhalte zukommen zu lassen, von denen wir glauben, dass sie Sie interessieren könnten.
Diese Datenverarbeitungstätigkeiten dienen unseren berechtigten Interessen (z. B. Wachstum unseres Unternehmens, Weiterentwicklung unserer Dienstleistungen, Werbung für VWO).
Um besser zu verstehen, wie Sie und andere die VWO-Leistungen nutzen, z. B. für Optimierungs-, Forschungs- und Analysezwecke.
Diese Datenverarbeitungstätigkeiten dienen unseren berechtigten Interessen (z. B. Optimierung unserer Dienstleistungen, Weiterentwicklung unseres Unternehmens, Werbung für VWO).
Wenn wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten auf unsere berechtigten Interessen berufen, werden wir diese Interessen gegen Ihre Datenschutzrechte abwägen und Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht verwenden, wenn die Auswirkungen auf Sie Ihre Rechte verletzen würden, es sei denn, wir sind zur Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten befugt, z. B. wenn durch Ihre Einwilligung.
6. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
Wir geben Ihre persönlichen Daten nicht an Dritte weiter, es sei denn, um Ihre Anfrage zu bearbeiten, für unsere legitimen Geschäftsinteressen oder im Rahmen geltenden Rechts. Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte oder Dienstleister weitergeben, treffen wir angemessene Vorkehrungen, um eine korrekte und sichere Datenverarbeitung in Übereinstimmung mit dem geltenden Datenschutzrecht zu gewährleisten.
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten von Website-Besuchern und Teilnehmern in den Vereinigten Staaten und in anderen Ländern und Gebieten, um unseren globalen Betrieb zu erleichtern. Unser Content Delivery Network (CDN) läuft auf IBM Softlayer und Google Cloud Platform, und die Server sind über 10 Standorte verteilt – Japan, Australien, Singapur, Niederlande, London, Paris, Frankreich, Deutschland und 3 Städte in den USA – um dynamische Testanfragen zu bedienen. Alle Kundendaten werden jedoch zentral in Washington DC und Dallas in den Vereinigten Staaten gespeichert. Wir können unsere geografischen Datenzentren und Serverstandorte aufgrund von Kundenanforderungen oder zur Erfüllung von Sicherheits-, Compliance- und rechtlichen Anforderungen aktualisieren. Ihre persönlichen Daten können in andere Länder als jenem, in dem Sie Ihren Wohnsitz haben, übertragen und dort verarbeitet werden. Daher können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten außerhalb des EWR und in Ländern verarbeitet werden, für die kein Angemessenheitsbeschluss der Europäischen Kommission vorliegt und die möglicherweise nicht das gleiche Datenschutzniveau wie der EWR bieten.
In diesem Fall stellen wir sicher, dass der Empfänger Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten ein angemessenes Schutzniveau bietet, z. B. durch den Abschluss von Standardvertragsklauseln für die Übermittlung von Daten, wie sie von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigt wurden (Art. 46 DSGVO), oder wir bitten Sie um Ihre vorherige Einwilligung zu solchen internationalen Datenübermittlungen. Wir haben Sicherheitsvorkehrungen getroffen, um ein angemessenes Datenschutzniveau zu gewährleisten, wenn Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in Länder außerhalb des EWR übermittelt werden, z. B:
das Empfängerland über eine Angemessenheitsentscheidung der Europäischen Kommission verfügt.
die Standardvertragsklauseln der Europäischen Kommission für die Übermittlung personenbezogener Daten.
Refer below table as our
adequacy safeguards
details.
Schutzmaßnahmen
Datenverarbeiter / Dienstleister
Datenverantworlicher / Unternehmen
Weitere Informationen
Datenschutzzusatz (Kunde/Wingify)
Ja
–
Siehe Zusatz zum Datenschutz
Wingify fällt unter
Datenverantwortlicher/Unternehmen
, wenn Sie Ihre Daten als Nutzer oder Teilnehmer zur Verfügung stellen oder sich für einen Service registrieren.
Wingify fällt unter
Datenverarbeiter/Dienstleister
, wenn Ihr Unternehmen VWO Zugang zu personenbezogenen Daten gewährt, die von Ihrem Unternehmen stammen, z. B. eine Datei für den Produktsupport oder andere Dienstleistungen oder Daten in einer SaaS-Umgebung.
7. Wie Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben können
Wir haben alle notwendigen und angemessenen Schritte unternommen, um Ihre persönlichen Daten zu schützen und Ihre Rechte zu gewährleisten.
Die geltenden Datenschutzgesetze geben Ihnen bestimmte Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre persönlichen Daten. Sie können von uns verlangen, dass wir die folgenden Maßnahmen in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten ergreifen. Im Folgenden finden Sie eine Zusammenfassung Ihrer Rechte und Einschränkungen.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass Ihre Fähigkeit, diese Rechte auszuüben, eingeschränkt sein kann, beispielsweise wenn Ihr Recht auf Informationen durch wesentliche Erwägungen übergeordneter Interessen überlagert wird.
Rechte der betroffenen Person
Beschreibung
VWO-Verfahren zur Behandlung von Nutzeranfragen (DSR)
Recht auf Zugang
Nutzer haben das Recht, Auskunft über die von uns gespeicherten und verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen.
Wir werden Sie über die Verarbeitung Ihrer persönlichen Daten informieren und Ihnen Zugang zu Ihren persönlichen Daten gewähren. Sie können diese Anfragen per E-Mail an
support@vwo.com
.
Wir können Sie um bestimmte Informationen bitten, damit wir Ihre Identität bestätigen und Ihre Anfrage bearbeiten können.
Recht auf Berichtigung
Nutzer haben das Recht auf Berichtigung sie betreffender unrichtiger personenbezogener Daten, einschließlich der Vervollständigung unvollständiger personenbezogener Daten
Wir werden Sie über die Verarbeitung Ihrer persönlichen Daten informieren und Ihnen Zugang zu Ihren persönlichen Daten gewähren. Sie können diese Anfragen per E-Mail an support@vwo.com stellen.
Wir werden Sie über die Verarbeitung Ihrer persönlichen Daten informieren und Ihnen Zugang zu Ihren persönlichen Daten gewähren. Sie können diese Anfragen per E-Mail an
support@vwo.com
.
stellen.
Wir können Sie um bestimmte Informationen bitten, damit wir Ihre Identität bestätigen und Ihre Anfrage bearbeiten können.
Recht auf Löschung (Recht auf Vergessenwerden)
Nutzer haben das Recht auf die Löschung ihrer persönlichen Daten.
Wir werden Sie über die Verarbeitung Ihrer persönlichen Daten informieren und Ihnen Zugang zu Ihren persönlichen Daten gewähren. Sie können diese Anfragen per E-Mail an
support@vwo.com
.
stellen.
Wir können Sie um bestimmte Informationen bitten, damit wir Ihre Identität bestätigen und Ihre Anfrage bearbeiten können.
Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung
Nutzer haben das Recht, unsere Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten einzuschränken.
Wir werden Sie über die Verarbeitung Ihrer persönlichen Daten informieren und Ihnen Zugang zu Ihren persönlichen Daten gewähren. Sie können diese Anfragen per E-Mail an
support@vwo.com
.
stellen.
Wir können Sie um bestimmte Informationen bitten, damit wir Ihre Identität bestätigen und Ihre Anfrage bearbeiten können.
Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit
Nutzer haben das Recht, die personenbezogenen Daten in einem strukturierten, allgemein gebräuchlichen und lesbaren Format zu erhalten. Die Nutzer haben das Recht, diese personenbezogenen Daten ohne Behinderung durch uns an einen Dritten zu übermitteln, sofern dies technisch möglich ist.
Wir werden Sie über die Verarbeitung Ihrer persönlichen Daten informieren und Ihnen Zugang zu Ihren persönlichen Daten gewähren. Sie können diese Anfragen per E-Mail an
support@vwo.com
.
stellen.
Wir können Sie um bestimmte Informationen bitten, damit wir Ihre Identität bestätigen und Ihre Anfrage bearbeiten können.
Recht auf Widerspruch
Nutzer haben das Recht, der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten durch uns jederzeit zu widersprechen. Wenn die Nutzer beispielsweise Informationen von uns angefordert haben, z. B. Newsletter, aber keine weiteren Informationen erhalten möchten, können die betroffenen Personen den Erhalt weiterer Informationen von uns problemlos ablehnen.
Wir werden Sie über die Verarbeitung Ihrer persönlichen Daten informieren und Ihnen Zugang zu Ihren persönlichen Daten gewähren. Sie können diese Anfragen per E-Mail an
support@vwo.com
.
stellen.
Wir können Sie um bestimmte Informationen bitten, damit wir Ihre Identität bestätigen und Ihre Anfrage bearbeiten können.
Automatisierte individuelle Entscheidungsfindung, einschließlich Profiling
In der Regel haben Nutzer das Recht, nicht einer ausschließlich auf einer automatisierten Verarbeitung beruhenden Entscheidung unterworfen zu werden, die rechtliche Auswirkungen hat oder sie erheblich beeinträchtigt. Dies gilt nicht, wenn u. a. die automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung und das Profiling für den Abschluss oder die Erfüllung eines Vertrags zwischen Ihnen und uns erforderlich sind.
Wir werden Sie über die Verarbeitung Ihrer persönlichen Daten informieren und Ihnen Zugang zu Ihren persönlichen Daten gewähren. Sie können diese Anfragen per E-Mail an
support@vwo.com
.
stellen.
Wir können Sie um bestimmte Informationen bitten, damit wir Ihre Identität bestätigen und Ihre Anfrage bearbeiten können.
Recht auf Widerruf der Einwilligung
In der Regel beruht die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf Ihrer Einwilligung, die Sie jederzeit widerrufen können, indem Sie sich von einer E-Mail abmelden oder uns eine E-Mail senden.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass dies keinen Einfluss auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten vor dem Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung hat.
Wenn die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf Ihrer Einwilligung beruht, können Sie Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen, indem Sie sich von einer E-Mail abmelden oder uns eine E-Mail an
support@vwo.com
.
schicken.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass dies keinen Einfluss auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten vor dem Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung hat.
Ausübung Ihrer Rechte
Wenn Sie eines Ihrer oben beschriebenen Rechte ausüben möchten oder Fragen haben, erreichen Sie unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten per E-Mail an
privacy@vwo.com
.
Einreichung einer Beschwerde
Wenn Sie sich über die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns beschweren möchten, können Sie eine Beschwerde bei einer Datenschutzaufsichtsbehörde einreichen.
Welche weiteren Rechte haben Sie im Zusammenhang mit den erfassten personenbezogenen Daten?
Welche Wahlmöglichkeiten haben Sie?
Sie können sich jederzeit dafür entscheiden, keine Informationen an uns weiterzugeben, aber bedenken Sie, dass einige Informationen erforderlich sein können, um sich bei uns zu registrieren oder einige unserer Funktionen zu nutzen.
Cookies
Sie können die Einstellungen Ihres Webbrowsers so einstellen oder ändern, dass Cookies akzeptiert oder abgelehnt werden. Wenn Sie Cookies ablehnen, können Sie die Website und die VWO-Leistungen weiterhin nutzen; Ihr Zugang zu einigen Funktionen und Bereichen der Website oder der VWO-Leistungen kann jedoch stark eingeschränkt sein. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserem
Cookie-Hinweis.
Abmeldung von Marketingmitteilungen
Wir bieten denjenigen, die uns persönliche Kontaktinformationen zur Verfügung stellen (Nutzer, Kunden und Teilnehmer), die Möglichkeit zu wählen, wie wir die bereitgestellten Informationen verwenden. Sie können den Erhalt von Marketing- oder Werbemitteilungen und nicht-transaktionsbezogenen Mitteilungen unterbinden, indem Sie auf den Link „Abmelden“ klicken, der sich am Ende unserer Marketing-E-Mails befindet, oder Sie können eine Anfrage an
support@vwo.com
mit dem Wort „UNSUBSCRIBE“ im Betreff der E-Mail senden. Auch nachdem Sie den Erhalt von Werbenachrichten von uns abbestellt haben, werden wir Ihnen, wenn Sie ein Konto für die VWO-Leistungen haben, weiterhin nicht werbliche Mitteilungen, wie z.B. E-Mails über Dienstleistungen, zusenden.
Was ist, wenn ich Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung habe?
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Bedenken zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, senden Sie uns bitte eine ausführliche Nachricht an
privacy@vwo.com
, und wir werden versuchen, Ihre Bedenken auszuräumen.
8. Welche Sicherheits- und Vertraulichkeitsstufen gelten für Ihre Informationen?
Zum Schutz Ihrer Daten folgen wir bei unseren Services dem Ansatz Secure by design.
Wir stützen uns auf solide Datensicherheits- und Datenschutzpraktiken, die integraler Bestandteil unserer Produktentwicklung und unserer Serviceprinzipien sind. Sicherheit steht bei unserer Produktentwicklung und Datenverarbeitung im Vordergrund, um eine hohe Ausfallsicherheit zu gewährleisten. Potenzielle Bedrohungsquellen ständig im Blick zu behalten und unsere Sicherheitsvorkehrungen permanent der sich verändernden Geschäfts- und Technologielandschaft anzupassen ist ein zentrales Anliegen der Unternehmensleitung.
Wir haben angemessene organisatorische, technische, verwaltungstechnische und physische Sicherheitsvorkehrungen getroffen, um die Sicherheit, Vertraulichkeit, Integrität und den Schutz persönlicher Informationen und Kundendaten innerhalb unserer Organisation zu gewährleisten.
Wir investieren viel Zeit und Geld in die Sicherheit, um Branchenstandards, geltende Vorschriften und die Erwartungen unserer Kunden zu erfüllen oder zu übertreffen. Nähere Informationen zu den Sicherheitsmaßnahmen finden Sie in Anhang 2 des
Auftragsverarbeitungsvertrags
und in unseren
Hinweisen zur Datensicherheit.
Unser Sicherheitskonzept umfasst unter anderem Maßnahmen zum Schutz und zur Sicherung Ihrer Daten, und wir verwenden Technologien zur Verbesserung der Privatsphäre wie Verschlüsselung, Pseudonymisierung, Anonymisierung und das Prinzip der geringsten Zugriffsrechte. Wenn Sie Fragen zur Sicherheit Ihrer Daten haben, können Sie uns unter
support@vwo.com
kontaktieren.
Wir beauftragen regelmäßig externe Prüfer mit der Untersuchung unserer Sicherheitsrichtlinien, Verfahren, Technologien und Kontrollen, um zu bestätigen, dass unser Programm für Informations- und Cybersicherheit effektiv konzipiert ist und funktioniert. Wingify lässt umfassende Sicherheits- und Datenschutzbewertungen und -zertifizierungen durchführen, um die Sicherheit bei der Datenverarbeitung zu gewährleisten. Einzelheiten dazu finden Sie unter
https://vwo.com/compliance/
9. Aufbewahrung von Informationen
Wie lange wir die von uns erfassten personenbezogenen Daten aufbewahren, hängt von der Art der Daten, ihrem Verwendungszweck und ähnlichen Faktoren ab. Im Allgemeinen bewahren wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten so lange auf, wie es für die Erfüllung des in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Zwecks (z. B. Bereitstellung von Produkten und Dienstleistungen) erforderlich ist, es sei denn, eine längere Aufbewahrungsfrist ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben oder zulässig.
Wir werden Ihre Daten auch so lange aufbewahren und verwenden, wie es zur Beilegung von Streitigkeiten und/oder zur Durchsetzung unserer Rechte und Vereinbarungen erforderlich ist. Nicht persönlich identifizierbare und zusammengefasste Informationen können länger gespeichert werden.
10. Wie gehen wir mit Cookies um?
Cookies sind kleine Dateien, die auf Ihrem Computer gespeichert werden und die es dem Browser ermöglichen, sich an benutzerspezifische Informationen zu erinnern. Wir platzieren Cookies im Browser des Nutzers/Kunden, um ihn zu identifizieren. Wenn Sie keine Informationen über Cookies an uns weitergeben möchten, können Sie die VWO-Leistungen nicht nutzen. Wir können auch Informationen lokal auf Ihrem Gerät sammeln und speichern, indem wir Mechanismen wie den Web-Speicher des Browsers nutzen.
Cookies-Zustimmungsmanager: Wir stellen alle Informationen über Cookies von Drittanbietern über unseren Cookie-Zustimmungsmanager auf der Website zur Verfügung.
Die detaillierten Cookies-Kategorien und -Praktiken beschreiben wir in unserem
Cookie-Hinweis
.
Zum Schutz Ihrer persönlichen Daten und Interessen haben wir bei Bedarf Datenverarbeitungsverträge mit dritten Empfängern abgeschlossen. In diesen Datenverarbeitungsverträgen verpflichten sich die Dienstleister, die Daten unserer Nutzer zu schützen, sie in unserem Auftrag gemäß den geltenden Datenschutzbestimmungen zu verarbeiten und insbesondere nicht an Dritte weiterzugeben. Damit stellen wir sicher, dass Ihre Informationen auf dem in der EU/dem Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum und anderen rechtssicheren Gebieten geltenden Datenschutzniveau verarbeitet werden.
11. Wie erfassen und teilen wir Ihre persönlichen Daten?
Wir geben die persönlichen Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen, ohne Ihre ausdrückliche Zustimmung nicht an andere Organisationen weiter und „verkaufen“ sie auch nicht, es sei denn, dies ist in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben. Wir können personenbezogene Daten unter den folgenden Umständen an Dritte weitergeben:
Wie wir Informationen aus anderen Quellen erfassen
Social-Media-Buttons
Die Websites enthalten Funktionen für Social Media wie die Buttons „Facebook Like“ und „Teilen“ oder interaktive Miniprogramme, die auf unseren Websites laufen. Diese Funktionen können Ihre IP-Adresse und die von Ihnen besuchte Seite erfassen und ein Cookie setzen, damit die Funktion ordnungsgemäß funktioniert. Social-Media-Funktionen und -Widgets werden entweder von einem Dritten oder direkt auf den Websites gehostet. Ihre Interaktion mit diesen Funktionen unterliegt den Datenschutzrichtlinien der Unternehmen, die sie anbieten.
Empfehlungen
Wenn Sie unserer Empfehlungsprogramm nutzen möchten, um einen Freund über unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu informieren, werden wir Sie nach dem Namen und der E-Mail-Adresse Ihres Freundes fragen. Sie sollten den Namen und die E-Mail-Adresse Ihres Freundes nur dann angeben, wenn Sie sicher sind, dass dieser keine Einwände gegen eine Kontaktaufnahme durch uns erheben wird. Wenn Sie dies tun, senden wir Ihrem Freund automatisch eine E-Mail mit einer Einladung zum Besuch der Websites und speichern diese Informationen zum Zweck des Versands dieser ersten E-Mail, der Verfolgung des Erfolgs unseres Empfehlungsprogramms und anderer Marketingaktivitäten. Der Empfänger Ihrer Empfehlung kann uns unter
support@vwo.com
kontaktieren und verlangen, dass wir seine Informationen aus unserer Datenbank entfernen.
Wie wir Ihre persönlichen Informationen weitergeben
Geschäftspartner
Wir können Ihre persönlichen Daten an unsere Tochtergesellschaften und Geschäftspartner weitergeben, um deren Dienste anzubieten, und können auch gemeinsam mit Partnern Veranstaltungen und Webinare durchführen.
Dienstleister
Wir können Drittunternehmen und Einzelpersonen damit beauftragen, Services in unserem Namen zu verwalten und bereitzustellen (z. B. Hosting von Veranstaltungen und Webinaren, E-Mail-Versand und Datenbankmanagementdienste). Diese Dritten dürfen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur zur Durchführung dieser Aufgaben in Übereinstimmung mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung verwenden und sind verpflichtet, sie nicht für andere Zwecke offenzulegen oder zu verwenden.
Zahlungsdienstleister
Wir können Ihre Zahlungsinformationen weitergeben, um Ihre Zahlungen zu bearbeiten.
Berater
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Berater wie Rechtsanwälte, Bankiers, Wirtschaftsprüfer und Versicherer weitergeben, wenn dies im Rahmen der von diesen für uns erbrachten professionellen Dienstleistungen erforderlich ist.
Strafverfolgungsbehörden;
Berater zu den Themen Schutz und Sicherheit
Wir können Ihre persönlichen Daten gegenüber Regierungs- oder Strafverfolgungsbehörden oder privaten Parteien offenlegen, wenn wir dies für angemessen halten (a) für die oben beschriebenen Zwecke der Sicherheit, der Einhaltung von Vorschriften, der Betrugsprävention und der Gefahrenabwehr; (b) wenn dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, um auf Vorladungen oder Anfragen von Regierungsbehörden zu reagieren; (c) wenn dies in Verbindung mit rechtlichen Untersuchungen gesetzlich zulässig ist; und (d) um rechtliche Ansprüche zu verfolgen oder zu verteidigen.
Gerichte/Regierungsstellen/Regulierungsbehörden
Wir können Informationen offenlegen, wenn dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, um (z. B.) auf eine Vorladung oder Anfrage von Strafverfolgungsbehörden, einem Gericht oder einer Regierungsbehörde zu reagieren, oder wenn wir in gutem Glauben davon ausgehen, dass eine solche Maßnahme notwendig ist, (a) um einer gesetzlichen Verpflichtung nachzukommen, (b) um unsere Rechte, Interessen oder unser Eigentum oder das von Dritten zu schützen oder zu verteidigen, (c) um mögliches Fehlverhalten im Zusammenhang mit den Diensten zu verhindern oder zu untersuchen, (d) um in dringenden Fällen zu handeln, um die persönliche Sicherheit von Kunden, ihren Nutzern oder der Öffentlichkeit zu schützen, oder (e) um uns gegen rechtliche Haftung zu schützen.
Website-Nutzer
Von Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichen wir auf den Websites Erfahrungsberichte, die persönliche Informationen enthalten können. Bevor wir Ihren Namen zusammen mit Ihrem Erfahrungsbericht veröffentlichen, holen wir Ihr Einverständnis ein. Wenn Sie Ihren Erfahrungsbericht aktualisieren oder löschen möchten, können Sie uns unter
support@vwo.com
.
Drittparteien
Wir können personenbezogene Daten auch an Dritte weitergeben, wenn wir Ihre Einwilligung dazu haben.
Darüber hinaus kann es erforderlich sein, dass wir personenbezogene Daten, die wir verarbeiten, auf rechtmäßige Anfragen von Behörden hin offenlegen müssen, auch um den Anforderungen der nationalen Sicherheit oder der Strafverfolgung gerecht zu werden.
12. Hinweis für die Nutzer der Websites unserer Kunden
i. Nutzer der Websites unserer Kunden und VWO Services
: Wenn unsere Kunden VWO Services als Teil ihrer eigenen Websites, Anwendungen und Dienstleistungen nutzen, können sie unter Verwendung unserer Leistungen Daten von Ihnen erfassen, bleiben aber für ihre eigenen Datenschutz- und Sicherheitspraktiken verantwortlich. Wir sind nicht für die Datenschutz- und Sicherheitspraktiken unserer Kunden verantwortlich, die von unseren abweichen können. Wenn Sie eine Website oder einen Dienst eines unserer Kunden genutzt haben und auf die über diesen Dienst erfassten personenbezogenen Daten zugreifen, sie korrigieren oder löschen möchten, richten Sie Ihre Anfrage an den betreffenden Kunden.
Siehe “
Abmeldung vom VWO Services Tracking
” und “
Abmeldung vom VWO Engage Tracking
” page. Or
“
Abmeldung von VWO
”
ii.
Nutzer von VWO-Services
: VWO-Services sind in erster Linie für die Nutzung durch Organisationen bestimmt. Wenn Ihnen die VWO-Services über eine Organisation (z. B. Ihren Arbeitgeber) zur Verfügung gestellt werden, ist diese Organisation für die Verwaltung der Konten verantwortlich. In diesem Fall wenden Sie sich bitte mit Ihren Fragen und Wünschen zum Datenschutz und zur Sicherheit an Ihren Administrator. Wir sind nicht verantwortlich für die Datenschutz- und Sicherheitspraktiken der Organisation Ihres Administrators, die sich von dieser Datenschutzerklärung unterscheiden können.
13. Informationen für Kinder
Wir erfassen wissentlich keine personenbezogenen Daten von Kindern unter 13 Jahren. Wenn Sie unter 13 Jahre alt sind, übermitteln Sie bitte keine personenbezogenen Daten über unsere Websites oder Services. Wir ermutigen Eltern und Erziehungsberechtigte, die Internetnutzung ihrer Kinder zu überwachen und zur Durchsetzung des Datenschutzes beizutragen, indem sie ihre Kinder anweisen, ohne ihre Erlaubnis keine personenbezogenen Daten über die Website oder VWO-Services zu übermitteln. Wenn Sie Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass uns ein Kind unter 13 Jahren personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung gestellt hat, setzen Sie sich bitte mit uns unter
privacy@vwo.com
in Verbindung, damit wir diese Daten löschen können.
14. Datenschutzbeauftragter und Beschwerdebeauftragter
Wir haben einen Datenschutzbeauftragten und einen Beschwerdebeauftragten ernannt, an die Sie sich wenden können, wenn Sie Fragen, Bedenken oder Beschwerden bezüglich der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten und unserer Datenschutzrichtlinien oder -praktiken haben.
Name des Datenschutzbeauftragten und Beschwerdebeauftragten – Keshav Kumar
E-Mail-ID –
Privacy@vwo.com
15. Repräsentant in der EU
Wir haben einen lokalen Repräsentanten in der Europäischen Union benannt, in Übereinstimmung mit Artikel 27 der DSGVO. Wenn Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben möchten, besuchen Sie bitte das
Datenschutz-Dashboard
.
Kontaktdaten unseres DSGVO-Beauftragten:
DSGVO-Vertreter Dr. Andreas Mätzler
Rechtsanwalt
c/o Wingify Software Pvt Ltd
Schellinggasse 3/10
1010 Wien
Österreich
Email:
office@gdpr-rep.eu
Website:
gdpr-rep.eu
Bitte fügen Sie folgenden Betreff allen Schriftstücken hinzu:
DPI-REP ID: 19843629
Dies ist nur eine Übersetzung der englischen Seite zum Datenschutz für Lokalisierungs- und Referenzzwecke und darf nicht als Grundlage für rechtliche Zwecke verwendet werden. Die tatsächlich geltenden Bedingungen sind auf der
englischen
Seite zu finden.
16. Einhaltung des EU-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF), der UK-Erweiterung zum EU-U.S. DPF und des Swiss-U.S. DPF
Wingify hält sich an das EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), die UK-
Erweiterung zum EU-U.S. DPF sowie das Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S.
DPF), wie vom U.S. Department of Commerce festgelegt. Wingify hat gegenüber dem U.S.
Department of Commerce zertifiziert, dass es die Grundsätze des EU-U.S. Data Privacy
Frameworks (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) in Bezug auf die Verarbeitung personenbezogener
Daten einhält, die aus der Europäischen Union und dem Vereinigten Königreich im Rahmen
des EU-U.S. DPF und der UK-Erweiterung zum EU-U.S. DPF übermittelt werden.
Wingify hat ebenfalls gegenüber dem U.S. Department of Commerce zertifiziert, dass es die
Grundsätze des Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) in Bezug
auf die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten einhält, die aus der Schweiz im Rahmen des
Swiss-U.S. DPF übermittelt werden. Sollte es zu einem Konflikt zwischen den Bedingungen
dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und den Grundsätzen des EU-U.S. DPF und/oder des Swiss-U.S.
DPF kommen, haben die Grundsätze Vorrang.
Weitere Informationen zum Data Privacy Framework (DPF)-Programm sowie unsere
Zertifizierung finden Sie unter:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Einhaltung der Datenschutzgrundsätze
Wingify hält sich unter diesen Rahmenwerken an die folgenden Grundsätze:
Hinweis (Notice):
Wir stellen klare, transparente und detaillierte Informationen
darüber bereit, wie personenbezogene Daten erfasst, verwendet und weitergegeben
werden.
Wahlmöglichkeit (Choice):
Wir bieten Einzelpersonen die Möglichkeit, sich von der
Erfassung, Verarbeitung oder Weitergabe ihrer Daten abzumelden, soweit dies
anwendbar ist.
Verantwortlichkeit für Weiterübermittlungen (Accountability for Onward
Transfers):
Wir stellen sicher, dass jede Weiterübermittlung personenbezogener
Daten den geltenden DPF-Grundsätzen entspricht.
Sicherheit (Security):
Wir setzen geeignete technische und organisatorische
Maßnahmen ein, um personenbezogene Daten vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Verlust,
Missbrauch oder Offenlegung zu schützen.
Datenintegrität und Zweckbindung (Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation):
Wir gewährleisten, dass personenbezogene Daten relevant, genau und nur für
festgelegte, legitime Zwecke verarbeitet werden.
Zugriff und Berichtigung (Access and Rectification):
Einzelpersonen können auf
ihre personenbezogenen Daten zugreifen und, falls erforderlich, Ungenauigkeiten
korrigieren, aktualisieren oder löschen.
Rechtsbehelfe, Durchsetzung und Haftung (Recourse, Enforcement, and
Liability):
Wir bieten effektive Mechanismen zur Sicherstellung der Einhaltung und
Streitbeilegung.
Untersuchungs- und Durchsetzungsbefugnisse der FTC
Wingify unterliegt den Untersuchungs- und Durchsetzungsbefugnissen der U.S. Federal
Trade Commission (FTC) in Bezug auf die Einhaltung der Grundsätze des Data Privacy
Frameworks.
Möglichkeit eines verbindlichen Schiedsverfahrens
Unter bestimmten Bedingungen können Einzelpersonen ein verbindliches Schiedsverfahren
für ungelöste Datenschutzbeschwerden gemäß Anhang I der Data Privacy Framework
Principles einleiten. Wingify ist verpflichtet, solche Ansprüche zu schlichten und die in
Anhang I festgelegten Bedingungen einzuhalten, vorausgesetzt, dass die betroffene Person
die erforderlichen Verfahren befolgt hat.
Haftung für Weiterübermittlungen
Wingify bleibt nach den Data Privacy Framework Principles verantwortlich und haftbar,
wenn personenbezogene Daten an Drittanbieter weitergegeben werden, die diese Daten in
unserem Auftrag verarbeiten, es sei denn, wir können nachweisen, dass wir nicht für das
Ereignis verantwortlich sind, das zu dem Schaden geführt hat.
17. Datenschutzbehörden und Streitbeilegung
Im Einklang mit dem EU-U.S. DPF, der UK-Erweiterung zum EU-U.S. DPF und dem Swiss-
U.S. DPF verpflichtet sich Wingify zur Zusammenarbeit mit dem Gremium der
Datenschutzbehörden der EU (DPAs), dem britischen Information Commissioner’s Office
(ICO) sowie dem Schweizer Bundesbeauftragten für Datenschutz und Information (FDPIC)
in Bezug auf ungelöste Beschwerden zur Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die im
Rahmen des EU-U.S. DPF, der UK-Erweiterung und des Swiss-U.S. DPF übermittelt
wurden.
Im Einklang mit dem EU-U.S. DPF, der UK-Erweiterung und dem Swiss-U.S. DPF
verpflichtet sich VWO, Beschwerden über die Erfassung oder Nutzung personenbezogener
Daten zu lösen. Einzelpersonen aus der EU, dem Vereinigten Königreich oder der Schweiz
mit Fragen oder Beschwerden zu unseren Datenschutzpraktiken können den
Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
privacy@vwo.com
kontaktieren. Falls eine zufriedenstellende
Antwort oder Lösung nicht erfolgt, können Betroffene ihre Beschwerde an die zuständige
Aufsichtsbehörde weiterleiten.
Beeindruckende Erlebnisse. Schneller wachsen – ab sofort.
Kostenlose Testphase starten
Kostenlose Testphase starten
Demo Anfordern
Demo Anfordern
Scroll To Top
Melden Sie sich für eine vollständige Testversion an
30
Tage kostenlos. Keine Kreditkarte erforderlich.
Geschäftliche E-Mail
Ungültige E-Mail
Ich stimme der
Datenschutzerklärung
und den
Nutzungsbedingungen
von VWO zu
Jetzt anfangen
Richten Sie Ihr Passwort ein, um loszulegen
Geschäftliche E-Mail
*
Ungültige E-Mail
Vorname
*
Ungültiger Vorname
Nachname
*
Ungültiger Nachname
Telefonnummer
*
Afghanistan
+93
Albania
+355
Algeria
+213
American Samoa
+1
Andorra
+376
Angola
+244
Anguilla
+1
Antigua & Barbuda
+1
Argentina
+54
Armenia
+374
Aruba
+297
Ascension Island
+247
Australia
+61
Austria
+43
Azerbaijan
+994
Bahamas
+1
Bahrain
+973
Bangladesh
+880
Barbados
+1
Belarus
+375
Belgium
+32
Belize
+501
Benin
+229
Bermuda
+1
Bhutan
+975
Bolivia
+591
Bosnia & Herzegovina
+387
Botswana
+267
Brazil
+55
British Indian Ocean Territory
+246
British Virgin Islands
+1
Brunei
+673
Bulgaria
+359
Burkina Faso
+226
Burundi
+257
Cambodia
+855
Cameroon
+237
Canada
+1
Cape Verde
+238
Caribbean Netherlands
+599
Cayman Islands
+1
Central African Republic
+236
Chad
+235
Chile
+56
China
+86
Christmas Island
+61
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
+61
Colombia
+57
Comoros
+269
Congo - Brazzaville
+242
Congo - Kinshasa
+243
Cook Islands
+682
Costa Rica
+506
Croatia
+385
Cuba
+53
Curaçao
+599
Cyprus
+357
Czech Republic
+420
Côte d’Ivoire
+225
Denmark
+45
Djibouti
+253
Dominica
+1
Dominican Republic
+1
Ecuador
+593
Egypt
+20
El Salvador
+503
Equatorial Guinea
+240
Eritrea
+291
Estonia
+372
Eswatini
+268
Ethiopia
+251
Falkland Islands
+500
Faroe Islands
+298
Fiji
+679
Finland
+358
France
+33
French Guiana
+594
French Polynesia
+689
Gabon
+241
Gambia
+220
Georgia
+995
Germany
+49
Ghana
+233
Gibraltar
+350
Greece
+30
Greenland
+299
Grenada
+1
Guadeloupe
+590
Guam
+1
Guatemala
+502
Guernsey
+44
Guinea
+224
Guinea-Bissau
+245
Guyana
+592
Haiti
+509
Honduras
+504
Hong Kong
+852
Hungary
+36
Iceland
+354
India
+91
Indonesia
+62
Iran
+98
Iraq
+964
Ireland
+353
Isle of Man
+44
Israel
+972
Italy
+39
Jamaica
+1
Japan
+81
Jersey
+44
Jordan
+962
Kazakhstan
+7
Kenya
+254
Kiribati
+686
Kosovo
+383
Kuwait
+965
Kyrgyzstan
+996
Laos
+856
Latvia
+371
Lebanon
+961
Lesotho
+266
Liberia
+231
Libya
+218
Liechtenstein
+423
Lithuania
+370
Luxembourg
+352
Macau
+853
Madagascar
+261
Malawi
+265
Malaysia
+60
Maldives
+960
Mali
+223
Malta
+356
Marshall Islands
+692
Martinique
+596
Mauritania
+222
Mauritius
+230
Mayotte
+262
Mexico
+52
Micronesia
+691
Moldova
+373
Monaco
+377
Mongolia
+976
Montenegro
+382
Montserrat
+1
Morocco
+212
Mozambique
+258
Myanmar (Burma)
+95
Namibia
+264
Nauru
+674
Nepal
+977
Netherlands
+31
New Caledonia
+687
New Zealand
+64
Nicaragua
+505
Niger
+227
Nigeria
+234
Niue
+683
Norfolk Island
+672
North Korea
+850
North Macedonia
+389
Northern Mariana Islands
+1
Norway
+47
Oman
+968
Pakistan
+92
Palau
+680
Palestine
+970
Panama
+507
Papua New Guinea
+675
Paraguay
+595
Peru
+51
Philippines
+63
Poland
+48
Portugal
+351
Puerto Rico
+1
Qatar
+974
Romania
+40
Russia
+7
Rwanda
+250
Réunion
+262
Samoa
+685
San Marino
+378
Saudi Arabia
+966
Senegal
+221
Serbia
+381
Seychelles
+248
Sierra Leone
+232
Singapore
+65
Sint Maarten
+1
Slovakia
+421
Slovenia
+386
Solomon Islands
+677
Somalia
+252
South Africa
+27
South Korea
+82
South Sudan
+211
Spain
+34
Sri Lanka
+94
St Barthélemy
+590
St Helena
+290
St Kitts & Nevis
+1
St Lucia
+1
St Martin
+590
St Pierre & Miquelon
+508
St Vincent & Grenadines
+1
Sudan
+249
Suriname
+597
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
+47
Sweden
+46
Switzerland
+41
Syria
+963
São Tomé & Príncipe
+239
Taiwan
+886
Tajikistan
+992
Tanzania
+255
Thailand
+66
Timor-Leste
+670
Togo
+228
Tokelau
+690
Tonga
+676
Trinidad & Tobago
+1
Tunisia
+216
Turkey
+90
Turkmenistan
+993
Turks & Caicos Islands
+1
Tuvalu
+688
US Virgin Islands
+1
Uganda
+256
Ukraine
+380
United Arab Emirates
+971
United Kingdom
+44
United States
+1
Uruguay
+598
Uzbekistan
+998
Vanuatu
+678
Vatican City
+39
Venezuela
+58
Vietnam
+84
Wallis & Futuna
+681
Western Sahara
+212
Yemen
+967
Zambia
+260
Zimbabwe
+263
Åland Islands
+358
Ungültige Telefonnummer
Passwort
*
Passwort
show
Ihr Passwort muss haben:
8 oder mehr Zeichen
Ober & Kleinbuchstaben
Eine Zahl oder ein Sonderzeichen
Ich stimme der
Datenschutzerklärung
und den
Nutzungsbedingungen
von VWO zu
Benutzerkonto erstellen
VWO richtet Ihr Konto ein
Wir haben eine Nachricht an
yourmail@domain.com
mit Anweisungen zur Überprüfung Ihres Kontos gesendet.
Kannst du die Mail nicht finden?
Überprüfen Sie Ihre Spam-, Junk- oder sekundären Posteingänge.
Kannst du es immer noch nicht finden? Lassen Sie es uns unter
support@vwo.com
wissen
*
*
Submit
*
Business Email:
*
First Name:
*
Last Name:
*
Phone Number:
*
Demo Request:
Yes
No
*
Submit
Lass uns reden
Sprechen Sie mit einem Vertriebsmitarbeiter
Weltweit
+1 415-349-3207
Sie können uns auch eine E-Mail an
support@vwo.com
senden
Kontakt aufnahmen
Vorname:
*
Ungültiger Vorname
Nachname:
*
Ungültiger Nachname
Geschäftliche E-Mail:
*
Ungültige E-Mail
Telefonnummer:
*
Afghanistan
+93
Albania
+355
Algeria
+213
American Samoa
+1
Andorra
+376
Angola
+244
Anguilla
+1
Antigua & Barbuda
+1
Argentina
+54
Armenia
+374
Aruba
+297
Ascension Island
+247
Australia
+61
Austria
+43
Azerbaijan
+994
Bahamas
+1
Bahrain
+973
Bangladesh
+880
Barbados
+1
Belarus
+375
Belgium
+32
Belize
+501
Benin
+229
Bermuda
+1
Bhutan
+975
Bolivia
+591
Bosnia & Herzegovina
+387
Botswana
+267
Brazil
+55
British Indian Ocean Territory
+246
British Virgin Islands
+1
Brunei
+673
Bulgaria
+359
Burkina Faso
+226
Burundi
+257
Cambodia
+855
Cameroon
+237
Canada
+1
Cape Verde
+238
Caribbean Netherlands
+599
Cayman Islands
+1
Central African Republic
+236
Chad
+235
Chile
+56
China
+86
Christmas Island
+61
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
+61
Colombia
+57
Comoros
+269
Congo - Brazzaville
+242
Congo - Kinshasa
+243
Cook Islands
+682
Costa Rica
+506
Croatia
+385
Cuba
+53
Curaçao
+599
Cyprus
+357
Czech Republic
+420
Côte d’Ivoire
+225
Denmark
+45
Djibouti
+253
Dominica
+1
Dominican Republic
+1
Ecuador
+593
Egypt
+20
El Salvador
+503
Equatorial Guinea
+240
Eritrea
+291
Estonia
+372
Eswatini
+268
Ethiopia
+251
Falkland Islands
+500
Faroe Islands
+298
Fiji
+679
Finland
+358
France
+33
French Guiana
+594
French Polynesia
+689
Gabon
+241
Gambia
+220
Georgia
+995
Germany
+49
Ghana
+233
Gibraltar
+350
Greece
+30
Greenland
+299
Grenada
+1
Guadeloupe
+590
Guam
+1
Guatemala
+502
Guernsey
+44
Guinea
+224
Guinea-Bissau
+245
Guyana
+592
Haiti
+509
Honduras
+504
Hong Kong
+852
Hungary
+36
Iceland
+354
India
+91
Indonesia
+62
Iran
+98
Iraq
+964
Ireland
+353
Isle of Man
+44
Israel
+972
Italy
+39
Jamaica
+1
Japan
+81
Jersey
+44
Jordan
+962
Kazakhstan
+7
Kenya
+254
Kiribati
+686
Kosovo
+383
Kuwait
+965
Kyrgyzstan
+996
Laos
+856
Latvia
+371
Lebanon
+961
Lesotho
+266
Liberia
+231
Libya
+218
Liechtenstein
+423
Lithuania
+370
Luxembourg
+352
Macau
+853
Madagascar
+261
Malawi
+265
Malaysia
+60
Maldives
+960
Mali
+223
Malta
+356
Marshall Islands
+692
Martinique
+596
Mauritania
+222
Mauritius
+230
Mayotte
+262
Mexico
+52
Micronesia
+691
Moldova
+373
Monaco
+377
Mongolia
+976
Montenegro
+382
Montserrat
+1
Morocco
+212
Mozambique
+258
Myanmar (Burma)
+95
Namibia
+264
Nauru
+674
Nepal
+977
Netherlands
+31
New Caledonia
+687
New Zealand
+64
Nicaragua
+505
Niger
+227
Nigeria
+234
Niue
+683
Norfolk Island
+672
North Korea
+850
North Macedonia
+389
Northern Mariana Islands
+1
Norway
+47
Oman
+968
Pakistan
+92
Palau
+680
Palestine
+970
Panama
+507
Papua New Guinea
+675
Paraguay
+595
Peru
+51
Philippines
+63
Poland
+48
Portugal
+351
Puerto Rico
+1
Qatar
+974
Romania
+40
Russia
+7
Rwanda
+250
Réunion
+262
Samoa
+685
San Marino
+378
Saudi Arabia
+966
Senegal
+221
Serbia
+381
Seychelles
+248
Sierra Leone
+232
Singapore
+65
Sint Maarten
+1
Slovakia
+421
Slovenia
+386
Solomon Islands
+677
Somalia
+252
South Africa
+27
South Korea
+82
South Sudan
+211
Spain
+34
Sri Lanka
+94
St Barthélemy
+590
St Helena
+290
St Kitts & Nevis
+1
St Lucia
+1
St Martin
+590
St Pierre & Miquelon
+508
St Vincent & Grenadines
+1
Sudan
+249
Suriname
+597
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
+47
Sweden
+46
Switzerland
+41
Syria
+963
São Tomé & Príncipe
+239
Taiwan
+886
Tajikistan
+992
Tanzania
+255
Thailand
+66
Timor-Leste
+670
Togo
+228
Tokelau
+690
Tonga
+676
Trinidad & Tobago
+1
Tunisia
+216
Turkey
+90
Turkmenistan
+993
Turks & Caicos Islands
+1
Tuvalu
+688
US Virgin Islands
+1
Uganda
+256
Ukraine
+380
United Arab Emirates
+971
United Kingdom
+44
United States
+1
Uruguay
+598
Uzbekistan
+998
Vanuatu
+678
Vatican City
+39
Venezuela
+58
Vietnam
+84
Wallis & Futuna
+681
Western Sahara
+212
Yemen
+967
Zambia
+260
Zimbabwe
+263
Åland Islands
+358
Ungültige Telefonnummer
Art der Anfrage:
*
Verkaufsanfrage
Technischer Support
Andere
Ungültige Auswahlanfrage
Ihre Nachricht:
*
Ungültige Nachricht
Ich stimme der
Datenschutzerklärung
und den
Nutzungsbedingungen
von VWO zu
Absenden
Vielen Dank, dass Sie uns geschrieben haben!
Einer unserer Vertreter wird sich in Kürze mit Ihnen in Verbindung setzen.
*
First Name:
*
Last Name:
*
Business Email:
*
Phone Number
*
Message
*
VWO/Frictionless Commerce can send relevant emails until I unsubscribe
Submit
Genial! Ihr Meeting ist für
um
bestätigt
Danke Sie,
dass Ihre Details geteilt haben.
Hallo 👋Lassen Sie uns Ihre Demo planen
Als erstes, erzählen Sie uns ein bisschen über sich
Vorname*
Ungültiger Vorname
Nachname*
Ungültiger Nachname
Geschäftliche E-Mail*
Ungültige E-Mail
Telefonnummer*
Afghanistan
+93
Albania
+355
Algeria
+213
American Samoa
+1
Andorra
+376
Angola
+244
Anguilla
+1
Antigua & Barbuda
+1
Argentina
+54
Armenia
+374
Aruba
+297
Ascension Island
+247
Australia
+61
Austria
+43
Azerbaijan
+994
Bahamas
+1
Bahrain
+973
Bangladesh
+880
Barbados
+1
Belarus
+375
Belgium
+32
Belize
+501
Benin
+229
Bermuda
+1
Bhutan
+975
Bolivia
+591
Bosnia & Herzegovina
+387
Botswana
+267
Brazil
+55
British Indian Ocean Territory
+246
British Virgin Islands
+1
Brunei
+673
Bulgaria
+359
Burkina Faso
+226
Burundi
+257
Cambodia
+855
Cameroon
+237
Canada
+1
Cape Verde
+238
Caribbean Netherlands
+599
Cayman Islands
+1
Central African Republic
+236
Chad
+235
Chile
+56
China
+86
Christmas Island
+61
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
+61
Colombia
+57
Comoros
+269
Congo - Brazzaville
+242
Congo - Kinshasa
+243
Cook Islands
+682
Costa Rica
+506
Croatia
+385
Cuba
+53
Curaçao
+599
Cyprus
+357
Czech Republic
+420
Côte d’Ivoire
+225
Denmark
+45
Djibouti
+253
Dominica
+1
Dominican Republic
+1
Ecuador
+593
Egypt
+20
El Salvador
+503
Equatorial Guinea
+240
Eritrea
+291
Estonia
+372
Eswatini
+268
Ethiopia
+251
Falkland Islands
+500
Faroe Islands
+298
Fiji
+679
Finland
+358
France
+33
French Guiana
+594
French Polynesia
+689
Gabon
+241
Gambia
+220
Georgia
+995
Germany
+49
Ghana
+233
Gibraltar
+350
Greece
+30
Greenland
+299
Grenada
+1
Guadeloupe
+590
Guam
+1
Guatemala
+502
Guernsey
+44
Guinea
+224
Guinea-Bissau
+245
Guyana
+592
Haiti
+509
Honduras
+504
Hong Kong
+852
Hungary
+36
Iceland
+354
India
+91
Indonesia
+62
Iran
+98
Iraq
+964
Ireland
+353
Isle of Man
+44
Israel
+972
Italy
+39
Jamaica
+1
Japan
+81
Jersey
+44
Jordan
+962
Kazakhstan
+7
Kenya
+254
Kiribati
+686
Kosovo
+383
Kuwait
+965
Kyrgyzstan
+996
Laos
+856
Latvia
+371
Lebanon
+961
Lesotho
+266
Liberia
+231
Libya
+218
Liechtenstein
+423
Lithuania
+370
Luxembourg
+352
Macau
+853
Madagascar
+261
Malawi
+265
Malaysia
+60
Maldives
+960
Mali
+223
Malta
+356
Marshall Islands
+692
Martinique
+596
Mauritania
+222
Mauritius
+230
Mayotte
+262
Mexico
+52
Micronesia
+691
Moldova
+373
Monaco
+377
Mongolia
+976
Montenegro
+382
Montserrat
+1
Morocco
+212
Mozambique
+258
Myanmar (Burma)
+95
Namibia
+264
Nauru
+674
Nepal
+977
Netherlands
+31
New Caledonia
+687
New Zealand
+64
Nicaragua
+505
Niger
+227
Nigeria
+234
Niue
+683
Norfolk Island
+672
North Korea
+850
North Macedonia
+389
Northern Mariana Islands
+1
Norway
+47
Oman
+968
Pakistan
+92
Palau
+680
Palestine
+970
Panama
+507
Papua New Guinea
+675
Paraguay
+595
Peru
+51
Philippines
+63
Poland
+48
Portugal
+351
Puerto Rico
+1
Qatar
+974
Romania
+40
Russia
+7
Rwanda
+250
Réunion
+262
Samoa
+685
San Marino
+378
Saudi Arabia
+966
Senegal
+221
Serbia
+381
Seychelles
+248
Sierra Leone
+232
Singapore
+65
Sint Maarten
+1
Slovakia
+421
Slovenia
+386
Solomon Islands
+677
Somalia
+252
South Africa
+27
South Korea
+82
South Sudan
+211
Spain
+34
Sri Lanka
+94
St Barthélemy
+590
St Helena
+290
St Kitts & Nevis
+1
St Lucia
+1
St Martin
+590
St Pierre & Miquelon
+508
St Vincent & Grenadines
+1
Sudan
+249
Suriname
+597
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
+47
Sweden
+46
Switzerland
+41
Syria
+963
São Tomé & Príncipe
+239
Taiwan
+886
Tajikistan
+992
Tanzania
+255
Thailand
+66
Timor-Leste
+670
Togo
+228
Tokelau
+690
Tonga
+676
Trinidad & Tobago
+1
Tunisia
+216
Turkey
+90
Turkmenistan
+993
Turks & Caicos Islands
+1
Tuvalu
+688
US Virgin Islands
+1
Uganda
+256
Ukraine
+380
United Arab Emirates
+971
United Kingdom
+44
United States
+1
Uruguay
+598
Uzbekistan
+998
Vanuatu
+678
Vatican City
+39
Venezuela
+58
Vietnam
+84
Wallis & Futuna
+681
Western Sahara
+212
Yemen
+967
Zambia
+260
Zimbabwe
+263
Åland Islands
+358
Ungültige Telefonnummer
Ich stimme der
Datenschutzerklärung
und den
Nutzungsbedingungen
von VWO zu
Demo anfordern
Bestätigen
Später festlegen
*
*
*
*
*
*
Implicit Opt-In:
*
Monthly Unique Visitor:
Select...
Under 10,000
10,001 to 30,000
30,001 to 50,000
More than 50,000
*
Get exclusive demo of “VWO Insights for Mobile Apps” with a 90-day free trial. Understand your app users and find growth opportunities.
Submit
Obwohl unsere Demo, die gesamte VWO-Plattform umfasst, geben Sie uns bitte einige Details, damit wir
die Demo für Sie personalisieren
können.
Select the capabilities that you would like us to emphasise on during the demo.
Mobile App Heatmaps
Mobile App Session Recordings
A/B Testing
Split Testing
Surveys
Multivariate Testing
Multi-Arm Bandit Testing
Personalization
Form Analysis
Funnel Analysis
Mobile App Testing
Server Side Testing
Web Session Recordings
Web Heatmaps
Rollouts/Deploy
User Segmentation
Feature Management
Fortfahren
Auslassen
Zurück
Welche dieser Optionen trifft auf Sie zu?
Ich bin Anfänger in der Verwendung von Optimierungs- und Experimentier-Produkten.
Ich habe andere Optimierungs- und Experimentier-Produkte verwendet.
Ich habe VWO in der Vergangenheit verwendet und kenne die Plattform gut.
Fortfahren
Auslassen
Zurück
Bitte teilen Sie mit uns die Use-Cases, Ziele oder Bedürfnisse, die Sie zu lösen versuchen.
Fortfahren
Auslassen
Zurück
Bitte geben Sie die URL Ihrer Website oder App ein.
Wir werden eine Demo für diese spezifische Website oder App vorbereiten.
Web-URL
Invalid URL
App-URL
Invalid URL
Fertig
,  you're all set to experience the VWO demo.
Ich kann es kaum erwarten, Sie am
um
zu treffen
Account Executive
, vielen Dank für die Details. Ihr VWO-Vertreter wird sich in Kürze mit Ihnen in Verbindung setzen, um einen Termin für diese Demo zu vereinbaren.
Wir sind zufrieden und froh, dass wir uns für VWO entschieden haben. Wir erhalten den ROI aus unseren Experimenten.
Christoffer Kjellberg
CRO Manager
VWO war bei unserer Optimierungs-Strategie so hilfreich. Die Testmöglichkeiten sind endlos und sie haben es uns ermöglicht, mehrere Tests gleichzeitig zu identifizieren, einzurichten und durchzuführen.
Elizabeth Levitan
Digital Optimization Specialist
Als Projektmanager für unseren Experimentierprozess finde ich es toll, wie die Funktionalität von VWO es uns ermöglicht, schnell loszulegen, uns aber auch die Flexibilität gibt, unsere Tests komplexer zu gestalten.
Tara Rowe
Marketing Technology Manager
Sie brauchen keinen Hintergrund in Website-Development, um VWO zu benutzen. Das VWO-Support-Team ist großartig
Elizabeth Romanski
Consumer Marketing & Analytics Manager
Vertrauen von Tausenden führender Marken
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. You can control how we use cookies by clicking on Cookie Settings. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Cookie Settings
Allow Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
VWO website may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with VWO, including providing you with more relevant advertising. Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change your cookie preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our website and the services we are able to offer.
Read more about VWO cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Vendor Details‎
Performance Cookies
Any cookie that helps us understand user behavior and thus improve site performance eg. analytics, heatmap, ab testing, etc.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enable us to provide additional functions to you on Our Site such as personalization and remembering your saved preferences.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
It is also important for Us to know when and how often you visit Our Website, and which parts of it you have used (including which pages you have visited and which links you have clicked on).  As with analytics Cookies, this information helps us to better understand you and, in turn, to make Our Website and advertising more relevant to your interests.  Some information gathered by targeting Cookies may also be shared with third parties.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 8
https://www.google.com/privacy.html:

Sub-policy 9
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active:
Skip to content
LinkedIn Corporation
Active Participant
Participation
Privacy Policy
Dispute Resolution
Participation
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  12/11/2023
Next Certification Due Date: 12/10/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  9/6/2018
Next Certification Due Date: 12/10/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  9/6/2018
Next Certification Due Date: 12/10/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
Purpose of Data Collection
LinkedIn Corporation (“LinkedIn”) receives and processes personal data relating to data subjects in the EU, UK, EEA, and Switzerland from LinkedIn’s members, customers, and business partners.  

LinkedIn members provide LinkedIn with personal data in the context of using the LinkedIn platform and various LinkedIn products and services. This personal data is processed for purposes related to LinkedIn’s mission of increasing economic opportunity for all LinkedIn members.

The provision of customer or business partner personal data to LinkedIn is at the discretion and instruction of LinkedIn’s customers and business partners, and such personal data includes data relating to the employees of such customers and business partners and data that such customers and business partners provide in the course of using LinkedIn’s products and services. LinkedIn uses such data for various purposes outlined in such customers’ and business partners’ contracts with LinkedIn, including to improve the ability of the customers and business partners to use LinkedIn’s Talent Solutions, Sales Solutions, Marketing Solutions, and Learning services. 

LinkedIn uses a limited number of service providers to process the data described above and requires such service providers to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by the Principles.

LinkedIn processes the personal data described above in accordance with its Privacy Policy and has certified to the EU-U.S.., UK extension and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks with regard to such processing. LinkedIn’s certification to the EU-U.S., UK extension and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks does not include LinkedIn’s Glint brand.
Privacy Policy
HR Data
LinkedIn Employee Privacy Policy (Current)
Description:
LinkedIn's Current Global Employee and Contingent Worker Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 1/1/2023
Non-HR Data
Document:
LinkedIn Privacy Policy
Description:
LinkedIn's online Privacy Policy describing LinkedIn's privacy and data protection practices.
Effective Date: 8/11/2020
Verification Method
Self-Assessment
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint regarding the covered data, please contact LinkedIn Corporation at:
Tara Dunigan
Privacy Counsel
LinkedIn Corporation
Legal Department - Privacy
1000 W Maude Ave
Sunnyvale, California  94085-2810
dataprivacyframework@linkedin.com
Phone:
(877) 654-5653
Fax:
Privacy Shield organizations must respond within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
If you have not received a timely or satisfactory response from LinkedIn Corporation to your question or complaint, please contact the independent recourse mechanism listed below
HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
NON-HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against LinkedIn Corporation regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy
Federal Trade Commission