Word Block
Terms & Privacy Policy
Last Updated: [07/23/2019]
Introduction
This Terms & Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Word Block (hereafter also referred to as “we” and “us”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected
from users (each, a “User”) of the Word Block mobile application and its related software platform and tools, and Word Block’s social media accounts, including at Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, and Twitter (hereinafter, collectively referred to as the “Word Block Service”). By accessing the Word Block Service, you acknowledge and agree to this Privacy Policy of the Word Block Service
located at https://sites.google.com/view/wordblockpolicy2019/home
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY USING THE WORD BLOCK MOBILE APPLICATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE, DOWNLOADING AND/OR USING OUR MOBILE APPLICATION OR REGISTERING AN ACCOUNT WITH US), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AGREE AND ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
INDIVIDUAL REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS NON-NEGOTIABLE.
BY USING THE APPLICATION, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR APPLICATION. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WORD BLOCK APPLICATION FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF CHANGES TO THIS POLICY WILL BE DEEMED YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THOSE CHANGES.
Word Block Information Collection
l Personal Information
1. We may collect your Facebook ID and Facebook Profile information when you log in with your Facebook ID.
2. We may collect personally identifiable information in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users register an account and make use of the tools, features or resources we make available via the Word Block application. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you and information on your use of and activities related to the Word Block Service.
l Non-Personal Information
1. We may collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for your computer, mobile or other device used to access the Word Block Service (any, a “Device”). A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Word Block Service, and our system identifies your Device by its Device Identifier. Whenever we associate a Device Identifier with your Personal Information, we will treat it as Personal Information.
2. We and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Word Block Service (“Usage Information”). This Usage Information may include mobile device that you are using, the URL that referred you to the Word Block Service, all of the areas within Word Block Service - that you visit, and the time of day, among other information. We may use Usage Information for various reasons, including enhancing or otherwise improving the Word Block Service.
3. In addition, general location information and precise geo-location information may be collected under your consent. We collect this information for various purposes – including, sending notifications, to provide you with customer support, to send you promotions and offers, to enhance the Word Block Service, and for our internal business purposes.
4. We may also have features that allow you to share this information with other people (such as your family, friends or colleagues) if you choose.
Responding to Do Not Track Signals
For Users in California: The Word Block Application is not presently configured to support Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals from web browsers or mobile devices.
How We Use Your Personal Information？
Personal Information is used to:
1. Provide and improve the Word Block Service and related features and content;
2. Administer your account and your use of the Word Block Application;
3. Enable users to enjoy and easily utilize the mobile application;
4. Better understand your needs and interests;
5. Fulfill requests you may make;
6. Personalize your experience;
7. Send push notification & local notification. You can adjust the notifications you receive by editing your notification settings.
Information is gathered to monitor and analyze use of the Word Block Service, for technical administration, to increase our mobile application’s functionality and user-friendliness, to generate and derive useful data and information concerning the
interests, characteristics of our users, and to verify that the proper information is submitted to fulfill and process your requests.
We may use the email address and other information you provide to respond to User inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
Sharing Your Personal Information
Ø Third party websites and services
Via the Word Block Service, we may feature certain links to the websites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties (the “Links”). We reserve the right to control and maintain who may place Links on our site, and we reserve the right to remove the Links at any time. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites and services linked to or from the Word Block application. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website or services, including those linked to or with the Word Block application, is subject to that website’s or service’s own terms and policies. When you access a linked website or service you may be disclosing private information. It is your responsibility to keep such information private and confidential.
Here is a link to the Privacy Policies for all our third party service providers:
1. Apple - https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
2. Google - https://policies.google.com/privacy
3. Amazon Apps Privacy Notice - https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
Ø Advertising and Social Media partners
We may share your personal information with third party advertisers and partners with your consent. The Service includes SDKs from our partners, such as social media interaction tools, advertising analytics tools and in-game or app advertising platforms.
We may disclose aggregated and anonymous information to describe the services to prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. We may use aggregate, non-personally identifiable information for our own internal promotion or marketing purposes, and we may share such aggregate non-personally identifiable information with others for marketing purposes.
These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. Here is the links to the privacy policies for all our advertising partners. We encourage you to read them by visiting the following links:
Tapjoy Privacy Policy
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
Mixpanel PrivacyPolicy:
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy
Unity Technologies Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Facebook Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Google Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Twitter Privacy Policy:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Amazon Apps Privacy Notice
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
Ø Service Providers, Business Partners and Others
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our service, to provide service on our behalf, to perform website related services (including but not limited to payment processing, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of Word Block’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our App and service are used and can be improved. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf.
Ø Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
Word Block must cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. In the event of a claim and/or legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Word Block or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any activity we may consider to pose a risk of being illegal, unethical, inappropriate or legally actionable, we reserve the right to disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we in our sole discretion find necessary or appropriate.
Ø Sale or Merger
In the event that Word Block undergoes a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, change of control, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, we may transfer all of your information, including personal data, to the successor organization in such transition.
User information submitted prior to any such transfer would remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy (as it existed on the date of the
submission). However, User information submitted after a transfer to a successor entity may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.
Opt Out Options
1. Opting out of notifications
When you install our Word Block on your mobile device, you can choose to receive push notifications. And you may also receive local notifications. To stop this function, you can check the “settings” page within the application to turn off the notifications.
2. Opting Out of Ad Tracking
You can opt out of the collection and use of your information for ad targeting by configuring the settings on your mobile device and selecting “limit ad tracking” in Apple iOS system or “opt-out of interest based ads” in Android system to limit ad tracking through the App.
Security
Word Block service takes the security of your Personal Information seriously. We appreciate your membership, and will employ reasonable measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access and unsolicited contact from third party groups. To that end, all sensitive personal information (credit card data) is transmitted through secure networks supported by high-grade encryption.
However, please note that data that is transported over an open network, such as the Internet, online/cellular networks or e-mail, may be accessible to anybody. We cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted via such open networks. When disclosing any personal information via an open network, you should remain mindful of the fact that it is potentially accessible to others, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without your consent. In particular, while individual data packets are often encrypted, the names of the sender and recipient are not. A third party may therefore be able to trace an existing bank account or relationship or one that is subsequently created. Even if both the sender and recipient are located in the same country, data may also be transmitted via such networks to other countries regularly and without controls, including to countries that do not afford the same level of data protection as your country of domicile.
Your data may be lost during transmission or may be accessed by unauthorized parties. We do not accept any liability for direct or indirect losses as regards the security of your Personal Information or data during its transfer via Internet. Please use other means of communication if you think this is necessary or prudent for security reasons.
Young Users
A user under the age of thirteen (13) (a “Young User”), is not allowed to send any information about yourself to us. We do not knowingly gather personal data or target interest based advertising to Young User. If we learn that a Young User submits personal data to Word Block, we will delete that data as quickly as possible.
As Word Block cannot determine when a Young User is making use of the Word Block mobile application under Parent User account, Word Block cannot determine if and when information may actually be provided by a Young User. If a Parent User becomes aware that their Young User has submitted personal information about that Young User without the consent or authorization of the Parent User, please contact us at chongwang3@gmail.com, and we will take reasonable steps to remove such data from our system.
For Users Outside of the United States Only
The Word Block Service is hosted on servers located in the United States. If you are a user accessing the Word Block Service from the European Union, Australia, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, you are transferring your personal data to the United States which may not have the same data protection laws as such other regions. By providing user information through the Word Block Service you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintenance in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning the Word Block Service and any services offered or provided therefrom.
Changes to This Statement
Word Block may change this statement from time to time. If we make any changes to this statement, we will change the “Last Updated” date above. If we make any material change, we will notify you by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. You agree that your continued use of our Site, Applications or Services after such changes have been published to our statement will constitute your acceptance of such revised statement.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
The Word Block Service operates “AS-IS” and “AS-AVAILABLE,” without warranties of any other kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding conflicts of law principles. Any legal actions against us are subject to the dispute resolution, governing law.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this
site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at AvocadoMobileInc@gmail.com