Announcement
About Us
OUR PRODUCTS
Privacy
                            Policy
Privacy Policy
BLUE WIND SERVICE CO., LTD (hereinafter referred to as “Blue Wind”) recognizes  that protection of personal information is one of the most important responsibilities of an internet content service corporation.  Blue Wind have established the following guidelines for handling personal information and specific personal information (personally identifiable information, including individual number; used with this definition hereinafter), and will follow these guidelines strictly to protect personal information in secure and appropriate ways.
Appropriate Collection and Specification of Purpose
When collecting personal information and specific personal information, Blue Wind will specify in advance the purpose of use and utilize appropriate and fair methods for collection. With the exception of cases where laws and regulations necessitate it, the personal information that is collected will not be used outside the intended purpose. Furthermore, Blue Wind takes appropriate measures to prevent uses other than the intended purpose. The specific personal information that is collected will only be used for purposes specified in laws and regulations.
Provision to Third Parties
With the exception of cases where laws and regulations necessitate it, the personal information that is collected by Blue Wind will not be provided to third parties (including third parties in foreign countries) without consent from the individual to which said personal information belongs. Furthermore, with the exception of cases where laws and regulations necessitate it, the specific personal information that is collected will not be provided to third parties.
Safe Management of Personal Information
Blue Wind implements the necessary and appropriate measures to prevent the unauthorized access, loss, damage, falsification, leakage, etc. of personal information and specific personal information. Subcontractors given access to the personal information collected by Blue Wind are required to ensure strict management of this personal information, and will be monitored by Blue Wind in the necessary and appropriate ways.
Continuous Improvement for the Protection of Personal Information
Blue Wind periodically revises its handling of personal information and specific personal information in accordance with social changes and revisions of laws and regulations, and ensures continuous improvement by establishing internal policies (including this Privacy Policy), educating employees, and conducting internal audits.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Contact Us
For questions and comments about our handling of personal information and specific information, contact us by email to:
studio.bluewind@bluewindservice.com
Established:
August 31, 2018  BLUE WIND SERVICE CO., LTD