
Some visa applications will be unavailable for a short time from 05:00 to 07:00 Monday 17 March (NZDT)
During this time, if you have issues trying to start/progress your visa applications, wait 5 minutes and try again.
Applications affected by this upgrade

Dismiss alert
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.legislation.govt.nz/act/public/2020/0031/latest/LMS23223.html:
New Zealand Legislation
List of access keys
Skip to main content
Advanced search
Browse
About this site
How the site works
Contact us
News
Site map
Glossary
Access keys
Accessibility
Copyright
Privacy
Disclaimer
About legislation
Home
Advanced search
Browse
About this
                                site
Web feeds
Tagged sections/clauses
Printing order
Quick search
HelpQuickSearch
?
Type
Acts
Bills
Secondary legislation
Other Instruments
All
Text
title
content
HelpDRegQuickSearch
?
My recent searches
Ready-made feeds
Document list
Click to subscribe:
Remove all
Feed name
Days (1-90)
Cancel
Recreate an existing web feed
To reload a previous document list or search, copy and paste your existing web feed URL into the field below, and press the Recreate button.
URL
Recreate an existing web feed
Learn more about web feeds...
Close
Order commercially printed copies from Print Legislation
Remove all
Learn more about ordering prints...
Learn more about printing your own copies...
Close
Get quote
Privacy Act 2020
If you need more information about this Act, please contact the administering agency:
Ministry of Justice
Search within this Act
By sections
View whole (903KB)
Versions and amendments
Secondary legislation
Add to web feed
Order a commercial print
Print/Download PDF [1.0MB]
Contents
Previous section
Next section
Tag section
Remove
Previous hit
Next hit
Version as at 26 January 2025
Privacy Act 2020
Public Act
2020 No 31
Date of assent
30 June 2020
Commencement
see section 2
Note
The Parliamentary Counsel Office has made editorial and format changes to this version using the powers under
subpart 2
of Part 3 of the Legislation Act 2019.
Note 4 at the end of this version provides a list of the amendments included in it.
This Act is administered by the
Ministry of Justice
.
Contents
1
Title
2
Commencement
Part 1
Preliminary provisions
Subpart 1—Preliminary matters
3
Purpose of this Act
4
Application of this Act
5
Transitional, savings, and related provisions
6
Act binds the Crown
Subpart 2—Interpretation and related matters
7
Interpretation
8
Meaning of New Zealand agency
9
Meaning of overseas agency
10
Personal information held by agency if held by officer, employee, or member of agency
11
Personal information treated as being held by another agency in certain circumstances
12
Actions of, and disclosure of information to, staff of agency, etc
Part 2
Privacy Commissioner
Subpart 1—Appointment of Privacy Commissioner
13
Privacy Commissioner
14
Deputy Privacy Commissioner
15
Holding of other offices
16
Superannuation or retiring allowances
Subpart 2—Functions of Privacy Commissioner
17
Functions of Commissioner
18
Other functions of Commissioner
19
Responsible Minister must present copy of report on operation of Act to House of Representatives
20
Duty to act independently
21
Commissioner to have regard to certain matters
Part 3
Information privacy principles and codes of practice
Subpart 1—Information privacy principles
22
Information privacy principles
23
Application of IPPs in relation to information held overseas
24
Relationships between IPPs and other New Zealand law
25
IPPs 1 to 4 do not apply to personal information collected before 1 July 1993
26
Restricted application of IPP 13 to unique identifiers assigned before 1 July 1993
27
Restricted application of IPPs to personal information collected or held for personal or domestic affairs
28
IPPs 2, 3, and 4(b) do not apply to personal information collected by intelligence and security agencies
29
IPPs 6 and 7 do not apply to certain information
30
Commissioner may authorise collection, use, storage, or disclosure of personal information otherwise in breach of IPP 2 or IPPs 9 to 12
31
Enforceability of IPPs
Subpart 2—Codes of practice
32
Codes of practice in relation to IPPs
33
Issue of code of practice
34
Urgent issue of code of practice
35
Commencement of code
36
Application of Legislation Act 2019 to codes
37
Amendment and revocation of codes of practice
38
Effect of codes of practice
Part 4
Access to and correction of personal information
Subpart 1—Access to personal information
39
Interpretation
40
Individuals may make IPP 6 request
41
Urgency
42
Assistance
43
Transfer of IPP 6 request
44
Responding to IPP 6 request
45
Decision to grant access to personal information
46
Decision to refuse access to personal information
47
Decision to neither confirm nor deny personal information is held
48
Extension of time limits
49
Protection, etc, of individual as reason for refusing access to personal information
50
Evaluative material as reason for refusing access to personal information
51
Security, defence, international relations as reason for refusing access to personal information
52
Trade secret as reason for refusing access to personal information
53
Other reasons for refusing access to personal information
54
Agency may impose conditions instead of refusing access to personal information
55
Withholding personal information contained in document
56
Ways personal information in document may be made available
57
Responsibilities of agency before giving access to personal information
Subpart 2—Correction of personal information
58
Interpretation
59
Individuals may make correction requests
60
Urgency
61
Assistance
62
Transfer of correction request
63
Decision on request to correct personal information
64
Decision on request to attach statement of correction
65
Extension of time limits
Subpart 3—Charges
66
Charges
67
Commissioner may authorise public sector agency to impose charge
Part 5
Complaints, investigations, and proceedings
68
Interpretation
69
Interference with privacy of individual
Subpart 1—Complaints
70
Complaints
71
Who may make complaint
72
Form of complaint
73
Procedure on receipt of complaint
74
Commissioner may decide not to investigate complaint
75
Referral of complaint to another person
76
Referral of complaint to overseas privacy enforcement authority
77
Exploring possibility of settlement and assurance without investigating complaint
78
Referral of complaint to Director without conducting investigation
Subpart 2—Investigations by Commissioner
79
Application of this subpart
80
Commencing investigation
81
Conducting investigation
82
Commissioner may regulate own procedure
83
Exploring possibility of settlement and assurance during investigation
84
Referral of complaint to Director without completing investigation
85
Compulsory conferences of parties to complaint
86
Power to summon persons
87
Power to require information and documents
88
Disclosure of information may be required despite obligation of secrecy
89
Protection and privileges of persons required to provide information, etc
90
Disclosed information privileged
91
Procedure after completion of investigation relating to access to personal information
92
Access direction
93
Procedure after completion of investigation relating to charging
94
Procedure after completion of other investigations
95
Special procedure relating to intelligence and security agency
96
Commissioner to report breach of duty or misconduct
Subpart 3—Proceedings before Human Rights Review Tribunal
Proceedings in relation to complaints or investigations
97
Director may commence proceedings in Tribunal
98
Aggrieved individuals may commence proceedings in Tribunal
99
Right of Director to appear in proceedings commenced under section 98
100
Apology not admissible except for assessment of remedies
101
Onus of proof
102
Remedies in respect of interference with privacy
103
Damages
Access order
104
Enforcement of access direction
Appeal against access direction
105
Appeal to Tribunal against access direction
106
Time for lodging appeal
107
Interim order suspending Commissioner’s direction pending appeal
108
Determination of appeal
Miscellaneous
109
Proceedings involving access to personal information
110
Costs
111
Certain provisions of Human Rights Act 1993 to apply
Part 6
Notifiable privacy breaches and compliance notices
Subpart 1—Notifiable privacy breaches
112
Interpretation
113
Assessment of likelihood of serious harm being caused by privacy breach
114
Agency to notify Commissioner of notifiable privacy breach
115
Agency to notify affected individual or give public notice of notifiable privacy breach
116
Exceptions to or delay in complying with requirement to notify affected individuals or give public notice of notifiable privacy breach
117
Requirements for notification
118
Offence to fail to notify Commissioner
119
Section 211 does not apply to processes and proceedings relating to failure to notify notifiable privacy breach
120
Liability for actions of
officers, employees,
agents, and members of agencies
121
Knowledge of
officers,
employees, agents, and members of agencies to be treated as knowledge of employers, principal agencies, and agencies
122
Publication of identity of agencies in certain circumstances
Subpart 2—Compliance notices
123
Compliance notices
124
Issuing compliance notice
125
Form of compliance notice
126
Agency response to compliance notice
127
Commissioner may vary or cancel compliance notice
128
Commissioner’s power to obtain information
129
Publication of details of compliance notice
Proceedings
130
Enforcement of compliance notice
131
Appeal against compliance notice or Commissioner’s decision to vary or cancel notice
132
Interim order suspending compliance notice pending appeal
133
Remedies, costs, and enforcement
134
Application of Human Rights Act 1993
135
Commissioner may be represented in proceedings
Part 7
Sharing, accessing, and matching personal information
Subpart 1—Information sharing
136
Purpose of this subpart
137
Relationship between subpart 1 and other law relating to information disclosure
138
Interpretation
139
Information sharing between agencies
140
Information sharing within agencies
141
Parties to information sharing agreement
142
Agreement may apply to classes of agencies
143
Lead agency
144
Form and content of information sharing agreement
145
Governor-General may approve information sharing agreement by Order in Council
146
Requirements for Order in Council
147
Further provisions about Order in Council
148
Status of Order in Council
[Repealed]
149
Matters to which relevant Minister must have regard before recommending Order in Council
150
Consultation on proposed information sharing agreement
151
Commissioner may prepare and publish report on approved information sharing agreement
152
Requirement to give notice of adverse action
153
When requirement to give notice of adverse action applies
154
Responsibilities of lead agency
155
Report of lead agency
156
Commissioner may specify frequency of reporting by lead agency
157
Amendment of approved information sharing agreement
158
Review of operation of approved information sharing agreement
159
Report on findings of review
160
Relevant Minister must present copy of report under section 159(1) and report setting out Government’s response to House of Representatives
161
Power to amend Schedule 2 by Order in Council
Subpart 2—Identity information
162
Purpose of this subpart
163
Relationship between this subpart and other law relating to information disclosure
164
Interpretation
165
Access by agencies to identity information
166
Manner and form of access
167
Annual reporting requirement
168
Power to amend Schedule 3 by Order in Council
Subpart 3—Law enforcement information
169
Purpose of this subpart
170
Relationship between this subpart and other law relating to information disclosure
171
Interpretation
172
Access by accessing agencies to law enforcement information
173
Power to amend Schedule 4 by Order in Council
Subpart 4—Authorised information matching programmes
174
Purpose of this subpart
175
Application of this subpart
176
Relationship between this subpart and other law relating to information disclosure
177
Interpretation
178
Information matching agreements
179
Use of results of authorised information matching programme
180
Extension of time limit
181
Notice of adverse action proposed
182
Reporting requirements
183
Reports on authorised information matching programmes
184
Reports on information matching provisions
185
Responsible Minister must present copy of report under section 184 and report setting out Government’s response to House of Representatives
186
Avoidance of controls on information matching through use of exceptions to information privacy principles
187
Avoidance of controls on information matching through use of official information statutes
188
Power to amend Schedule 5 by Order in Council
189
Power to amend Schedule 6 by Order in Council
190
Amendments to other enactments related to this subpart
[Repealed]
191
Repeal of section 190 and Schedule 7
Part 8
Prohibiting onward transfer of personal information received in New Zealand from overseas
192
Interpretation
193
Prohibition on transfer of personal information outside New Zealand
194
Commissioner’s power to obtain information
195
Transfer prohibition notice
196
Commissioner may vary or cancel transfer prohibition notice
197
Offence in relation to transfer prohibition notice
198
Appeals against transfer prohibition notice
199
Application of Human Rights Act 1993
200
Power to amend Schedule 8 by Order in Council
Part 9
Miscellaneous provisions
General
201
Privacy officers
201A
Responsibility under Parts 4 to 6 for interdepartmental executive board
202
Commissioner may require agency to supply information
203
Inquiries
204
Powers relating to declaratory judgments
205
Protection against certain actions
206
Commissioner and staff to maintain secrecy
207
Commissioner may share information with overseas privacy enforcement authority
208
Consultation
209
Exclusion of public interest immunity
210
Adverse comment
Liability and offences
211
Liability of employers, principals, and agencies
212
Offences
Regulations
213
Regulations: prescribed binding schemes
214
Regulations: prescribed countries
215
Other regulations
Repeal, revocation, and consequential amendments
216
Repeal and revocation
217
Consequential amendments
[Repealed]
218
Repeal of section 217 and Schedule 9
Schedule 1
Transitional, savings, and related provisions
Schedule 2
Approved information sharing agreements
Schedule 3
Identity information
Schedule 4
Law enforcement information
Schedule 5
Information matching provisions
Schedule 6
Information matching rules
Schedule 7
Amendments to other enactments related to subpart 4 of Part 7
[Repealed]
Schedule 8
Basic principles of national application set out in Part Two of OECD Guidelines
Schedule 9
Consequential amendments
[Repealed]
Notes
The Parliament of New Zealand enacts as follows:
The Parliamentary Counsel Office
www.govt.nz
Home
Advanced search
Browse
About this site
Contact us
News
Site map
Glossary
Accessibility
Copyright
Privacy
Disclaimer
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacy.org.nz/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Nau mai, haere mai
Your privacy is precious; let us help you protect it.
Speaker applications are open for Privacy Week 2025
Privacy Amendment Bill – what you need to know
Biometrics Code consultation
Use our response calculator
Send an enquiry
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
Notify Us of a breach
Make a privacy complaint
What's new on the website?
down arrow
Make a privacy complaint
We're keen to work with New Zealanders to get their privacy queries and complaints sorted quickly and fairly. Before you complain to us, you need to
complain directly to the business or organisation that you feel has breached your privacy.
If you haven’t been able to work out your privacy issue with them,
then you can complain to us
. We aim to ensure that you're treated fairly, whatever your background or circumstances. We work in accordance with the Human Rights Act 1993.
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
(external link)
.
Use our Response Date Calculator for access and correction requests
.
Answer your questions about privacy breaches
.
Fill in our online enquiry form
.
Make a privacy complaint to us
(external link)
.
We review all the complaints we receive. If we can resolve them quickly, we will. If your case requires a complicated or comprehensive investigation, then owing to high volumes, the wait time for an investigator is up to six months.
Privacy Amendment Bill: what you need to know
The Privacy Amendment Bill is making its way through Parliament, and we know organisations are starting to think about how this will impact them. We’ve put together key information on the Bill, which we’ll update as it progresses.
Read more about our upcoming guidance, how you can be involved or ask for what you need, and what the timing looks like for this work
(external link)
.
Agencies: report a data breach
If you're an organisation and have a privacy breach that is likely to cause anyone serious harm, you are legally required to notify us and any affected persons as soon as you can.
As a guide, our expectation is that a breach notification should be made to our Office no later than 72 hours after agencies are aware of a notifiable privacy breach.
Work out whether you need to notify us
.
How long is 72 hours
(external link)
?
Do I need to notify my privacy breach
(external link)
?
Notify Us of a privacy breach
Commissioner to proceed with biometrics privacy code
The Privacy Commissioner will proceed with developing a privacy code of practice to create specific rules for agencies using biometrics.
We’ve made several important changes to the draft code since our last consultation and are giving people a further chance to have their say. Consultation is open now until 14 March 2025.
Learn more about the code and have your say
(external link)
.
Use our free e-learning tools
We can help you and your workmates learn about privacy, or sharpen your skills with our free e-learning tools. There are 10 free courses to choose from, and they are all run as online learning modules. Learn at your own pace and receive a certificate of completion.
Topics range
from Privacy 101 to specialist topics like health and education. You can learn more about reporting privacy breaches, approved information sharing agreements (AISA) and more.
Get learning with our e-learning modules
(external link)
.
Our news and views
Read our latest media releases and news.
Subscribe to Privacy News, our free monthly newsletter.
See case notes and court decisions.
Order free brochures for your customers or clients.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.travellerdeclaration.govt.nz/privacy/:
Skip to main content
Skip to primary navigation
Skip to site search
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Tūmataitinga
On this page
Privacy policy
New Zealand Traveller Declaration – Privacy policy
Traveller Declaration website
On this page
Privacy policy
New Zealand Traveller Declaration – Privacy policy
Traveller Declaration website
This privacy information applies to personal information collected through this website.
Purpose
The purpose of this privacy policy is to let users of this website know when we collect personal information and what we may do with it. We don't use, share or disclose personal information collected or received through this website except as set out in this policy.
Scope
This privacy policy applies to personal information collected through our website.
The Traveller Declaration website - www.travellerdeclaration.govt.nz
This privacy policy will explain how the New Zealand Border Agencies will collect, access, and use the personal information provided through the New Zealand Traveller Declaration (NZTD) online and paper forms (the NZTD declaration) to manage the lawful entry of a traveller and their belongings safely and securely into New Zealand.
This policy applies to those individuals who have submitted a declaration using either the NZTD online form or the NZTD paper form available upon arrival in New Zealand.
This policy uses ‘you’ and ‘your’ to refer to the person travelling to New Zealand whose personal information is included in the NZTD declaration.
What is privacy
Privacy is the right to have your personal information used and managed fairly and transparently.
Personal information is defined in the Privacy Act 2020 (the Act) as “information about an identifiable individual”. All of the information collected through the NZTD declaration is considered personal information.
Privacy Act 2020 – New Zealand Legislation
The Act establishes the rules for how personal information must be managed by agencies through the 13 Information Privacy Principles (IPPs). This privacy statement describes how the New Zealand Border Agencies comply with the IPPs, and other legislation that these agencies are subject to where it overrides or changes how the Act applies.
Who is collecting your personal information and under what authority
Each New Zealand Border Agency will collect, use, and disclose your personal information in accordance with their statutory powers and the requirements of the Act. The New Zealand Border Agencies are:
New Zealand Customs Service (NZCS) Te Mana Ārai o Aotearoa
NZCS is responsible for the security of the New Zealand border and the collection of revenue on taxable goods crossing the border.
The Customs and Excise Act 2018 establishes NZCS and its roles and responsibilities. NZCS’ questions in the NZTD online and paper forms are a legal document for the purposes of the Customs (Arriving Passenger and Crew Declarations) Rules 2018. These rules set out the prescribed information travellers arriving in New Zealand must provide for their personal baggage or other effects to be deemed entered under section 75(1) of the Customs and Excise Act.
Customs and Excise Act 2018 – New Zealand Legislation
Immigration New Zealand (INZ) Te Ratonga Manene, a part of the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment (MBIE) Hīkina Whakatutuki
INZ administers the Immigration Act 2009 and is responsible for the granting of visas, of permission to enter New Zealand, and for confirming the right to reside in New Zealand.
Immigration Act 2009 – New Zealand Legislation
The Ministry for Primary Industries (MPI) Manatū Ahu Matua
MPI administers the Biosecurity Act 1993 and is responsible for managing biosecurity risks and keeping harmful organisms out of New Zealand.
Biosecurity Act 1993 – New Zealand Legislation
How your personal information will be managed
The purposes of collecting personal information through the NZTD declaration are to:
validate the identity of a traveller;
conduct risk assessments and analysis of the information provided upon the travellers arrival in New Zealand;
facilitate lawful entry of an individual and their belongings into New Zealand;
administer the Immigration Act 2009, including decision-making relating to a grant, revocation and/or cancellation of a visa or entry permission;
evaluate and manage any duty owed on incoming goods;
evaluate and manage any biosecurity risks presented by incoming persons and goods; and
test and improve the operation of NZTD systems and related processes.
For information collected through the NZTD online form the following additional purposes apply:
to provide the traveller with targeted information about how they can expect to proceed into New Zealand upon arrival based upon their responses;
to provide the traveller with direct information about their declaration, when requested by the traveller through correspondence and phone calls with contact centre operators;
to confirm whether the traveller is eligible to travel to, and/or enter, New Zealand; and
to conduct risk assessments and analysis of the information provided in advance of the traveller’s arrival in New Zealand.
Find a full list of the questions asked in the NZTD declaration and which agency is able to collect and use the information you provide:
Border agencies collecting information
If you are making a declaration using the NZTD online form all of the information included in your declaration will be accessible to Immigration contact centre operators if you request support with your declaration. Contact centre operators are unable to amend or delete declaration information or to make a declaration submission on behalf of a traveller.
Sharing information with other agencies
Statistics New Zealand Tatauranga Aotearoa
Under
section 26 of the Data and Statistics Act 2022
, NZCS is making a mandatory request for data from you via the NZTD declaration on behalf of Statistics New Zealand. The data to which this request relates includes:
If you live in New Zealand:
What country you spent the most time in while overseas
The main reason for your trip overseas
Which country you will mostly live in for the next 12 months;
If you do not live in New Zealand:
Whether you intend to stay in New Zealand permanently (and if so, for how long)
Your main reason for coming to New Zealand
In which country you last lived for 12 months or more.
The information you provide contributes to important international travel and migration statistics for New Zealand. This is why you have a legal obligation to answer all questions as requested. It is an offence to fail or refuse to respond. For more information, call 0800 809 464 or visit the
Statistics New Zealand website
.
Ministry of Health Manatū Hauora and Health New Zealand Te Whatu Ora
Under
Parts 3 and 4 of the Health Act 1956
the Ministry of Health and Health New Zealand Te Whatu Ora (together Health) are authorised to monitor and manage incoming health threats such as infectious diseases and exposures to hazardous materials.
To support the monitoring of such risks at the New Zealand border NZCS shares the following information for every arriving traveller with Health:
Date, time, and port of arrival into New Zealand;
Date, time, and port of departure;
Occupation;
List of the countries you have been to outside of New Zealand in the last 30 days;
If you live in New Zealand:
What country you spent the most time in while overseas;
If you do not live in New Zealand:
In which country you last lived for 12 months or more;
If you arrive in New Zealand by air, NZCS will also share your Flight number.
Sharing this information assists Health to monitor potential health threats and to target contact tracing efforts towards individuals who may have been exposed to a health threat during their transit to New Zealand. For more information, call 0800 400 569 or visit the
Health website
.
Information collected through the NZTD declaration may be shared with other agencies to administer health, wildlife, police, fine enforcement, justice, benefits, social service, electoral, inland revenue, and currency laws. Information may be shared under exceptions in the Privacy Act, including for the purposes of law enforcement or to address a threat to public health or public safety.
Retention and disposal of your information
The NZTD systems are managed and operated on behalf of the Border Agencies by NZCS and MBIE, who are responsible for the security of the information held in these systems. These systems are hosted in New Zealand and in Australia. Under certain limited circumstances (e.g. providing services, maintenance, support, troubleshooting requests, and/or business continuity purposes), information may be stored or accessed by authorised service providers in countries outside New Zealand and Australia.
Information collected through the NZTD paper form will be digitised after your arrival and retained in digital format. Information collected through both the NZTD online and paper forms will be retained in a non-identifiable format for system performance and reporting purposes.
Information arising from interactions with Border Agencies upon arrival in New Zealand will be retained by the appropriate Border Agency and may include information submitted through the NZTD declaration. Information will be retained and disposed of in accordance with each Border Agency’s obligations under the Public Records Act 2005.
Additional information for if you are arriving in New Zealand on a maritime vessel
If you arrive in New Zealand by sea and have not completed the NZTD declaration using the online form prior to your arrival, border officials may provide you with a secure device which you may use to complete your NZTD declaration. Paper forms are also available.
You will not be able to amend your NZTD declaration using the NZTD online form once your declaration has been seen by a border official for the first time. You may still inform a border official of any subsequent changes to the information you declared, which the border official will be able to record.
If you do not permanently disembark from your maritime vessel during your time in New Zealand, you will still need to complete a declaration, but some questions in the declaration will not be asked or may be voluntary.
Those traveller’s arriving in New Zealand as crew members of a maritime vessel may meet their obligations to NZCS by completing a NZTD digital declaration or by completing the paper forms which will still be available.
Completing a declaration on behalf of another person
A person may complete a declaration for another person who is travelling to New Zealand. It is the responsibility of the person completing the declaration on behalf of a traveller to obtain the consent of the traveller before doing so. It is the responsibility of both the person completing the declaration and the traveller to ensure the information provided in the declaration is correct and accurate.
When completing a declaration on behalf of another traveller, the name and contact information of the person completing the declaration will be collected and may be used as described in this statement. A copy of the declaration, including the details of the person who completed it, will be available to the traveller.
Your access to your information
If you have completed a declaration using the NZTD online form, you may access and amend your declaration at any time before you arrive in New Zealand and present your passport to a border official or an eGate system. If you complete an NZTD paper form this will be collected from you before you leave your port of arrival.
Should you wish to access your personal information submitted in your declaration after this time you may contact NZCS using the details below.
Under the Act you are entitled to request access to any information an agency holds about you, and to request correction of this information if you believe it to be incorrect. You may do this by contacting the relevant agency directly using the details below. You may be asked to provide proof of your identity when you do so.
Contacting Border Agencies
You can contact NZCS to request access to or correction of any of your information held by NZCS using the details found on their website:
Privacy – New Zealand Customs
You can contact INZ to request access to or correction of any of your information held by INZ using the details found on their website:
Request or change your personal information – Immigration New Zealand
You can contact the MPI to request access to or correction of any of your information held by MPI using the details found on their website:
Access rights to information about you – Ministry for Primary Industries
Collection, storage and use
You can use www.travellerdeclaration.govt.nz without disclosing any personal information.
Collection of personal information
We may ask or require you to provide some personal information if you contact us by email.
Holding of information
When you provide personal information, unless otherwise indicated, it will be held by us. It may be stored or accessed on behalf of us by authorised third parties (such as third-party contractors) to the extent that is necessary, for example for them to respond to your query. We will store and keep your personal information secure in accordance with the Privacy Act 2020 and any agents will be subject to our information security and privacy requirements.
Use of personal information
We will generally only use personal information provided to us through this website for the purpose you provided it (for example, to administer, evaluate and improve the site, to improve our services, or to action or respond to the information provided). We may also use personal information provided to us through this website for other reasons permitted under the Privacy Act (for example, with your consent, for a directly related purpose, or where the law permits or requires it).
Disclosure of information
We will generally not share personal information that is provided or collected through this website, unless it is necessary to do so for the purpose for which you gave us the information (for example, to investigate a complaint) or where you consent. We will not otherwise disclose personal information provided or collected through this website unless required or otherwise permitted by law.
Records and retention of personal information
We will only retain personal information as long as it is required for the purposes for which the information may lawfully be used.
Public records
Where any information (which may include personal information) provided to, or through, this site constitutes public records, it will be retained to the extent required by the Public Records Act 2005.
We may also be required to disclose information under the Official Information Act 1982 or to a Parliamentary Select Committee or Parliament in response to a Parliamentary Question.
Security
Our websites have security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. To maintain the cyber security of our systems and information, our systems are subject to ongoing monitoring (including activity logging), analysis and auditing.
We may use information about your use of our websites and other IT systems to prevent unauthorised access or attacks on these systems or to resolve such events. We may use this information even if you are not involved in such activity.
We may use services from one or more third party suppliers to monitor or maintain the cyber security of our systems and information. These third party suppliers will have access to monitoring and logging information as well as information processed on our websites and other IT systems.
Rights of access and correction
You have the right to:
find out from us whether we hold personal information about you
access that information; and, if applicable
request corrections of that information
If we have a good reason for refusing a request for correction, you are entitled to request that a statement be attached to the information of the correction that was sought but not made.
If you want to check personal information that we hold, please write to:
Privacy Officer
Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment
PO Box 5488
Wellington 6011.
For more information on the privacy laws in New Zealand and contact details for the Office of the Privacy Commissioner, visit the
Privacy Commissioner's website
.
Collecting statistical information using cookies via Google Analytics
We may use cookies to gather data about trends in website usage using a tool called Google Analytics. This data will be viewable by website administrators and certain other staff. It may also be shared with other government agencies. This information is aggregated and it does not identify you personally.
Cookies
Browser or web cookies are small text files that are sent by a website and stored on your computer's hard drive to collect information about how you browse the website.
Cookies are used to:
measure how you use the website so it can be updated and improved based on your needs
remember the notifications you’ve seen so that we don’t show them to you again
You can read Google’s privacy statement at the
Google Safety Center
.
You can manually disable cookies at any time. Check your browser's 'Help' to find out how (disabling cookies will not affect your ability to use this website).
Data collected may include:
your IP address
the search terms you used on this site
the pages you accessed on this site and the links you clicked on
the date and time you visited this site
the referring site (if any) from which you clicked to reach this site
the device you used to access this site
your operating system (for example, Windows 10, Mac OS X)
the type of web browser you used to access this site (for example, Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome)
other things like your screen resolution, the release of your installed Flash version and the language setting of your browser.
Last updated:
10th October 2024
Sub-policy 3
https://www.groupm.com/privacy-notice:
Skip to content
GroupM Global Privacy Notice
GroupM Global Privacy Notice
September 2023
GroupM is a global media investment business and is the umbrella for a group of companies, including media planning and buying companies such as Mindshare, Wavemaker and EssenceMediaCom and technology providers including: [m]PLATFORM. GroupM’s portfolio also includes Choreograph; WPP’s global data products and technology company. For more details about these technologies and group companies, please refer to the below section of this notice which provides links to their own privacy notices.
Choreograph
https://www.choreograph.com/privacy-policy/
[m]PLATFORM
https://www.groupm.com/mplatform-privacy-notice/
This Privacy Policy contains important information about how we use your personal information. We respect the privacy of individuals who interact with our business and where you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner with that information.
In this privacy policy, references “GroupM”, “us”, “we” or “our”, are all references to GroupM.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about any aspect of this policy or how GroupM handles your information please email our privacy team at
dpo@groupm.com.
What information do we collect?
We collect personal information from you in several ways; you may share information with us, or we may collect it using other means. In this section we explain the different ways we collect personal information from you and some ways in which that information will be used.
Requesting information from us and responding to your queries
We process contact information such as name, email address, telephone number or postal address, preferences, and other declared personal information about you when you provide it to us. For example, when you fill out online forms, subscribing to our services, call, or text us, enquire about our products and services.
Interacting with us via Social Media Channels
We process information relating to you when you interact with us through social media platforms such as Linkedin or Facebook.
Registering for and attending our events, seminars, or conferences
If you choose to attend one our events, we will ask for your contact information to provide you with details of the event and manage your attendance. For in-person events, we may ask you to provide us with accessibility information, if appropriate.
Updating you on developments and initiatives
We may process your contact information to keep you informed of updates and developments in our business.
Interacting with our website
When you visit our website we may collect details of your website visit, including name, email, phone number, IP address (a unique identifier for your computer or other device), website URL and mobile device ID. Our website also uses cookies please see our cookie policy below for details.
Applying for a job at GroupM
We process information provided by you in relation to submitting a job application to GroupM (this may include sensitive personal information for example ethnic origin). Please see our Recruitment Privacy Policy
here
for further information.
Visiting our offices
We may collect information such as contact information (including name, email address, telephone number) and CCTV footage in respect to your visit to our office address.
Interacting with us as a client of GroupM
When interacting with us as a client, we process information we may receive from you or from others in relation to our provision of services to our clients. Please see our Client Privacy Policy
here
for further information.
Interacting with us as a supplier or partner to GroupM
We process information in relation to you as an individual if you provide services to us (or if you work for a company that provides services to us). Please see our Supplier Privacy Policy
here
for further information.
How do we use it?
We will use your personal information in the following ways. We are also required by law to state a “legal basis for processing”, i.e., to tell you on what grounds we are allowed to use your information, and this is also set out below:
How we will use your personal information
Our legal basis for processing
To provide or respond to you, with information that you have requested, e.g., this could relate to a newsletter, bulletin, an invitation for an event, your interaction with us on social media
Consent – we only use your personal information for this purpose if you have asked us to do so. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
To keep you updated with developments and initiatives at GroupM, its affiliates or partners
Our legitimate interests – we use your information to provide you news and updates on GroupM, its affiliates or partners. You will always have the opportunity to opt-out in each correspondence.
To process your registration for and attendance at events, seminars, conferences, and meetings with GroupM its affiliates or partners
Our legitimate interests – we use your information to book you on to the requested events and to send confirmation to you and the event organiser.
To respond to specific queries you may raise regarding GroupM, its affiliates and partners
Consent – we only use your personal information for this purpose if you have asked us to do so. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
To provide you with better ways of accessing information from this website
Consent – we only use your personal information for this purpose if you have consented for us to do so. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
To process and consider your job application.
Our legitimate interests – we use your personal information to assess your job application, update you on its status and keep you informed of other opportunities, if you have asked us to, via the methods you have selected.
To manage your visit to the office
Our legitimate interests or any other purposes required by law such as for example, compliance with fire protection regulations.
For how we use your information that is collected using cookies and similar technologies please see the “Cookies” section below.
Do we pass your information to third parties?
We may send your personal information to other group companies, affiliates and third parties to help us process your personal information for the purposes set out in this policy. Further details of our group companies can be found
here
.
We may disclose your personal information if we or any of our assets are the subject of a sale or similar corporate transaction. We will ensure that the third parties who receive your personal information are required to keep it confidential.
We may disclose personal information to third parties when we reasonably believe we are required by law, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual unlawful or otherwise prohibited activities, including, but not limited to, fraud.
Where do we send your information?
We are a global company and therefore we may transfer your personal information to countries around the world including the US and other countries outside of the UK and Europe. We will, where the country to which your data is transferred has not been found to provide an adequate level of protection, put in place appropriate safeguards (we use standard contractual clauses) to ensure your information is protected.
How long do we keep your information?
We only keep your personal information for as long as we need to, to be able to use it for the reasons given in this privacy policy, and for as long as we are required to keep it by law.
How do we protect your information?
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure that your personal information disclosed to us is kept secure, accurate and up to date and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is used.
Children’s Privacy
This website is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from or about any person under the age of 16. If you are under 16 years old and wish to ask a question or use this site in any way which requires you to submit your personal information, please get your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf.
Your rights
You are entitled to ask:
for a copy of the personal information we hold about you, and details about how we are processing your personal information;
to have any inaccuracies in your personal information corrected;
if we are processing your personal information by automated means and on the basis of your consent (see “How do we use it?”, above), for us to provide your personal information to you in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format. You can also ask us to provide your personal information directly to a third party in this format, and, if technically feasible, we will do so; and
to have your personal information erased, or for our use of it to be restricted (for example, if your preferences change, or if you don’t want us to send you the information you have requested).Please contact us using the details set out below if you would like to exercise any of these rights.You also have the right to make a complaint to the supervisory authority if you’re not happy with how we’ve handled your personal information. In the UK, the supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (
http://www.ico.org.uk
).
Changes to this privacy policy
We review this privacy policy on a regular basis to ensure that it is up-to-date with our use of your personal information, and compliant with applicable data protection laws.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to revise this privacy policy at any time. The updated privacy policy will be posted on our website. You are encouraged to review this privacy policy from time to time.
Cookies
What are cookies?
We may use information obtained from cookies or similar technology. Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which we download onto your computer or device when you visit our website. Therefore, when we refer to “you” in this section we mean your computer. We can recognise these cookies on subsequent visits and they allow us to remember you.
Cookies come in many forms. We have set out below the main types and categories of cookies that are used. This section refers to all types and categories of cookies and not just those we use on our website.
First and third-party cookies – whether a cookie is first-party or third-party refers to the domain placing the cookie. First-party cookies are those set by a website that is being visited by the user, the website displayed in the URL window e.g. www.groupm.com. Third-Party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website this would be a third-party cookie.
Persistent cookies – these cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.
Session cookie – these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
What do we use cookies for?
Cookies fall into one or more of the categories set out below. This website uses cookies that fall into all the categories. Also we use data from targeting cookies placed on your computer by third parties when you have visited other websites.
Strictly necessary cookies – These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for.
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies certain services you have asked for cannot be provided.
Performance cookies – These cookies collect information on the pages visited.
These cookies collect information about how users use a website, for instance which pages users go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. They are only used to improve how the website works.
Functionality cookies – These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience.
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal features.
Targeting cookies or advertising cookies – these cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests.
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisation such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.If you want to delete any cookies that may already be on your computer or device, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. If you want to stop cookies being stored on your computer in future, please refer to your browser manufacturer’s instructions by clicking “Help” in your browser menu. Further information on cookies is available at
allaboutcookies.org
. By deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our website.
IAB TCF
GroupM is a registered vendor under the IAB’s Transparency and Consent Framework  v2.2.  As a registered vendor, under ID 98, we comply with the IAB TCF 2.2 Policies.
How to contact us
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal information or if you have any queries about how we use your personal information, please let us know by contacting us at the following address: GroupM Sea Containers House, 18 Upper Ground, London SE1 9GL UK or by email at
dpo@groupm.com
.
Search
This website uses cookies. Some of which are necessary for the operation of the website and some of which are designed to improve your experience. You may adjust your cookie settings via your chosen browser tools. You can review the cookies, tags and pixels we use
here
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies certain services you have asked for cannot be provided. e.g. the ASP.NET cookie.
View Vendor Details‎
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information on the pages visited. These cookies collect information about how users use a website, for instance which pages users go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. They are only used to improve how the website works.
View Vendor Details‎
Functionality cookies
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience. These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal features. They may also be used to help provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity to other websites.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting cookies or advertising cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator's permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 4
https://www.xaxis.com/privacy-notice/:
404 page not found
Sub-policy 5
https://www.groupm.com/mplatform-privacy-notice:
Skip to content
[m]PLATFORM Privacy Notice
This is the global [m]PLATFORM privacy policy. Please read our EU and language specific versions
here
.
Effective Date:
Feb 2, 2022
[m]PLATFORM Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice describes the information [m]PLATFORM collects from web sites, applications, and other digital properties, we refer to all of these as “
Sites
”. We explain how we use this information in our “
Platform
” and to provide “
Services
” to our clients. We also explain how you can manage your privacy choices and exercise your rights in relation to certain data about you collected and used by [m]PLATFORM.
For purposes of this Privacy Notice, “
device
” includes computers, smartphones, tablet computers, e-readers, connected television and/or over-the-top television devices (“
OTT TV Devices
”) and other digital devices capable of maintaining an Internet connection; and “
mobile device
” includes smartphones and tablet computers.
Who are we?
[m]PLATFORM is a business which operates globally as part of the GroupM group of companies. In the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland the [m]PLATFORM legal entity responsible for the data that [m]PLATFORM collects is Choreograph Limited.  Outside of the EEA and Switzerland the responsible legal entity is Choreograph LLC.
[m]PLATFORM is an audience intelligence and activation solution that builds personalized consumer relationships at scale. In addition to the technology suite, it is a worldwide service organization comprised of analysts, data strategists, search and social specialists, and product and media experts focused on ensuring consistent delivery in all markets where our clients do business. [m]PLATFORM is part of GroupM’s technology stack and is used by WPP group companies including Choreograph.  For more information about Choreograph, see
here
.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Notice, including any request to exercise your legal rights, please see the “
Contact Us
” section at the bottom of this Privacy Notice. Please note that this Privacy Notice has been translated from English into multiple different languages. If there are any conflicts or inconsistencies between the different language versions of this Privacy Notice, the English version will prevail.
What are our Services?
[m]PLATFORM owns and operates a technology platform (the “
Platform
”) that provides various advertising-related services (collectively, “
Services
”) for its clients, which consist of other GroupM agencies and businesses as well as other
companies within the WPP plc group of companies
including Choreograph. [m]PLATFORM does not provide services directly to consumers, our clients are corporate businesses who work with GroupM agencies to plan and buy media campaigns (advertising).
GroupM agencies and Choreograph use our Platform and Services, for their own clients, to help them understand the advertising they deliver online (e.g. what sites it was delivered on, who saw it and whether or not anyone interacted with it) and to improve the effectiveness of that advertising. We also help them to try deliver advertising to consumers who are more likely to be interested in their products and services.
When we help clients select audiences to deliver their advertising to, we use certain demographic information (such as age, gender, education, income and household status (e.g., number of children)), geography, interests, activities, and similar information (“
User Information
”). We call this type of advertising “
Interest-Based Advertising
”.
What Categories of Information Are Collected by [m]PLATFORM?
The Platform is designed to collect and/or use information about the type of web pages you visit and about interactions you have with Sites and with our clients’ advertisements. We also collect information that identifies the browsers and devices of users who have viewed our clients’ advertising. This information includes the following categories of data:
Technical Identifiers
These can be used to identify a user’s browser, mobile advertising environment, and/or device and typically include:
Cookie IDs
Mobile advertising IDs (e.g., IDFAs and Google Advertising IDs)
OTT TV Device Identifiers for Advertising (a unique ID assigned by an OTT TV provider)
[m]PLATFORM’s “[mP]ID” proxy identifier for the above IDs
Additional Technical Information
Internet protocol address (“
IP address
”) and data derived from an IP address, such as non-precise geolocation data that indicates the country, region, city, and/or postal code of a device
Type of Internet browser, browser language, and operating system
Connection type (wired or Wi-Fi), network to which the device is connected, and mobile carrier (if available)
Latitude/longitude of a mobile device
Online Activity Information
[m]PLATFORM collects the information explained below about your online browsing activity to determine what types of activities, services and products you and other users may be interested in and how you and other users interact with certain advertisements. This information includes:
Internet domain level information and/or content topics about the Sites and pages viewed (i.e., in order to ascertain interests)
Site/page you came from before viewing an advertisement
Date and time of online activity
Frequency of visits to a Site
Search terms used on a Site
Interaction with an advertisement (e.g., whether you click on an advertisement)
The User Information collected directly by [m]PLATFORM is solely collected online from Sites as further discussed below in the “
How Do We Collect Information?
” section.
How Do We Collect Information?
We collect information and receive information on behalf of our clients about you when you visit the online properties of the advertiser clients for whom [m]PLATFORM provides services, or third-party publishers (e.g., news sites). In order to do this we use cookies, advertising IDs, pixels, and other technologies. Here are some explanations of these terms:
Cookie
is a small alphanumeric text file that is stored in a browser by a web site or by a third-party ad server or other third party which allows that web site or third party to recognize that browser and remember User Information and other information. Our targeting cookies, which are named “Mookie” and operate on the mookie1.com domain, are persistent cookies that contain unique randomly-generated values that enable our Services to distinguish browsers and devices and are associated with User Information and other information. Mookie cookies, together with this associated information, are used in the performance of our Services, and in particular Interest-Based Advertising activities. More information about our Mookie cookies is set forth in the table immediately below this explanation of terms.
Advertising ID
is an alphanumeric identifier made available by a platform or operating system (such as Apple iOS or Google Android) that allows application developers and third parties to recognize a particular device in an application environment. It is associated with User Information and other information and, together with this associated information, is used in the performance of our Services, and in particular Interest-Based Advertising activities.
Pixel
is a line of code that is used by a Site or third party to assign online activities to a device or browser, or more specifically to the applicable cookie or advertising ID. The use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a device or browser has visited a particular Site or page.
The following chart provides information about our Mookie cookies, all of which are “persistent” cookies (meaning they are stored until they expire or are deleted/removed by a user) mapped to the mookie1.com domain:
Cookie Name
Cookie Behaviour Capability
Information held in Cookie
Expiry from last refresh (days)
Targeting (client data)
Targeting and Optimization (user data)
Reporting  Attribution and Security
id
Y
Y
Y
Unique serial number
395 Days
ov
N
N
Y
Unique identifier
395 Days
mdata
Y
N
N
Unique serial number, Creation timestamp, cookie version
395 Days
syncdata_<PARTNER>
Y
N
N
Unique serial number, Creation timestamp, data partner’s visitor id
10 Days
What Categories of Information Are Used By [m]PLATFORM and What Are the Sources of That Information?
User Information Collected by [m]PLATFORM
User Information collected directly by [m]PLATFORM is solely collected online from Sites as further discussed in the
“How do Do We Collect Information?”
section.
User Information Received from Third Parties
In addition to the User Information [m]PLATFORM collects directly from users, we also receive both online and offline User Information collected by third parties, including demographic and interest information for use in our Services. These third parties include our clients and carefully selected partners and service providers.  When we receive offline User Information, this information is provided to us via a partner or service provider in conjunction with a cookie ID, advertising ID, or similar user ID that identifies a user to us, the client, partner or service provider (through a process called “cookie syncing”.) We may also receive any names, mailing addresses, phone numbers, email addresses or similar data connected with these IDs.
How Does [m]PLATFORM Use This Information?
[m]PLATFORM processes the information it collects and receives for the purposes of providing the Services to clients as explained above, as well as for administrative, security and compliance purposes. Specifically, we carry out the following activities:
Ad Selection, Delivery, Reporting
We analyze the information collected when client advertising is delivered through [m]PLATFORM and information received from our partners. We organize this information into collections of IDs (which we call segments), based on various components of the User Information we explained above.  For example, we may have segments of IDs that visit sport websites. GroupM agencies then use these segments within the Platform to deliver Interest-Based Advertising for their clients, using our partners and service providers. This advertising may be delivered across devices.
We may also integrate (and use for the same purposes) User Information obtained from other carefully selected companies (including Site owners, data providers and data aggregators).
We also maintain our own internal identifier, which we call “[mP]ID”. We use the [mP]ID to associate information relating to browsers, environments, and/or devices that we reasonably believe belong to the same user. This helps us to provide more useful and relevant advertising to a specific user, regardless of the browser, device, or environment.
Personalization
In order to provide our client-specific personalization Services, we:
collect information on each client’s Sites (this includes websites, apps, and other digital properties) – as described above in the “
How Do We Collect Information?
” section;
access or store this information on devices (via cookie IDs and advertising IDs, as applicable); and
analyze the information collected, sometimes with other information received from the client and organize it into segments of IDs, based on the various User Information we have
Our clients can then use these segments to deliver, on their own behalf or on behalf of their clients, Interest-Based Advertising to users on their devices (this is through a variety of means).
Where we are providing this client-specific personalization, the segments that we build for one client are logically segregated from the segments and data of other clients. Data collected in this way, and the segments produced, can only be used on behalf of that specific client.
Measurement
We process User Information to deliver advertisements and measure the delivery of these advertisements, to learn about what factors make advertising successful or unsuccessful for advertisers and generate reports to understand and improve Service usage and advertising effectiveness.
Storage and Access of Information
In order to provide our Services, we store our Mookie cookies on the browser(s) of individuals to whom we have delivered advertising and then recognize the Mookie cookies, when your browser is used to access websites of our clients and publishers we work with.  Sites on which we are dropping and/or reading, or seek to drop and/or read, Mookie cookies should tell you about the use of third-party cookies, and in particular Mookie cookies where required by law, on those Sites. In the data feed we receive from our partners in connection with the delivery of digital advertising in mobile application environments we also receive Advertising IDs associated with users’ mobile device platforms/operating systems and recognize these Advertising IDs.
We use the information collected and received for Interest-Based Advertising, such as:
Matching Data to Offline Sources
– as indicated above under the “
User Information Received From Third Parties
” section:
We receive offline User Information, including demographic and interest information, from other companies, including our clients, partners and service providers, that is collected outside the Platform and is provided to us for use in our Services. It is the responsibility of those companies collecting that data to do so in an appropriate and legal way, and to permit sharing that information with us for our purposes.
When we receive offline User Information, this information may be provided to us via a partner or service provider in conjunction with a cookie ID, advertising ID, or similar user ID that identifies a customer or consumer to the client or service provider.
In addition, we may receive names, mailing addresses, phone numbers, email addresses or similar data connected with the IDs we receive.
Linking Devices
– we make use of our own [mP]ID identifier to associate information relating to browsers, environments, and/or devices that we reasonably believe belong to the same user, in order to help provide more useful and relevant advertising regardless of browser, environment, or device.
Precise Geographic Location Data
– when we have the necessary rights to do so we may receive and/or use a user’s precise geographic location data for the purpose of bidding on and/or delivering “moment in time” advertising. [m]PLATFORM does not store or otherwise save precise geographic location data.
What Categories of Third Parties Do We Share Data With?
[m]PLATFORM shares data with GroupM agencies and Choreograph and their clients for purposes of delivering Interest-Based Advertising, analytics, and the other Services described above. We may also share data with third-parties that perform services and functions on our behalf and/or on behalf of our clients, in the provision of the Services such as companies that are responsible for the actual delivery of Interest-Based Advertising – including demand-side platforms, advertising networks, advertising exchanges, and ad servers.
If we reasonably believe we are obliged by law or legal process to disclose information to a third party (including law enforcement), then we will do so. In addition, we may disclose information to a third party (including an auditor or other service provider) in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities and/or in order to review, evaluate, or address the integrity or security of our Platform and Services.
Sale of Personal Information
[m]PLATFORM collects information from or about you, including personal information, through the provision of its Services as described in this Privacy Notice. We may disclose certain information we collected about you for purposes that may be considered a “sale” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”). Under the CCPA, you have the right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information. If you are a California resident and want to exercise this right, please see the instructions below in the “
California
” section.
Memberships
We are a member of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA), and the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC). In connection with these memberships, we adhere to the DAA’s self-regulatory framework, the IAB Europe EU Framework for Online Behavioural Advertising, and the DAAC’s Canadian Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising, respectively, in those markets where the applicable self-regulatory framework applies, and we support deployment of the Advertising Option icons (AdChoices and, where available, AppChoices). Advertisements that are provided by organizations that participate in these frameworks display the icon shown below when technologically feasible. Clicking on the icon provides you with information about Interest-Based Advertising.
We participate in the IAB Europe’s Transparency & Consent Framework as a “global vendor” (ID number 98).
Opt-Out/Right To Withdraw Consent
You may
opt out
of [m]PLATFORM Interest-Based Advertising through several mechanisms.
If you
opt out
, you will still see ads, but those ads are less likely to have anything to do with products or services you care about.
With Interest-Based Advertising, you receive ads and offers that are more likely to be of interest to you.
You may choose not to receive customized third-party advertisements via [m]PLATFORM targeting cookies on the browser you are using by clicking below. If you do this the [m]PLATFORM targeting cookies will be replaced with a set of “opt-out” cookies. Any Interest-Based Advertising data linked to the replaced [m]PLATFORM targeting cookies will not be used for Interest-Based Advertising on that device or browser.
If you use multiple browsers or devices and wish to limit the data that [m]PLATFORM collects and do not wish to receive [m]PLATFORM Interest-Based Advertising on any of them, you must
opt out
from each browser and device individually.
To opt-out of data collection via cookies from [m]PLATFORM please click
here
.
Our opt-out cookies are programmed to expire ten years after they are initially issued.
If you buy a new device, upgrade or change web browsers or clear your cookies (i.e. delete these opt-out cookies), you will need to perform the opt-out process again
. In order for the opt-out process to work, your browser must be set to accept third-party cookies. If cookies are not enabled in your browser, including if third-party cookies are disabled, or if you use certain ad-blocking tools, our opt-out mechanism may not work properly.
In browser environments, you may also refuse or remove cookies from both [m]PLATFORM and other service providers, via the following methods:
Adjusting your browser settings to refuse or remove cookies, which would result in the cessation of Interest-Based Advertising via cookies from [m]PLATFORM and from other providers. However, by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on certain web sites or take full advantage of all web site offerings and Interest-Based Advertising. You may refuse or remove cookies by following the directions provided in your browser settings. Further information about cookies is available at
aboutcookies.org
,
www.youronlinechoices.com
, and
www.aboutads.info/consumers#cookies
.
Adjusting the cookie settings at the level of the web site owner where you granted us consent to our cookie usage; cookie settings options may vary by web site owner.
Opting out of Interest-Based Advertising via our targeting cookies, as well as the targeting cookies of other service providers, at the following web sites:
aboutads.info/choices/
youradchoices.ca/choices/
youronlinechoices.com
(by clicking the “Your ad choices” link after selecting the appropriate country)
You may also limit ad tracking in mobile and OTT TV Device app environments. For the most effective and up-to-date methods for doing so, you should consult instructions provided by those device manufacturers. The following information is solely for informational purposes, and we cannot guarantee that the methods below are the most current:
Going to the privacy setting on your mobile device as well as on your OTT TV Device and selecting “Limit Ad Tracking” via your device settings, which will result in the elimination of Interest-Based Advertising via the applicable advertising ID from [m]PLATFORM and from other providers in addition to [m]PLATFORM.
Opting out of Interest-Based Advertising via the applicable advertising ID from [m]PLATFORM and/or other providers via the AppChoices app. Please note that, in order for the AppChoices app to function properly, the “Limit Ad Tracking” device setting must not be selected. Interest-Based Advertising data previously collected or received in association with the replaced advertising ID will not be used via [m]PLATFORM for Interest-Based Advertising on any other device or browser that we have reasonably linked to the mobile app environment where the information was collected. Additional information regarding the AppChoices app is available at
http://www.aboutads.info/consumers
and
http://www.youradchoices.ca/choices/
.
For further information about what data [m]PLATFORM holds about you, please click
here
.
Children’s Privacy
[m]PLATFORM’s Services are not directed at children (as defined by applicable law) or at Sites primarily directed to children. [m]PLATFORM does not knowingly collect information from children (determined in accordance with the age requirement for the applicable country). If you believe a child has provided us with personal data and would like to have the information removed, please contact us using any of the methods set forth below in the “
Contact Us
” section.
Transfer of Data In The Event Of Acquisition
In the event that another company acquires all or substantially all of our assets or all or substantially all of the assets of our Platform business through a consolidation, merger, asset purchase, corporate reorganization, or other transaction, we reserve the right to transfer all information or all Platform information, as applicable, that is in our possession or under our control to the acquiring party.
Information Security and Global Data Transfers
We follow generally accepted online advertising industry standards to protect against unauthorized access to, unlawful processing of, unauthorized retention of, and unauthorized disclosure of data. These standards include undertaking necessary physical, electronic, and management activities required to protect data integrity, access, and use. Please keep in mind, however, that despite these efforts to protect data on our servers, no method of transmission over the Internet is guaranteed to be secure.
[m]PLATFORM Services and the Platform are used globally and therefore we may transfer data to countries around the world, including countries outside your country. We will, where necessary, put in place appropriate safeguards to ensure such data is protected. When we transfer personal data from the EEA or Switzerland or the UK either to an affiliate or an unaffiliated entity (e.g. a service provider performing services on our behalf) outside the EEA or Switzerland or the UK, we enter into standard (“model”) contractual clauses with the recipient in order to ensure an appropriate level of data protection.
Data Retention
We maintain the information we collect through our Services in non-aggregated form for a period of not more than 13 months, and we retain much of this data for shorter periods of time. This data includes domain level information, content topics, ad interactions, browser type and language settings.  We maintain this information for the 13-month period to enable our clients to perform year-over-year analyses. For example, a retailer may wish to compare the effectiveness of its online advertising activities at Christmas for the current year vs. the effectiveness in the prior year. A 13-month retention period enables that client to perform such comparison.
We maintain information we collect through our Services in an aggregated form for a period longer than 13 months.
California
Section 1798.100 of the California Civil Code provides residents of California with additional rights with regard to their personal information. If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights regarding your personal information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The right to know about the personal information which we collect, use, disclose and/or sell
You have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal information, the categories of your personal information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal information.
The right to delete personal information which we have collected from you
You have the right to request the deletion of personal information that we collect or maintain about you.
The right to opt out of the sale of your personal information
You have a right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information. Please note that the “personal information” holds is tied to your browser and/or device. Therefore, if you upgrade or change web browsers, clear your cookies (i.e. delete the [m]PLATFORM cookies), or if your browser automatically deletes our cookies, you may need to renew your opt-out choice for that browser. Similarly, if your mobile device’s advertising identifier is reset or you buy or use a new device, you will need to renew your opt-out choice for that device.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercise of CCPA rights
[m]PLATFORM does not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your CCPA rights.
How to Exercise Your CCPA Rights
To submit a request to exercise any of these rights, please contact us by email at
privacy@choreograph.com
or by mail to Choreograph LLC, 175 Greenwich Street, 3 WTC, New York, NY 10007, USA, Attn: Privacy.
In order to process your request, we may need you to provide additional information to allow us to confirm your identity or the authority of any third party submitting the request on your behalf. We do this as a security precaution and to ensure that we do not disclose personal data to the wrong person.
Do Not Track
California law requires us to disclose how we respond to browser “Do Not Track” signals or other choice mechanisms relating to Interest-Based Advertising. We have not yet developed a response to browser “Do Not Track” signals, and do not change any of our data collection practices when we receive such signals. We will continue to evaluate potential responses to “Do Not Track” signals in light of industry developments or legal changes.
For more information on opting-out of Interest-Based Advertising, please see the “
Opt-Out/Right to Withdraw Consent
” section above.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Please note that because of the changing nature of privacy laws and regulations, digital technologies, and our business, we may modify this Privacy Notice from time to time. Please review this Privacy Notice periodically to become aware of any changes that may have occurred (we will update the effective date at the top of the page to help you know when changes have been made).
About Us
Other than when acting at the direction of a client or other third party, [m]PLATFORM is a data controller responsible for your personal data (as this term or similar term is defined by applicable law) when you interact with our Services.
Contact Us
Europe (Choreograph Limited )
By email to
dpo@choreograph.com
By post to Choreograph Limited, c/o GroupM, Sea Containers, 18 Upper Ground, London, United Kingdom, SE1 9GL Attn: Privacy
Worldwide (Choreograph LLC)
By email to
privacy@choreograph.com
By post to Choreograph, 175 Greenwich Street, 3 WTC, New York, NY 10007, USA, Attn: Privacy
Search
This website uses cookies. Some of which are necessary for the operation of the website and some of which are designed to improve your experience. You may adjust your cookie settings via your chosen browser tools. You can review the cookies, tags and pixels we use
here
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies certain services you have asked for cannot be provided. e.g. the ASP.NET cookie.
View Vendor Details‎
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information on the pages visited. These cookies collect information about how users use a website, for instance which pages users go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. They are only used to improve how the website works.
View Vendor Details‎
Functionality cookies
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience. These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal features. They may also be used to help provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity to other websites.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting cookies or advertising cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator's permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label