Dear Reader,
Privacy Policy
OVERVIEW
Dear Reader (“the game”) is a digital game created by the game development studio Local No.12, LLC (“Local No.12”) and distributed by Apple, inc (“Apple”). Local No.12 does not collect, store, or otherwise have access to any user game data or personal data. Any storage of data is for the sole purpose of the game to function properly, via Apple services; Local No. 12 does not have access to any data stored via these services.
DATA COLLECTED
The game collects the following data from players. None of this data is accessible by Local No.12 or by any third party. The only storage of player data is handled by Apple.
1. Non-identifiable user information relating to the game is stored locally on the player’s device and also in Apple iCloud. This data includes information about a player’s progress through the game, such as how many books a player has collected or a player’s chosen difficulty setting, and is necessary for players to be able to continue their game where they last stopped playing. This data is not stored by or accessible to Local No.12.
2. Apple Game Center collects information relating to Game Center achievements and leaderboards, which are accessed from a player’s local device and shared on Apple iCloud.
3. Device name data is collected by the game and stored by Apple, inc. in a player’s personal iCloud account in order to resolve conflicts between saved games by a single user on different devices. This data is not stored by or accessible to Local No.12.
DATA USE
The game does not make use of any data it collects other than to ensure the functioning of the game. The data is not collected by, stored by, used by, or accessible to Local No.12. The use of this data by the game includes the following:
1. Creating player accounts and profiles.
2. Enabling in-game features such as leaderboards and achievements.
3. Providing service communications and responding to service requests.
4. Ensuring security, operability, and legal compliance.
DISCLOSURES TO THIRD PARTIES
Local No.12 does not disclose to third parties any data relating to the game.
DATA RETENTION
Local No.12 does not retain or store player data. As long as a player has an active game account, their data, as outlined under Data Collected and Data Use above, is stored in Apple’s iCloud system. This stored data ensures that players can continue playing the game where they most recently stopped playing and is used for no other purpose than to ensure the functioning of the game.
PERMISSION AND DECLINING OR WITHDRAWING PERMISSION FOR DATA
Players may decline to store data in iCloud or to send data to Game Center. To turn off iCloud data storage, they must turn off iCloud in Apple Settings for our game. As a result, they will only be able to play in single player offline mode. To stop sending data to Game Center, they must sign out of Game Center in Apple Settings. As a result, they will not appear on leaderboards.
KIDS
Protecting the privacy of children is of the utmost important to us. The game has been designed to be family friendly and to be suitable for use by children. Local No.12 has limited the way in which data is collected to ensure compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection (COPPA) guidelines for the appropriate use of information collection and access to children’s personal information. If you have any questions or concerns relating to your child’s use of our app please contact us through one of the options provided at the bottom of this page.  You can learn more about COPPA and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act at
www.coppa.org
CONTACT INFORMATION
To contact Local No.12 regarding this privacy policy, please send an email to info@localno12.com. Local No.12 does not have the ability to actually delete player data or accounts, and such requests must be made to Apple itself.
DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
Applicable local law may provide players of the game with certain rights with respect to their data. These rights may include the ability to request access, correction or deletion of personal information from Apple.