SOLARMAN Business Privacy Policy
Update date: October 30, 2024
Effective date: October 11, 2023
Preamble
SOLARMAN Business is a PV plant monitoring platform provided by IGEN Tech Co., Ltd. (registered at Building H4, China IoT International Innovation Park, No. 6, Jingxian Road, Wuxi City, phone: 4001810512, Email: customerservice@solarmanpv.com. hereinafter also referred to as "we", “Controller” or "IGEN").
In order to explain how SOLARMAN Business will collect, use and store your personal information and what rights you have, we will explain the relevant matters to you through this guide, the main points are as follows:
We will explain the types of your personal information we collect and their corresponding uses one by one, so that you can understand the types of specific personal information we collect for a specific function, the reasons for use and the collection methods.
When you use certain functions, we will collect your personal information after obtaining your consent. If you use the scan code to identify datalogger, we will obtain your
camera permission
, and we will collect
phone location information
when you use the function of creating a plant. Unless it must be collected in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, refusing to provide this information will only make you unable to use the relevant specific functions, but will not affect your normal use of other functions of the SOLARMAN Business. Please refer to
"System Permission application and usage description"
We will not actively share or transfer your personal information to third parties outside IGEN. If there are other situations in which your personal information is shared or transferred, or you need us to share or transfer your personal information to a third party outside IGEN, we will directly obtain or confirm that the third party obtains your consent. The express consent of the above acts, except as otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations or due to the protection of user rights and the protection of ecological security of SOLARMAN Business. In addition, we will conduct risk assessments on the behavior of providing information externally.
We will not actively obtain your personal information from third parties outside IGEN. If it is necessary to obtain your personal information from a third party for business development, we will verify the legitimacy of the source in accordance with the law, or make it clear to you the source, type and scope of use of your personal information before obtaining it, If the personal information processing activities that SOLARMAN Business needs to carry out to conduct business are beyond the scope of your authorization and consent when you originally provided personal information to a third party, we will obtain your express consent before processing your personal information; in addition, we will strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations and require third parties to guarantee the legality of the information they provide.
You can access, modify, copy, delete your personal information through the methods listed in this guideline, and you can also withdraw your consent, delete your account, complain and report and other privacy functions.
In order to collect your information under this guideline, or to provide you with services, optimize our services and protect the security of your account, we will need to ask you for relevant permissions; sensitive permissions such as
location, camera, and album
are not enabled by default, and we will only use them within the scope of your consent after you expressly agree. For the system permissions you have authorized to us,
you can also inquire about the type and purpose of system permissions we have invoked or used in "Me - Settings - System Permissions", and you can also manage them uniformly.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account on the site.
It needs to be specially explained that our acquisition of a specific sensitive permission does not mean that we will necessarily collect your relevant information; Even if we have obtained sensitive permissions, we will only use it within the necessary scope, that is, during your use of related services or functions, we will collect your relevant information according to this guideline.
If you want to know more detailed information, please read the corresponding chapter according to the following index:
Information we collect and use
Storage of Information
Information Security
Information Sharing
Your Rights
Amendments
Others
Contact us
1. Information we collect and use
In the process of your use of the SOLARMAN Business we will collect and use the information you actively provide when using the service or generated due to the use of the service in the following ways:
1.1
When you register for the SOLARMAN Business
, we will collect and use your name, phone number or email. The purpose of collecting this information is to help you complete the functions of the SOLARMAN Business registration and protect the security of your account. If you do not provide such information, you may not be able to use our services normally. You can also choose to fill in the user name and other information according to your own needs.
1.2
During your use of SOLARMAN Business
, in order to ensure the normal operation of the services, optimize the user experience and protect your account security, we will collect the basic information necessary for SOLARMAN Business to provide services for you, including your device model, operating system, the device's MAC address, the unique device identifier (e.g. IMEI / MEID / IMSI / AndroidID / IDFA / IDFV / IDFV), WIFI status (e.g. SSID, BSSID) a string that the manufacturer assigns to your device to uniquely identify the device, login IP address, SOLARMAN Business version number, the method, type and status of network connection, network condition, device accelerators (such as gravity sensor), operation logs, service logs (your searches and views in SOLARMAN Business, service failures, referral URLs, etc.), and other information.
1.3
When you use the monitoring function
, in order to allow you to see the complete monitoring data, we need to collect the SN of the datalogger under the plant and the SN of its sub-devices (such as inverters, meters, etc.). At the same time, our monitoring system will collect the uploaded data of the datalogger and its sub-devices every 5 minutes to complete the necessary data statistics and analysis functions. In addition, in order to provide you with support and service in time and solve problems quickly, we will collect the following telemetry data, including device serial number, device status, and alarm codes, for the device manufacturer's diagnosis of faults in case of device failure.
1.4
When you create a plant
, you need to enter the plant name, region, capacity, address, GPS location, etc. This information will be uploaded and stored in our server so that you can use it when you log in to SOLARMAN Business on other devices. You can also modify this information at any time.
1.5
When you make a call in the app
, we will apply for the phone permission. The purpose of applying for this permission is only to help you hoist the phone dial pad and display the phone number, so that you can make phone calls in the APP, please rest assured, we will not obtain your phone number, call content, or make calls without your knowledge. If you refuse to authorize to provide, you will not be able to use this function, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of the SOLARMAN Business.
1.6
When you navigate in the app
, we will apply for location permission and collect the installed navigation APP in the phone device. The purpose of applying for this permission is only to help you hoist the navigation APP and transmit the location of the plant to the navigation APP. so that you can navigate to the location of the plant in the APP. If you refuse to authorize to provide, you will not be able to use this function, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of the SOLARMAN Business.
1.7
When you contact our customer service
, we may require you to provide the necessary personal information for authentication to ensure the security of your account. In order to provide services according to your demands, after your authorization, the human customer service personnel need to query or verify your relevant information within the scope of your authorization. We will take technical and management measures to ensure the security and confidentiality of your information as much as possible, and use this information within the necessary scope. We may also save your contact information (such as the phone number, WeChat account, QQ number or other contact information you use or provide), the record and content of your communication with us, and other necessary information in order to provide you with and record customer service.
1.8 According to the requirements of applicable laws, regulations, and standards, we may collect and use your personal information without seeking your consent if:
a) The information is required for the personal information controller to fulfill their obligations imposed by laws and regulations;
b) The information is directly related to national security or national defense;
c) The information is directly related to public safety, public health, or major public interests;
d) The information has been made public by yourself;
e) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
1.9 To ensure the security of our services and to help us better understand how our Apps are performing, we may log information such as how often you use the Apps, crash data, overall usage, performance data, and the source of the Apps. We do not merge the information we store in our analytics software with any personally identifiable information you provide in the app.
1.10 If we use your personal information beyond the purpose authorized by you, we will inform you again and obtain your express consent before using your personal information.
1.11 Currently, SOLARMAN Business will not obtain your personal information from a third party outside IGEN. If in the future, it is necessary for us to indirectly obtain your information from a third party for business development, we will inform you of the source from which we will collect such information, which information we will collect, and to what extent we will use such information before obtaining the information. If we need to use your personal information collected from a third party beyond the extent to which you authorize the third party to use your information, we will seek your express consent before processing such information. We will strictly abide by the applicable laws and regulations, and require the third party to ensure the legality of the information it provides to us.
1.12 To ensure the proper and efficient functioning of our website or mobile application, we store small data files called cookies on your web browser or mobile application. The content of a cookie can only be retrieved or read by the server that created it. Each cookie is unique to your web browser or mobile application. Using cookies can help you save yourself from having to repeatedly fill in personal information, enter search content and steps and processes (example: form filling, search history). You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. Most browsers or mobile phone operating systems provide users with the function of clearing cached data. You can perform corresponding data clearing operations in the browser settings or mobile phone operating system settings. However, you may not be able to fully experience some of our convenience and security service functions.
1.13 Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a function or service does not inform you of the processing rules for collecting and using your information in the foregoing description, we will use page prompts, interactive procedures, The website announcement and other means will inform you of the scope, purpose and method of information collection separately, in order to obtain your consent.
2. Storage of Information
2.1 Where information is stored
IGEN is a global company. In order to better comply with data protection laws and protect personal data, we have established a data center in Europe for data storage. We also operate internationally, which means that we may have access to IGEN's data center in Europe for the provision of services. Where personal data of users in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK is being transferred to a country or region which has not been acknowledged by the EU commission as having an adequate level of data protection, we ensure that the data transfer is adequately safeguarded by standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission and (if necessary) adopting other additional appropriate technical measures.
2.2 Information storage duration
In general, we will keep your personal information for a period that is necessary to fulfill a certain purpose, for example:
Phone number or email：We'll keep your phone number or email (including the number or email used for registering your SOLARMAN Business account and that linked to the account) during your use of SOLARMAN Business services to ensure your normal use of the services,  Such information will be deleted with the deletion of your SOLARMAN Business account.
Plant information: When you create plant, we need to save your plant information to ensure that you can use the monitoring function normally. When you delete your plant information, we will delete the corresponding information.
In the event that we discontinue providing our products or services, we will notify you of such change by sending a notification, posting an announcement, or other means, and delete or anonymize your personal information within a reasonable period ("Anonymization" refers to the irreversible erasure or removal of personal information that leads to the information owner being identified. Any anonymized information shall not be considered as personal information).
3. Information Security
We are committed to protecting users' information against theft, improper use, unauthorized access, or leakage.
We will use various security measures within a reasonable level of security to ensure the security of information. For example, we will use encryption technologies (such as SSL/TLS), de-identification, anonymization and other methods to protect your personal information.
We will enhance the security of the software installed on your device using ever-improving technical means to prevent your personal information from leakage. For example, we will perform partial information encryption on your device for secure data transmission; collect the information about the apps installed or the processes running on your device, or the data stored in the device memory to defend against viruses, Trojans, or other malicious programs or websites; analyze and use the data such as unique device identifiers, login IP addresses, operation logs, and location information to take measures or issue alerts to prevent against illegal acts including Internet scam, account theft, and impersonation, and to carry out security inspection.
We have the relevant management policies, processes, and teams in place to ensure information security. For example, We strictly restrict personnel who can access the information, require them to comply with confidentiality obligations, and conduct personnel audits.
In the event of information leakage or any other incident related to information security, we will make immediate response to such incident to avoid the worsening of the incident and prevent it further affecting more users, and will notify you of the incident by sending you a notification or posting an announcement.
In terms of information security, SOLARMAN Business has passed the grading, filing and annual evaluation of the classified protection of cybersecurity (level 3),and has met and obtained ISO 27001 Information Security Management System Certification.
We will take all possible technical and organisational measures to protect your information
but we cannot guarantee that our measures will eliminate all security risks.
Notice on Cross-Border Data Use
To better serve global users, this application connects to designated data centers based on user location. Data from users in China will be stored in a China-based data center, while data from overseas users will be stored in an international data center to ensure secure and compliant data access.
Purpose of Connection:
To ensure the secure storage and transmission of data for overseas users, data from overseas users will be processed through an international server.
Method of Connection:
The application intelligently selects the appropriate data center based on user location and connects to the designated server using encryption to ensure data security.
Scope of Connection:
Connections to overseas IP addresses are strictly for meeting the data needs of overseas users. Data from users in China will not be connected to or stored in overseas servers.
4. Information Sharing
4.1 In order to do a good job in after-sales service of device, device manufacturers and their distributors can access your plant through the device library, products and other functions. The specific operation method is to click "Check System" in the device list of the device library and product. We will use read-only permission to authorise the plant to the device manufacturer anddistributors. You can also see the authorized device manufacturers and distributors in the plant detail - authorization information. If you do not want these bussinesses to see your plant, you can delete these businesses in the plant detail - authorization information. If you do not want these device manufacturer and its distributors to access your plant by clicking "Check System", you can open it in the plant detail - authorization information - authorization settings "Plant authorization restrictions" ,so that device manufacturers and their distributors cannot access your plant unless you actively authorize plant to them. The plant detail - authorization information includes personal information and device information. Personal information includes name, phone number(if available), email address(if available).
4.2 In order to ensure the realization of some independent functions and enable you to use and enjoy more services and functions, we will embed third-party SDKs in the application, and we will carefully evaluate the purpose of using such SDKs. For more information on the purpose, method and scope of SDK processing of personal information, please refer to
"Third Party Sharing Checklist"
.
With the continuous development of our business, IGEN may conduct mergers, divisions and other transactions. If it involves the transfer of personal information, we will inform you of the relevant circumstances, and continue to protect or require new processors continue to protect your personal information.
5. Your Rights
During your use of SOLARMAN Business, in order to make it easier for you to access, copy, correct and delete your personal information, as well as to protect your right to withdraw your consent to the processing of personal information and to deactivate your account, we have provided you with the appropriate operational settings in the product design, which you can refer to the following procedures to operate. In addition, we have set up channels for complaints and requests for clarification , and your comments and requests will be dealt with promptly.
The operation procedures may vary with different operating systems or different SOLARMAN Business versions. We may adjust the operation procedures from time to time to optimize user experience. Therefore, the following procedures are for reference only. If you still have any questions about the ways and means of exercising relevant rights, you can contact us through the methods disclosed in Article 8 of these Rules.
5.1 Access and copy personal information
5.1.1 Access basic information such as avatar, name, etc.:
1) After entering SOLARMAN Business, tap "Me";
2) Tap avatar bar;
3) Access your information.
5.1.2 Access phone number, email, username, password:
1) After entering SOLARMAN Business, tap "Me";
2) Tap "Settings";
3) Tap "Account Security";
4) Access your information.
5.1.3 Access and copy personal information:
1) After entering SOLARMAN Business, tap "Me";
2) Tap "Settings";
3) Tap "View and Export My Information";
4) Tap "View and Export My Information", to make a copy of your personal information and send it to the email address you specify.
5.1.4 Access Third Party Sharing Checklist：
1) After entering SOLARMAN Business, tap "Me";
2) Tap "Settings";
3) Tap "Third Party Sharing Checklist".
5.2 Delete personal information
5.2.1 Delete plant:
1) After entering SOLARMAN Business, enter the plant detail, tap "…" icon in the upper right corner;
2) Tap "Delete Plant".
5.3 Change personal information
5.3.1 Change avatar, name:
1) After entering SOLARMAN Business, tap "Me";
2) Tap avatar bar;
3) Make changes.
5.3.2 Change phone number, email, username, password:
1) After entering SOLARMAN Business, tap "Me";
2) Tap "Settings";
3) Tap "Account Security";
4) Make changes.
5.4 Function and permission management
5.4.1 Deauthorize to other businesses:
1) After entering SOLARMAN Business, enter the plant detail - authorizations;
2) Tap "Delete" in the list of authorized businesses.
5.4.2 System Permissions:
1) After entering SOLARMAN Business, tap "Me";
2) Tap "Settings";
3) Tap "System Permissions";
4) Tap "Go to system settings".
5.5 Delete account
5.5.1 Delete SOLARMAN Business account：
1) After entering SOLARMAN Business, tap "Me";
2) Tap "Settings";
3) Tap "Account Security";
4) Tap "Account Cancellation".
5.6 Complaints
1) After entering SOLARMAN Business, tap "Me";
2) Tap "Customer Service".
5.7 Privacy feature settings
5.7.1 Set whether device manufacturers and their distributors can access your plant through the device library and products:
1) After entering SOLARMAN Business, enter the plant detail - authorizations;
2) Tap "Authorization settings" ;
3) Tap to open "Allow third parties to access the plant", then the device manufacturer and its distributors will not be able to access your plant through the device library and products;
4) Tap to close "Allow third parties to access the plant", then the device manufacturer and its distributors can access your plant through the device library and products.
5.8 Right to restriction of processing
To the extent required by applicable law, you may have the right, under certain circumstances, to ask us to restrict how we process your personal information, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you, for a period of time enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal information.
5.9 Right to object
To the extent required by applicable law, you may have the right to object to our processing of your personal information. If you decide to object to the processing of your personal information, we will stop processing personal information concerning you.
6. Amendments
This Policy may be updated, revised, amended, or modified as appropriate from time to time. In the event of any updates, changes, or amendments to any provisions in this Policy, we will provide you with the changed policy by pushing a notification, showing a pop-up, or other means when you log in to SOLARMAN Business or the app version is updated.
7. Others
Under certain specific services or functions of the SOLARMAN Business, we may also inform you of the purpose, method or scope of processing personal information through interactive copywriting, product interface or pop-up window. In case of inconsistency, the content notified separately shall prevail.
8. Contact us
To better protect your personal data, we have appointed a Data Protection Officer. If you have any questions or requests regarding this Privacy Statement or the Data Protection Officer, you may contact them as follows:
Email: jiatong.li@igen-tech.com
We will review the issue as soon as possible and respond within 30 days of receiving your request or complaint feedback. The period of later process is generally not more than 90 days. If we encounter special situations, we will inform you of processing time and reasons for the delay within 30 days of receiving your requests.