You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Website Terms of Use
Welcome to
the Lyons Takeaway
website. This site
lyonsfood.ie
(“
Website
”) is provided for you to access, browse, order, purchase or register with
ATVIEW Enterprise LImited
, operating as
Lyons Takeaway
(each and together “
Restaurant
” or “
we
”).
The Website is operated by Vita Mojo International LTD ("
Operator
"), a private limited company registered in England and Wales, under company number 09852472, with registered office at FAO FKGB, 201 Haverstock Hill, Belsize Park, London, England, NW3 4QG. You can contact Vita Mojo via email:
support@vmos.io
.
Each order will be considered as a separate agreement. By using the Website, users (“
you
” or “
the Customer
”) confirm acceptance of the following terms between you, the Restaurant and the Operator, and you agree to abide by them, and any additional terms referred to herein, in full (“
Terms
”).
We may change these Terms from time to time. Any updates to the Terms will be posted on this page. Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make to the Terms. Your continued use of the Website will also constitute your acceptance of any such updates.
We process information we collect from you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. The Operator processes information they collect from you in accordance with Lyons Privacy Policy. By using the Website, you consent to this processing and confirm that the data provided by you is accurate.
If you do not agree with the Terms or any part of the Terms, you must not use the Website.
Orders
The services and products purchased on the Website include, but are not limited to, food and beverages provided by
Lyons Takeaway
.
Orders may be made:
in advance
in store
for in-person collection; or
for delivery.
All purchases are provided at the prices in force at the time your order is completed, as communicated to you prior to the placing of the order. You will need to provide online payment before an order can be prepared.
You must be aged 18 or older to use the Website.
An order is considered complete once you have provided your payment information and confirmed the order. At such time, you will also be asked to tick a box, acknowledging your confirmation of these Terms.
For questions or issues pertaining to the products or services procured through the Website, please contact
info@lyonsfood.ie
.
Payments
All payments you make through the Website will be processed using a third-party payment processor. The Operator is the Merchant of Record for the Website.
Cancellations & Refunds
By placing an order, you directly enter into an agreement with the Restaurant for the delivery of the offer selected by you.
We understand that sometimes you may need to cancel an order, and we will do our best to accommodate this.
You may cancel an order without charge at any time before the Restaurant has started preparing the order (a "Started Order"). If you wish to cancel an order before it becomes a Started Order, please contact the Restaurant immediately. If you cancel any order after it becomes a Started Order, you will not be entitled to a refund.
For party orders, we are unable to cancel them once they have been placed.
Scheduled orders can be cancelled if you contact us prior to the order becoming a Started Order.
The Restaurant may notify you that an order has been cancelled at any time. You will not be charged for any orders cancelled by the Restaurant, and the Restaurant will reimburse you for any payment already made using the same method you used to pay for your order.
In the event that there is a problem with the quality of the products in your order, you may also be entitled to a refund.
Subject to any statutory rights you may have as a consumer, we cannot offer refunds and cancellations for all orders. Accordingly, notwithstanding our policy on cancellation of orders as set out above, you do not benefit from a cooling off period.
All requests regarding cancellations and refunds must be
made via phone on +353 (0) 52 6125153.
Complaints
If you need to submit a complaint regarding your order, please contact us
at info@lyonsfood.ie
.
Permitted Use of the Website
Any visit and/or use of the Website constitutes acceptance of these Terms. Any updates to the Terms will be posted on this page. Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make to the Terms. Your continued use of the Website will also constitute your acceptance of any such updates. It is your responsibility to ensure that you are always aware of the most current version of these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you should not use the Website.
Access to the Website is on a temporary basis, and both we and the Operator may amend the information, withdraw, or suspend the Website and/or the services on the Website without notice.
When using the website, you are responsible for:
arranging your own access to the Website; and
ensuring that anyone that accesses the Website through your internet connection is aware of and complies with the Terms.
You are permitted to:
print one copy and download extracts of any pages from the Website for personal reference only, provided that you do not modify the hard or soft copies of any materials you have;
link to the Website’s home page, provided that the link is on a website owned by you which complies with the standards set out in Clause 5, but we reserve the right to withdraw this permission without notice.
Prohibited Use of the Website:
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and not in any way that breaches any applicable law or regulation.
You may not:
reproduce, duplicate, copy or resell the Website, or use any part of the materials on the Website for commercial purposes;
use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences, or any graphics from the Website without the accompanying text;
frame the Website on any other website;
link to the Website in a way that suggests any form of association, approval or endorsement on behalf of the Restaurant or the Operator where none exists;
Link to the Website in a way that may exploit or damage the reputation of either the Restaurant or the Operator;
attempt to gain unauthorised access to the server on which the Website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Website;
access, interfere with, damage or disrupt any part of the Website or any equipment or network on which the Website is stored or any software used in the provision of the Website;
directly or indirectly misuse the Website by knowingly or fraudulently introducing viruses, ransomware or other material which is malicious, harmful or which disrupts the current operation of the Website;
attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack or access or obstruct our Website in any way, including by acting alone or as part of a group;
use the Website for harming or attempting to harm any individual;
use the Website to send, receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with the standards set out in this Clause 5;
use the Website to transmit or procure any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam); or
create liability for or cause damage to us or the Operator in any way.
If a feature allows you to upload material to the Website, or make contact with other users of the Website, then any contribution that you make must be accurate (where it states facts), genuinely held (where it states opinions) and comply with applicable laws in any country from which it is posted.
However, you may not upload anything to the Website which:
contains defamatory, obscene, offensive, hateful, or inflammatory, violent or sexually explicit material;
promotes discrimination;
infringes any intellectual property rights or is in breach of any obligation owed to a third party;
is false, inaccurate or misleading;
is (or could considered to be) threatening, cause annoyance, harassment, distress, embarrassment, alarm, inconvenience or needless anxiety to any other person;
invades another person’s privacy, or
could be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or give the impression that they are affiliated with the Restaurant or the Operator.
Both the Restaurant and the Operator have the right to:
use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any material that you upload to the Website for any purpose;
disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material uploaded by you constitutes a violation or breach of their rights; and
remove any material or posting you make on the Website.
Neither we nor the Operator will be responsible for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of the Website and we do not actively monitor such materials. We and the Operator have the right to remove any material or posting you make on our Website. If you believe that any content which is distributed or published on or by the Website is inappropriate, defamatory, or infringing on intellectual property rights, you should contact us immediately and we will promptly review your request in order to take appropriate action.
Intellectual Property Rights
Vita Mojo is a trademark of the Operator, and the Operator is the licensee of all intellectual property rights related to the Website, excluding the branded content and material published to the Website by the Restaurant.
All such rights are protected by copyright laws, and treaties around the world.
All such rights are reserved.
This status (and that of any contributors) as author of material on the Website must be acknowledged.
Where the Website contains links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Neither we nor the Operator have control over the contents of those websites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Neither we nor the Operator endorse or make any warranties or representations about other such websites, or any information, software, products or materials found on said websites, or any results that may be obtained from your use of them.
Suspension & termination
Both we and the Operator will determine, at our discretion, whether there has been a breach of these Terms by you and, in such cases, we may take such action as we deem appropriate, including without limitation:
withdrawal of your right to use the Website;
removal of any unacceptable, infringing, defamatory or inappropriate material uploaded by you to the Website;
legal proceedings or legal action against you; and/or
disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we or the Operator reasonably feel is necessary.
Liability
Both we and the Operator exclude liability for actions taken in response to any breach by you of these Terms.
The materials posted on the Website are not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. The Restaurant and the Operator therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed by anyone on such materials.
The material displayed on the Website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy, availability or completeness. To the extent permitted by law, both we and the Operator hereby expressly exclude:
all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by law;
any liability whatsoever incurred by any user in connection with the Website or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of the Website, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
You agree that the following items shall, without limitation, constitute indirect losses which are incapable of recovery: loss of data, anticipated savings, profits, contracts, business (or business opportunity), income, revenue, goodwill, reputation, or wasted management time.
Our and the Operator’s liability is fully excluded to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and where such amount cannot be zero, our total aggregate liability to you and any third party arising out of or in connection with these Terms or our Website and any services or materials available on it shall be capped at EUR 100.00 (one hundred Euros).
Nothing in these Terms excludes or limits our or the Operator’s liability for (i) death or personal injury arising from our negligence, (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, (iii) wilful misconduct or serious fault, or (iv) any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Neither we nor the Operator will be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses, or other harmful material due to your use of the Website, or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
The Operator shall not be liable for any loss, damage, harm or delay related to the products or services ordered or purchased through the Website.
The Operator publishes the offering on the Website on behalf of the Restaurants, in accordance with the information provided by the Restaurants. The Operator accepts no responsibility or liability for the content of the offering and the information on the Website.
Severability
The unenforceability or invalidity of any clause in these Terms shall not have an impact on the enforceability or validity of any other clause. Any unenforceable or invalid clause shall be regarded as removed from the Terms to the extent of its unenforceability and invalidity. Therefore, the Terms shall be interpreted and enforced as if it did not contain the said clause to the extent of its unenforceability and invalidity.
Dispute Resolution
If you have a dispute with us, we always welcome the possibility of resolving it amicably, so please Contact Us.
Pursuant to the provisions of Art. 14.1 of EU Regulation No. 524/2013, we inform you that the European Commission provides an online platform for dispute resolution, which is available at the following link:
http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/
Jurisdiction & Applicable Law
The courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to the Website, although both we and the Operator retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
These Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.