Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Simple Meal Planner
This app is an IOS app for a free simple meal planner, allowing you to plan a full week of meals together with the shopping list  for all the ingredients of all the meals.
On opening the app you are taken to the weekly planner showing three meals each day. The icons on the top right allow you to view are shareable/printable copy of the plan or the shopping list (basket icon).
The basket icob will take you to the shopping list, the + icon will allow you to add further items to your list that are not included in meals, e.g coffee or tea or other items such as non edibles. This allows you to have a single list for the week.
A list of meals can be added to be used multiple times or used the next week, an icon can identify those as breakfast, lunch or dinner and new meals added using the + icon.
For each meal a list of ingredients can be chosen, using your favorite recipes but excluding ingredients you do not require.  New ingredients can be added and related icons selsected to make each type easy to identify, such as chilled items and fruit and veg.
This app also has a settings page which will allow you to choose a variety of colour schemes, or to change the font used on the printable/shareable planner and shopping list.
For any queries please contact us at the following email: -
saeproductions@icloud.com
Privacy Policy:
Data that you store in this app will not be sent to us or any third party or stored by us or any other third party (other than Apple as part of your usual backup procedures) at any time.
If you email us we will not use your email address for any purpose other than to reply to any requests you make. We will delete your email addresss upon request.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it