HOME
FREE APPS (iOS)
►
Tags App
To Do List App
Countdown App – Day Counter
Random Number Generator App
Counter App
Cat App – Meowly
PRO APPS (iOS)
►
Tags Pro App
Counter Pro
Random Number Generator Pro
MAC APPS
►
Eye Timer
Stickers
Blog
Support
ABOUT
Counter App Privacy Policy
Last Modified: Apr 21 2021
This Privacy Policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their Information, data and content is being used inside our
Counter iOS app
(“App”, “our App”, “the App”). Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Information in accordance with our app. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the third-party online/mobile store from which you install the Application or make payments, which may also collect and use data about you. We are not responsible for any of the data collected by any such third party.
Information Gathering and Usage
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you – such as your name, address, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address, etc. – unless you choose to complete registration and become a Member and affirmatively consent to our collection of such personally identifiable information. We do not collect personally identifiable information if you subscribe to our app Subscriptions.
We may collect your email address ONLY if you opt-in to our mailing list or write an email to us. The app can collect aggregated, anonymous user data regarding app usage (also via third-party services). We may use information collected about you via the Application to: Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties; Deliver targeted advertising, coupons, newsletters, and other information regarding promotions and the Application to you; Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and other transactions related to the Application, Increase the efficiency and operation of the Application; Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the Application, Notify you of updates to the Application; Offer new products, services, mobile application, and/or recommendations to you; Request feedback and contact you about your use of the Application; Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems, Respond to product and customer service requests; Send you a newsletter. We can also collect data regarding App usage, like data about crashes, the number of users, popular sections, activities in the App, etc. This data is never personally identifiable. WE CAN NOT ACCESS OR COLLECT YOUR CONTENT. Unless you contact us for support or subscribe to our mailing list we don’t know who you are.
Third-party Links
The app can contain third party links inside the app or ads. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked resources.
App Purchases
The App can contain In-App Purchases and Subscriptions.
Push Notifications
We may request to send you push-notifications. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
Use of App Analytics Services and third party Software
We can use third-party Software and services such as Google Analytics or other services to collect and analyze how people use the App. This data helps us improve The App. These third parties may collect information about your usage of our applications in accordance with their respective privacy policies. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations.
Content Backups and Possible Content Loss cases
There are no backups for your Content in our App. When you create your Content, it is created and stored on your device. The application is designed to minimise possible Content data loss, but we do not exclude that, when using the application, there can be cases of partial or complete Content data loss.
Recommendations and Disclaimer (Content)
DEVELOPERS and APP CREATORS DO NOT RECOMMEND storing particularly valuable information or any other valuable information in the App, since this data (Content) cannot be recovered if it is lost. If you store valuable information, you store it at your own risk. Using our app YOU AGREE that developer and App creator IS NOT RESPONSIBLE for the loss of your Content. Developer and App creator is not legally responsible for the risks and any damages associated with the loss of your Content.
Changes
This Privacy Policy can be changed without prior written notice at any time. We will update the “Last Modified” date above. Please check Privacy Policy inside the App’s Menu periodically to check changes.
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at info@adelmaer.com
Subscribe to get the latest News about iPhone and iPad Apps
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
×