CALEX HOLLAND
Meet the creators
of ambiance
Day in and day out, we are passionately to create solutions that not only enhance your home but also support a smarter lifestyle.
The best of style and technology in your home!
Discover the power of light and innovation with Calex! Transform your home into an oasis of ambiance and smart technology.
CREATORS OF
AMBIANCE
Smart home
Take control of your lighting with Calex's Smart Home. Effortlessly adjust brightness, color, and ambiance to match any moment. Our smart products offer convenience, energy efficiency, and seamless integration, putting the perfect lighting at your fingertips.
Decorative
Calex's decorative lighting enhances any space with unique ambiance and character, offering styles that transform rooms into inviting, inspiring environments.
Functional
These light sources transform every room into a well-lit whole. Focused on functional use, we emphasize quality and broad applicability. We ensure that each lamp is not only functional but also aesthetically pleasing and suitable for various styles and interiors.
Luminaires
The perfect lamp also includes a matching luminaire. The products in this category enhance the appearance of our lamps. Designed for effortless integration, our luminaires come with user-friendly features that make installation easy.
Access all your Calex Smart Home products through a single app.
Easily control all your smart devices with your smartphone or tablet.
Lighting
Comfort
Energy
Outdoor lighting
Security
Easy Installation
With the revamped Calex Smart App, you can effortlessly and quickly integrate all your smart Calex devices into your personal network. The convenience of this process eliminates the need for an additional hub.
Maximize comfort and productivity
Automation in 2 clicks
Streamline your daily routines by automating your lighting for specific times and days. Easily manage your schedule through the Calex Smart Home Application, Siri Shortcuts, Google Home, and Amazon Alexa, and personalize your home to your own taste and preference.
Smart Lighting
Adjust the atmosphere to the moment
Morning
Evening
Party
Romance
Discover our extensive collections
FUNCTIONAL
Party & Outdoor Lighting
SMART HOME
Smart bulbs
DECORATIVE
Magneto
SECURITY
Smart Home security
OUTDOOR SMART HOME
Smart outdoor lighting
INDOOR SMART HOME
Smart lighting for indoor
DECORATIVE
Silk
Follow our socials
Stay up-to-date with the latest lighting trends, inspiring interior ideas, and exclusive content by following us on social media.
Follow our socials
Stay up-to-date with the latest lighting trends, inspiring interior ideas, and exclusive content by following us on social media.
Need assistance from an expert?
Find the solution with our knowledgeable customer service team.
Chat with us
Call us
E-mail us
Knowledge base
Lookbooks
Browse through our lookbooks and discover Calex's collections.
Get inspired
Stay warm this Winter with Calex SMART Heaters
CALEX
Calex and Electro Cirkel support the Giovanni van Bronckhorst Foundation
CALEX
Calex Online Community
Become a part of the vibrant Calex Community! By following us, you'll gain access to a world of exciting giveaways, interactive livestreams, and endless product inspiration that enriches your life. But that's not all – we also provide exclusive
insights, tips
, and an opportunity to participate in unique Calex events. So, what are you waiting for? Join us and discover the many benefits of the Calex Community today!
Close Cookie Popup
Cookie Settings
By clicking "Accept All Cookies," you consent to the storage of cookies on your device. This enables us to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage  and improve your browsing experience. For more information, please refer to our
cookie policy and privacy page.
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Settings
Close Cookie Preference Manager
Cookie Settings
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage and assist in our marketing efforts.
More info
Strictly Necessary (Always Active)
Cookies required to enable basic website functionality.
Marketing
Cookies used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests.
Personalization
Cookies allowing the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in).
Analytics
Cookies helping understand how this website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues.
Accept All Cookies
Save Settings