HARMONYBIT PRIVACY POLICY
HARMONYBIT LTD (“Harmonybit”, “we”, “us” or “our”)
is a company registered in the Republic of Cyprus with company number HE 3920773 and a registered address at Spyrou Kyprianou, 79, PROTOPAPAS BUILDING, 2nd floor, Flat/Office 201, 3076, Limassol, Cyprus. We develop and publish applications and games for mobile devices.
We are a data controller and are responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention and protection of your “personal data” (which has the meaning as set out in the General Data Protection Regulation (the “
Data Protection Laws
”)).
When you use Harmonybit’s “Luvly: Face Yoga & Exercises”, “Dancebit: Weight Loss at Home”, “Video Puzzles – Magic Puzzle” games, and the “My Water” and “Astrospot: horoscope matches, daily predictions” or other apps or our corporate websites available at
https://harmonybit.com
and at
facetory.beauty
(each being, our “Platform”, collectively, the “Platforms”), we may collect, store and process some data, including personal data. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets out the main principles on which the data collected from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. This Privacy Policy also aims to remind you about your rights and to provide you with all the elements you need to exercise them. For data protection laws in the Republic of Cyprus, we are the controller of your personal data.
If you have any questions related to this Privacy Policy or our practices around privacy and data protection in general, please don’t hesitate to contact us.
BY USING THE PLATFORMS, YOU PROMISE US THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. If you do not agree, or are unable to make this promise, you must not use the Platforms. In such case, you must (a) delete your account using the functionality found in “Settings” in the App, or contact us and request deletion of your data; (b) cancel any subscriptions using the functionality provided by Apple (if you are using iOS) or Google (if you are using Android); and (c) delete the App from your devices.
I.
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT AND PROCESS?
When you visit our Platform, you may provide us with the following types of data, and we may collect and process such data in accordance with his Privacy Policy, as follows:
Contact Data
This may include your name and your email address. This information will be collected by us if you communicate with us, for example if you use the links on our Platforms to communicate with us via email.
Account Data
If you create an account on our Platforms (including the creation of a Gismart ID) to benefit from our Platforms, you may need to provide your name, email address, phone number and your photograph. If you use Facebook or Google to log in to our Platforms, Facebook [or Google] will share data with us including but not limited to your profile data, language, location and publicly available information about you and your friends.
Physical Data
This may include your gender identity, weight, age, date, place and time of birth, zodiac sign, photos (palm, face, etc.), sleep time.
Social Data
This includes relationship status, duration of relationship (if any).
Correspondence Data
This includes the information you provide when you request support through our Platform, contact us via the email address provided in this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on our website and your views, opinions and feedback which you choose to provide in relation to the Platform and our services, including any comment facilities and message boards.
Session Data
This includes your IP address, your device’s unique identifier details, browser details including version, device operating system, geolocation, time zone setting and time/date of access requests, the amount of data transmitted and the requesting provider. We may also capture other information about visits to our Platform such as pages viewed and traffic patterns.
Cookie Data
Cookies are small files which are downloaded to your device when accessing our platform. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. Please refer to paragraph 4 below for further details about our use of cookies.
Preference data
This includes any information you choose to provide us.
Payment data
Our Platforms include purchases directly in the application (including subscriptions)  and/or purchases directly through our website. If you want to make a purchase in the application, you may do this with the help of payment system provided by Google Play (managed by Google) or AppStore (managed by Apple) and integrated into the apps. The in-app payment system is managed by the Google Play/AppStore administration or its authorized partner. Under no circumstances do we collect or process any information related to your payment instruments, such as bank card number, its validity term or your name as written on it. When you purchase directly through our website, including subscription, you authorize us to have our payment processor collect this information. We do not store such information on our servers.
II.
INFORMATION WE USE BUT NOT COLLECT
In order to make possible for you to use certain functions of “Luvly: Face Yoga & Exercises” app, we will process data obtained from your device (iOS devices with a front-facing TrueDepth camera) through the use of the Apple Software (through TrueDepth API technologies (ARKit Framework)) that will provide us information about such human faces’ position, orientation and their topology. Information related to human faces obtained through the use of the Apple Software (ARKit) are the “Face Data”. The Face Data shall be considered the personal data.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in other Sections of this Privacy Policy in relation to the personal data, we do not:
• collect, store, share or transfer the Face Data off the User devices;
• use the Face Data to identify any particular individual user;
• use the Face Data for authentication, advertising, or marketing purposes, or to otherwise target a user in a similar manner;
• use the Face Data to build a user profile, or otherwise attempt, facilitate, or encourage third parties to identify anonymous users or reconstruct user profiles based on the Face Data;
• transfer, share, sell, or otherwise provide the Face Data to advertising platforms, analytics providers, data brokers, information resellers or other such parties.
You hereby express your informed written consent on processing of your Face Data as described in this Section 2 of the Privacy Policy.
III.
HOW DO WE USE DATA?
When you use our Platforms, we can collect and process some of your data for different legitimate purposes. You will find below explanations regarding the reasons why we may collect data and the legal bases we rely on in each case.
Data we use:
Purpose:
Lawful Basis:
Contact Data
To respond to communications that you send to us
Necessary for the performance of a contract where such communication relates specifically to our Services, otherwise legitimate interests so that we can respond to your query
To market products and services to you only where you have requested that we do so, or otherwise provided your explicit consent (either via our website, by emailing us or by accepting push notifications on your device)
Consent
Customer relationship management (“CRM”) purposes
Necessary for the performance of a contract
To enable social functionality, such as giving you the option to follow your contacts on the Platforms.
Consent
Account Data
To enable you to personalize your use of our services;
Necessary for the performance of a contract
To enable you to save and maintain your profile and administer your account with us; and
To enable us to identify you.
Physical Data
To analyze the audience, sleep time
Necessary for the performance of a contract
To configure water rate per day
Necessary for the performance of a contract
To provide entertainment services related to astrology, palmistry, numerology, horoscopes, relationship advice
Necessary for the performance of a contract
To improve algorithms efficiency, accuracy and quality of suggestions related to face scanning features to work.
Necessary for the performance of a contract
Social Data
To provide entertainment services related to astrology, horoscopes, relationship advice
Necessary for the performance of a contract
Correspondence Data
To help address issues you raise with us and to improve the Platforms and our services.
Legitimate interests
Session Data
To administer, maintain and improve the Platform and our services, including identifying you or your device across our Platform and apps.
Legitimate interests
To identify and respond to potential risks to the security of our Platforms (for example spammers, phishing attempts, screen scraping and other actions which may violate our Terms of Use).
Preference Data
To infer your interests, including serving and suggesting content that you might like, and tailoring advertising to you based on such preferences.
Legitimate interests
IV.
DATA RETENTION
a.
By using our Platform, you consent for us to store your personal data in line with legal, regulatory, financial and good-practice requirements.
b.
The period for which we may retain your personal data will depend on the type of personal data collected, the purposes for which it was collected, applicable limitation periods for the exercise of legal rights and whether any legal or regulatory obligations require the retention of the personal data.
V.
COOKIES AND TRACKERS
a.
We use cookies and other software development kits (“SDKs”) and third-party libraries. Our Platform uses the following categories of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Platform. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to load webpages.
Analytical/performance cookies
These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors to our Platform and to see how visitors move around our Platform. This helps us to improve the way our Platform works, for example, by ensuring that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies
These are used to recognize you when you return to our Platform. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Tracking ID
Every iOS and Google Android device has a unique Tracking ID, for iOS devices, called an Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and for Android devices, called a Google Advertising ID (AAID). These Tracking IDs enable app providers and advertisers to track user activity and target ads at those users.
b.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
c. You may block cookies by updating the relevant settings on your device or browser to allow you to refuse the setting of some or all types of cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
VI.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH?
Harmonybit does not share your personal data except as consented by you or as described herein. We may need to share your personal data with selected third parties in the following circumstances:
Third party service providers
This may include providers of certain systems and services that we use to host, administer and maintain our Platforms, including for example the servers used to host our Platforms, email service providers, payment processors, fraud prevention vendors, analytics, customer service providers and other service providers.
Third party service providers for marketing purposes
If you explicitly consent to any marketing from us, certain personal data may be shared with third party service providers we use to help us carry out marketing including, for example, third party marketing automation platforms.
A list of these third-party service providers and business partners and their privacy policies is available at
https://harmonybit.com/partners/
. The privacy policies of our partners may include additional terms and disclosures regarding their data collection and use practices. We encourage you to check those privacy policies to learn more about their data collection and use practices.
Group companies
Your personal data may be shared among affiliates and subsidiaries. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
To comply with legal or regulatory requests
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation, we may share your personal data with a regulator or law enforcement agency.
Prospective buyers or sellers
If HARMONYBIT LTD, or its owners, buys or sells any business or assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer or seller of such business or assets. If HARMONYBIT LTD (or substantially all of its assets) is acquired by a third party, your personal data held by HARMONYBIT LTD, or within such assets, may be transferred to such third party.
For certain functions of “Fotollax – AI Avatar Portraits” app we engage a third-party API service provider Astria (
https://www.astria.ai/
). The app sends user photos directly to the third-party service and receives an AI-generated set of images in response. The processing of the user’s photos and creation of new image sets happen on the side of the 3rd party service according to their policies. We do not collect any face data in the app and therefore we do not use it in any way.
3rd party privacy policy:
https://www.astria.ai/privacy
3rd party storage policy:
https://www.astria.ai/terms
VII.
WHERE IS YOUR INFORMATION STORED?
a. We will store your data in Europe where possible. We will do our best to keep this information secure. No information security system is perfect so please remember to be careful.
b.
Where will your data be stored? The information we hold will primarily be stored and processed in the EU, but there may be circumstances where we need to work with trusted third parties outside of the EU in order to provide the Services to you (e.g. where we run servers in the US). By submitting your personal data, you explicitly agree to such transfer, storing or processing of data outside the EU. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that this information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
c.
All information we hold is stored on our secure servers (which we own or license from appropriate third parties). We use industry standard procedures and security standards to prevent unauthorised access to our servers, however no online service or website can be completely secure, so please protect the data in your possession as well.
VIII. HOW CAN YOU MANAGE YOUR DATA?
If you wish to access, correct, update your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us via e-mail:
support@harmonybit.com
.
If you would like us to delete your information, you may send an e-mail to support@harmonybit.com and place “Delete My Account” in the subject line.  If you proceed with the deletion of your account, you will no longer have access to the account or services associated with your account. Other steps you should take should you wish to delete your account include disassociating your Facebook account from our applications, if applicable, and deleting the application(s) from your device. Please note that if you ask us to delete your account, all your progress in the application and any unused virtual items will be lost and we may not be able to restore them in the future.
IX.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Platform may contain links to third party websites. If you follow a link to a third-party website, please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites. We are not responsible or liable for the privacy policies or practices of those websites, so please check their policies before you submit any data to those websites.
X.
SECURITY
1. We take data security seriously. We implement and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures including resilient security systems and protocols to protect the personal data we store.
2. We have put procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and applicable regulator of a suspected breach where the breach may cause a risk to you.
3. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose personal data to you.
XI.
ACCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND YOUR RIGHTS
As a result of us collecting and processing your personal data, you have the following legal rights:
a.
To access personal data we hold on you;
b.
To request us to make any changes to your personal data if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
c.
To request your personal data is erased where we do not have a compelling reason to continue to process such personal data in certain circumstances;
d.
To receive your personal data provided to us as a data controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format where our processing of the personal data is based on:
(i) your consent;
(ii) our necessity for performance of a contract to which you are a party to; or
(iii) steps taken at your request prior to entering into a contract with us and the processing is carried out by automated means;
e.
To object to, or restrict, our processing of your personal data in certain circumstances;
f.
If we use your personal data for direct marketing, you can ask us to stop and we will comply with your request;
g.
If we use your personal data on the basis of having a legitimate interest, you can object to our use of it for those purposes, giving an explanation of your particular situation, and we will consider your objection;
h.
To object to, and not be subject to a decision which is based solely on, automated processing (including profiling), which produces legal effects or could significantly affect you;
i.
If we are processing your personal data with your consent, you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal data conducted pursuant to lawful processing grounds other than consent. You may do so by contacting us;
j.
To lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory body, which at present, is the
Commissioner for Personal Data Protection
.
To exercise your rights, please contact our data protection officer at
dpo@harmonybit.com
or write to us
at the address set forth in the “Contact” section.
XII.
OUR POLICIES CONCERNING CHILDREN
Our Platform is not intended for children (under the age of 13 or such higher age as required by applicable law). We do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal data or target interest based advertising to children and we do not knowingly allow children to register for or use the Platform. Children should not use our Platform or send us any personal data about themselves at any time. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal data from children, we will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such information from our records. If you believe that we might have information from or about a child, please contact
us
dpo@harmonybit.com
.
XIII.
CONTACT
Harmonybit’s Data Protection Officer
You may contact
Harmonybit
’s Data Protection Officer at
dpo@harmonybit.com
or the address below for further information.
HARMONYBIT LTD
Spyrou Kyprianou, 79,
PROTOPAPAS BUILDING, 2nd floor,
Flat/Office 201, 3076,
Limassol, Cyprus
XIV.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
a.
Any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you via electronic communications within our Apps. Please check back regularly to keep informed of updates or changes to this Privacy Policy.
b.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on February 27, 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.astria.ai/privacy:
Astria
Docs
Showcase
Community
Gallery
Use cases
PhotoBooth
Models
Articles
Blog
Login
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Last modified November 02 2022
We at Astria, (together with our affiliates, “Astria”, “we”, “our” or “us”) respect your privacy and are strongly committed to keeping secure any information we obtain from you or about you.
This Privacy Policy describes our practices with respect to Personal Information we collect from or about you when you access Astria and its affiliates’ websites (collectively, the “Site”), or use Astria and its affiliates’ products and services, including application programming interfaces, associated software, tools, developer services, data and documentation (collectively, the “Services”).
1. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information that alone or in combination with other information in our possession could be used to identify you (“Personal Information”) as follows:
Personal Information You Provide: We may collect Personal Information if you create an account to use our Services or communicate with us as follows.
Communication Information: If you communicate with us, we may collect your name, contact information, and the contents of any messages you send (“Communication Information”).
Personal Information We Collect Through Our Social Media Pages: We have pages on social media sites like Instagram, Facebook, Medium, Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn (“Social Media Pages”). When you interact with our Social Media Pages, we will collect Personal Information that you elect to provide to us, such as your contact details (“Social Information”). In addition, the companies that host our Social Media Pages may provide us with aggregate information and analytics regarding the use of our Social Media Pages.
Personal Information We Receive Automatically From Your Use of the Services: When you visit, use, and interact with the Services, we may receive certain information about your visit, use, or interactions (“Technical Information”), including the following:
Log data: Information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit the Site (“log data”). Log data includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, and how you interacted with the Site.
Usage data: We may automatically collect information about your use of the Services, such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you use and the actions you take, as well as your time zone, country, the dates and times of access, user agent and version, type of computer or mobile device, computer connection, IP address, and the like.
Device information: Includes name of the device, operating system, and browser you are using. Information collected may depend on the type of device you use and its settings.
Cookies: We use cookies to operate and administer our Site and Services, and improve your experience on it. A “cookie” is a piece of information sent to your browser by a website you visit. You can set your browser to accept all cookies, to reject all cookies, or to notify you whenever a cookie is offered so that you can decide each time whether to accept it. However, refusing a cookie may in some cases preclude you from using, or negatively affect the display or function of, a website or certain areas or features of a website. For more details on cookies please visit All About Cookies.
Analytics: We may use a variety of online analytics products that use cookies to help us analyze how users use the Site and Services and enhance your experience when you use the Site and Services.
Online Tracking and Do Not Track Signals: We and our third party service providers may use cookies or other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of the Site. Our Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signals and operates as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received.
2. HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use Personal Information for the following purposes:
To provide, administer, maintain, improve and/or analyze the Services;
To conduct research, which may remain internal or may be shared with third parties, published or made generally available;
To communicate with you;
To develop new programs and services;
To prevent fraud, criminal activity, or misuses of our Services, and to ensure the security of our IT systems, architecture, and networks; and
To comply with legal obligations and legal process and to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or other third parties.
Aggregated Information. We may aggregate Personal Information and use the aggregated information to analyze the effectiveness of our Services, to improve and add features to our Services, to conduct research (which may remain internal or may be shared with third parties, published or made generally available) and for other similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may analyze the general behavior and characteristics of users of our Services and share aggregated information like general user statistics with third parties, publish such aggregated information or make such aggregated information generally available. We may collect aggregated information through the Services, through cookies, and through other means described in this Privacy Policy.
3. SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
In certain circumstances we may share your Personal Information with third parties without further notice to you, unless required by the law, including without limitation in the situations below:
Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may share Personal Information with vendors and service providers, including providers of hosting services, cloud services, and other information technology services providers, event management services, email communication software and email newsletter services, advertising and marketing services, and web analytics services. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process, or store Personal Information in the course of performing their duties to us.
Business Transfers: If we are involved in strategic transactions, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, or transition of service to another provider (collectively a “Transaction”), your Personal Information and other information may be shared in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the Transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that Transaction along with other assets.
Legal Requirements: If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) prevent fraud, (iv) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services, or the public, or (v) protect against legal liability.
Affiliates: We may share Personal Information with our affiliates, meaning an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Astria. Our affiliates may use the Personal Information we share in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Other Users: certain actions you take may be visible to other users of the Service.
4. HOW TO CONTACT US; UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
Please contact us at support@Astria.ai if you need to change or correct your Personal Information, or if you have any questions or concerns not already addressed in this Privacy Policy.
5. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The following disclosures are intended to provide additional information about (1) the categories of Personal Information we collect (as defined above), (2) the source of the Personal Information, (3) how we use each category of Personal Information, and (4) how we disclose Personal Information. These disclosures do not limit our ability to use or disclose information as described above.
Category of Personal Information
Sources of Personal Information
Use of Personal Information
Disclosure of Personal Information
Social Information
We may collect Social Information from you when you interact with our Social Media Pages.
We may use Social Information to perform analytics and to communicate with you.
We may disclose Social Information to our affiliates.
Communication Information
We collect Communication Information directly from you.
We use Communication Information for providing our Services and responding to you.
We disclose Communication Information to our affiliates and communication services providers.
Technical Information
We collect Technical Information from you.
We use Technical Information for analytics and in some cases, for moderation and prevention of fraud and malicious activity by users of our Services.
We disclose Technical Information to our affiliates and analytics provider(s).
To the extent provided for by law and subject to applicable exceptions, California residents have the following privacy rights in relation to the Personal Information we collect:
The right to know what Personal Information we have collected and how we have used and disclosed that Personal Information;
The right to request deletion of your Personal Information; and
The right to be free from discrimination relating to the exercise of any of your privacy rights.
We do not and will not sell your Personal Information.
Exercising Your Rights: California residents can exercise the above privacy rights by emailing us at: support@astria.ai.
Verification: in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a request to know or delete Personal Information. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect fraudulent or malicious activity, we may ask you to provide additional Personal Information and proof of residency for verification. If we cannot verify your identity, we will not provide or delete your Personal Information.
Authorized Agents: you may submit a request to know or a request to delete your Personal Information through an authorized agent. If you do so, the agent must present signed written permission to act on your behalf and you may also be required to independently verify your identity and submit proof of your residency with us.
6. CHILDREN
Our Service is not directed to children who are under the age of 16. Astria does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided Personal Information to Astria through the Service please email us at support@astria.ai and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
7. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Service may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Astria, including social media services (“Third Party Sites”). The information that you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy Policy. By providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites. Please contact the Third Party Sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies.
8. SECURITY
You use the Service at your own risk. We implement commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect Personal Information both online and offline from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from us may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via the Service or e-mail. In addition, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service, or third party websites.
9. INTERNATIONAL USERS
By using our Service, you understand and acknowledge that your Personal Information will be transferred from your location to our facilities and servers.
10. YOUR CHOICES
If you choose not to provide Personal Information that is needed to use some features of our Service, you may be unable to use those features.
11. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do we will post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by applicable law. By continuing to use our Service or providing us with Personal Information after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy, or notified you by other means, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy.
Sign in with Google
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Password
*
Existing user?
Email
Password
Forgot password?
New user?
Use Password