Home
English
Tiếng Việt
عربي
Deutsch
Español
Français
日本
Melayu
Português
ไทย
Türk
Svenska
Privacy Policy
App Store
Google Play
The Privacy Policy applies to the websites, Apps, incidents and other services operated by EZMatch.
                                            For convenience, the said websites, Applications, issues and services are hereinafter collectively referred to as “services”.
                                            Specifically, the Privacy Policy link is added to all applicable services.
                                        
                                            Some services may be subject to privacy policies that are specific to them. In the event of any particular service
                                            may be subject to its proprietary privacy policy, its proprietary privacy policy (instead of
                                            privacy policy here) will apply.
I. Information Collected by EZMatch
To help you develop meaningful interpersonal relationships, we need your personal information and information.
                                            about the types of partners you want to know. Accordingly, you will provide the content we need and you also agree to abide by the
                                            instructions are provided by the interface provided by us and also consent to our records of your information
                                            Friend. Please note that we will comply with the GDPR and avoid profiling of any sensitive issues (e.g. ethnography,
                                            political affiliation, religious beliefs and sexual orientation). When you visit our service, alone
                                            Through a third-party service provider, we will collect information about your access to our services.
                                            us (including your access logs and logins/access to social media). We
                                            Please provide the following details.
Information provided to us by you
When you access our services, you will provide us with specific information including:
When you sign up for an account, you will provide you with basic information such as login information, gender, and date of birth
                                             yours, etc. That information is collected to help our services work successfully to find Mr./Ms. Good
                                             for you.
When you complete the information, you have the option to share more information about you with us, for example details
                                            about your personality and lifestyle and to give us access to your camera or album
                                            Friend. In some jurisdictions, the information you provide to us may be identified as special information
                                            about user and user sensitivities, e.g. information about ethnicity, political affiliation, religious beliefs
                                            and sexual orientation. You may choose to disclose such information and similarly disclose it to other users upon delivery
                                            similar goods to us. Even so, we will never profile or analyze sensitive information such as
                                            so or give you any forecast about this.
When you decide to subscribe to any of our fee-based services, you can provide us or
                                             Our payment service provider financial information about your payment.
                                             When you participate in our promotional activities or lucky draws, we collect information
                                             you register or enter.
When you contact our customer service team through Contact Us, we will collect the
                                             only your email, IP address and the information you provide us. Information will be used to help resolve
                                             your inquiries and guarantee the quality of our services. We will keep a record of our communications with you, including
                                             includes claims against other users (and claims against you by other users) that we receive
                                             within 6 years of deleting your account.
You can choose to invite your friends to join EZMatch to help them develop interesting interpersonal relationships. Where you are
                                             If you want to invite your friends to join EZMatch, we will send an invitation email under your name to complete your request.
                                             We will also collect your chats with other users or content posted by you such as
                                             part of the service.
When you visit our services, we collect information about the actions you take in the
                                            our services, e.g. the date and time of your visit, the functions you use, your search terms,
                                            ads clicked by you, interactions between other users and you, and messages you send to other users, and more.
                                            We collect information about the device from which you access our services, including: Information about hardware and
                                            software (e.g. IP, device ID, network ID, application crash information, advertising ID, browser type, device language)
                                            device, applicable version and operating system, etc.);
When you access our services, we may collect your geographic information (longitude and latitude) according to
                                             in any way subject to your prior consent. Information that can help us determine the exact location of
                                             Friend. Notwithstanding this, if you refuse to provide such information, we will not collect it.
                                             With the same token, subject to your prior consent, we will collect your photos and videos, e.g. photos
                                             or video you want to post in our service.
Information accessed by us from others
In addition to the information you provide to us, we will also access information about you from others, including
                                             including:
Other users
                                             When other users access the service, they provide information about you. For example, when any other user provides
                                             provide your information to contact us, we may collect information about you from him/her.
Social media
                                             Signing in to our service through a social media account constitutes your consent to the right
                                             our access to your login information through social media accounts. Then you won't
                                             need to remember a different set of accounts and passwords.
Other partners
                                             We may access information about you from other partners. For example, when EZMatch runs ads on the website
                                             or the platform is operated by any partner, the partner may communicate your information to us.
II. How EZMatch uses your information
Your information will be used to provide and improve our services and also to protect your financial security.
                                             your account and provide you with advertisements that will interest you. Here are some of the reasons why
                                             The use of your information will be notified to you:
Create and manage your account;
Provide customers with support and answer your questions;
Complete your transactions (including order management and communication for payments, etc.);
Analyze your and others' personal information, and recommend you to suitable partners;
Show your information to other users;
Connect the different devices you use to make our services accessible to all
                                             your devices, as we provide a consistent experience based on device and browser information;
                                             or, identify and connect devices based on several IP addresses and complete browser versions;
Manage lucky draws, competitions, discounts or other offers;
Inform you of products or services that we believe may be of interest to you, by email, phone,
                                             social network or mobile device.
Manage focus groups and questionnaires;
Analysis and research based on user behavior to improve our services and content;
Development of new functions or other services;
We will process your information for administrative purposes, fraud investigations or legal matters.
                                             is different.
III. Who shared the information with whom?
We aim to help you establish meaningful interpersonal relationships. Therefore, we will share information
                                             trust your users with other users. We may also share some of your information with our partners
                                             other advertising partners or suppliers and even regulatory agencies, e.g. for industry analysis purposes
                                             and demographics, etc.
We share your information with third parties of the following categories:
Products provided by information technology companies (hardware and software) in providing services to us;
Anti-fraud and spam service providers protect services from the intrusion of criminal activities;
Monitor Websites/App Activity and Approve Content;
Advertising partners, marketplaces and advertising providers;
Law enforcement agencies we submit to to protect the safety and rights of any person under a legal process if reasonably necessary;
Cash flow service companies and telecommunications companies support our fee-based services.
Before working with any service provider or partner, we will go through a rigorous review process
                                             strict. All of our service providers and partners will agree to fulfill our non-disclosure obligations with the
                                             diligence.
In the event of a merger (in whole or in part), sale, acquisition, divestment, reorganization, re-shared, liquidation
                                             bankruptcy or bankruptcy of the Company or a change in ownership or control of the Company, we will post a public notice
                                             related declaration and your transfer of information upon notification to you via the email address recorded by you.
We may disclose your information as required by law and where necessary and reasonable:
To comply with any legal process, e.g. court order, subpoena or search warrant, government investigation
                                             / law enforcement agency, or any other legal requirement;
To help prevent or detect crime (as per applicable law on a case-by-case basis);
To keep any person safe;
Để điều tra hoặc thực hiện bất kỳ hành động phòng ngừa hoặc hành động khác chống lại các hoạt động bất hợp pháp,
                                            gian lận hoặc hành vi sai trái khác.
IV. Your benefits
We hope that you can control your information independently and, therefore, provide you with
                                            following tools:
                                        
                                            Tools to access/update services. Tools and account settings can help you access, customize,
                                            correct or delete account-related information that you have provided to us in the services. If you have any
                                            If you have any questions about tools and settings, you can contact our customer service team for assistance.
                                            support.
                                            Device access. The mobile platform is equipped with an authority system regarding various types of information and
                                            device-specific notifications, e.g. phone book and location-based services, and push notifications. You have
                                            You can change the settings on the device to “Agree” or cancel the collection of information or display of the corresponding information
                                            respective newspaper. However, if you do so, some services may not be able to function completely.
                                            We hope that you can verify your privacy. Please keep the following notes in mind:
                                        
                                            Check your information: Some applicable privacy laws may allow you to check your personal information
                                            held by us (subject to jurisdictions, may be referred to as access authorities, data access rights)
                                            or a derivative thereof).
                                            Update your information: If you believe that your information held by us is inaccurate or
                                            We are not authorized to use the information and you hope to correct, delete or stop processing it, please contact
                                            with us.
                                            To protect all of our users and you, we will ask you for your ID and then respond to
                                            stated requirements.
                                        
                                            Please note that we may deny your request for any reason, including illegal requests or
                                            violate the trade secrets, intellectual property rights or privacy of other users.
                                        
                                            Meanwhile, we may not be able to respond to some requests to object to the processing of personal information, in particular
                                            objection will result in our failure to provide you with the services. For example, if we don't have a date of birth
                                            your service, we will not be able to provide you with our services.
                                        
                                            Uninstall. You can uninstall any APP following the standard uninstallation procedure on the device to prevent the App
                                            collect any information. If you uninstall the APP from some mobile devices, special device-related IDs
                                            Your device will be stored continuously. If you reinstall the APP on the same mobile device, we will use the ID
                                            to re-link transactions and activities done by you previously. Please note that if you ask us to delete
                                            or stop using your information, please follow the procedure here. We will do our best to stop processing
                                            manage and use your information within 30 business days.
                                            Accountability responsibility. If you have doubts about our processing of your personal information in certain countries (including
                                            including the EU), you have the right to file a complaint with the competent data protection organization. Competent data protection organization
                                            rights should be located in the jurisdiction where your permanent residence or work is located or where we are
                                            found.
V. How does EZMatch protect your information
5.1. Protect your information
EZMatch has implemented appropriate security measures to protect and prevent information controlled by us (including
                                            your personal data) from being changed, disclosed or destroyed. Our technical experts in
                                            EZMatch will make every effort to ensure that you can safely access our services.
                                        
                                            Even so, although we will take precautions to prevent any possible errors when hacking
                                            our service, we cannot guarantee it and you should not expect that, your personal information will
                                            always safe and without any concerns.
                                        
                                            If we suspect or discover any breach of privacy rules, we may suspend your access
                                            to the Services, in whole or in part, without prior notice. If you believe that your account or information
                                            you will no longer be safe, please notify us right here.
5.2. Delete your account
If you have difficulty using the application or no longer need to use the application. EZMatch offers you a method to delete your account with the following steps:
Step 1: Go to Settings -> Accounts
Step 2: Select Delete account
Step 3: Confirm agree with your choice.
VI. Expiration date of information held by EZMatch
We will only keep your personal information to the extent permitted by law. To protect the safety of people
                                             used during or when accessing our services, we have a policy asking you not to
                                             log into your account for more than 30 months, unless we delete or anonymize your account information
                                             you, unless:
we must comply with applicable law (for example, to keep Google traffic data for a year to
                                             fulfill a statutory obligation to keep information);
we must retain information to demonstrate our compliance with the law (e.g. to keep records of agreements
                                             your terms and conditions, our privacy policy and other terms for five years);
We must keep relevant information about any pending matter, claim or dispute until
                                             similar settlement; or
We must keep information for our legitimate business interests (e.g. anti-fraud and security upgrades for
                                             user); For example, we must keep information to prevent users from being banned due to certain unsafe practices or incidents
                                             Try to be safe when opening a new account.
Please note that even if our system is able to delete information based on the stated rules, we do not
                                             can guarantee that all information can be deleted within specific time limits, due to limitations in technology.
VII. Children's privacy
Our service is only available to users 18 years of age or older. We do not allow users under the age of 18
                                             access our platform and will not knowingly collect personal information from users under the age of 18. If you
                                             suspect any user under the age of 18, please report your concerns to us through Contact
                                             with us or the complaints mechanism in the services.
VIII. Cookie Policy
Cookie refers to a small data file that is transferred to a computer's drive, usually including the domain that created the Cookie (the location of the cookie).
                                            location), the Cookie's retention period (in particular, the expiration date) and special numbers or similar randomly generated IDs.
                                            course. Cookies may also include information about your device (for example, local settings, search history and behavior.
                                            actions taken when accessing our services).
                                        
                                            The cookies we collect allow us to verify how users interact on EZMatch and from there
                                            help us produce better products for you. Cookies store information about the web pages you surf and identify
                                            identify you and your preferences whenever you visit EZMatch. They help us provide you with services
                                            better.
                                        
                                            Basically, the use of Cooke and local storage on EZMatch is subject to the functions of the websites.
                                            on EZMatch, e.g. analytics functionality, which can help us verify the functionality of our website
                                            and ensure a successful and uninterrupted user experience.
                                        
                                            The following table explains the cookie functions on EZMatch and how to use them.
                                        
                                            If you do not want to store all EZMatch activities for any reason, you can change the settings
                                            in your browser and mobile device to stop Cookies and local storage. Even so, the change
                                            settings may reduce the quality of surfing on the site. In certain cases, you can even
                                            find that you will not be able to access our website, in whole or in part.
                                        
                                            We use the following types of Cookies:
                                        
                                            Table
                                        
                                            Our use of Cookies and local storage devices (including specific Cookie names) may vary depending on
                                            into the passage of time, but will usually be included in the aforementioned categories. We will notify you of any
                                            material changes in our use of cookies and local storage. Please visit the page
                                            periodically to help you verify any changes.
                                        
                                            If you would like to know more about cookies, including flash cookies/local storage, the following websites will provide
                                            you useful information:
www.allaboutcookies.org
www.youronlinechoices.eu
http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-spl-objects-flash.htm
IX. About us
EZMatch is operated by MobiDev JSC. The address of the Company is:
                                        
                                             No. 8A, alley 2/46, Thang Long Boulevard, Me Tri Ward, Nam Tu Liem District, Hanoi City
                                        
                                             If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, you can mail it to support@ezmatch.dating or to
                                             address mentioned.
Style Switcher
Style Two
Dark Version
Parallax Image
Static Video