This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.
Accept
Decline
Deutsch
Français
Contact us
Solutions
Solutions
Market-leading physical and digital security solutions for whatever comes your way.
Access Control
Explore Access Control
acre Access Control
acre Smart Controller
acre Multi-tech Readers
Feenics
AccessIt!
DNA Fusion
PremiSys
Matrix Frontier
ACTpro
ACT365
VR Series Card Readers
Visitor Management
Upgrade and Digitally Transform Your Workplace
Visitor Management ROI
TDS
FAST-PASS
A-PASS
Intrusion
Explore Intrusion
acre Intrusion
Magic PIR and Dual Motion Detectors
Wireless Intruder Alarm Solutions
acre Intrusion Panels & acre Intrusion Connect
acre Seismic Detectors
comnet by acre - Secure Communications Networking and Server Solutions
Integrations
Partners & Integrations
Industries
Industries
We offer market-leading physical and digital security solutions tailored for various industries.
Commercial Real Estate
Education
Government
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Retail
Resources
Resources
Access the latest insights and thought leadership from our security experts.
Resources
Events
Blog
New post
About
About
Learn more about the acre story and what sets us apart from other security solutions providers.
About acre security
Careers
We're hiring
Legal
Sustainability and Social Responsibility
Subscribe
Partner Hub
Products
Products
Products for physical and digital security solutions
Access control
Intrusion
Secure Communications Networking and Server Solutions
Contact us
Embrace a fluid approach to
security
Protect your people, premises, and data with resilient digital and physical security solutions.
Let’s talk
Trusted by organizations of
all shapes and sizes
Adaptable security for a shifting landscape
With acre, you have access to a single portfolio of intuitive on-premises and cloud security solutions. So, you have everything you need to keep your most important assets safe.
One offering, infinite possibilities
Since 2012, we’ve been on a mission to deliver robust, tailored, and future-proofed digital and physical security solutions to customers around the globe. We’re always evolving our product portfolio. Over the years, we’ve added market-leading solutions from industry heavyweights to create a unified security offering.
Learn more about acre
Security solutions for everyone
Our solutions suit any budget. Whether you need the control and visibility of an on-premises solution, or scalable security hosted in the cloud, you'll find it with acre.
Integrations that take your security to the next level
Access a vast ecosystem of complementary technologies to customize your security to your needs. Our adaptable and agile solutions plug into your tech stack and integrate effortlessly with a wide range of third-party products for a single, cohesive security system.
Explore our integrations
Our Solutions
Protect your people and property with a single, integrated solution.
Access Control
Protect your people and property with a single, integrated solution. Manage access with ease, while harnessing valuable business intelligence to inform your security strategy.
Learn more
Visitor Management
Create a secure and seamless experience for visitors and staff. Streamline the check-in process with self-service kiosks, monitor visitor activity with smart software, and more.
Learn more
Intrusion
Get early warning of potential security breaches to keep your most important assets safe. Manage your system anywhere for complete visibility and peace of mind.
Learn more
comnet - Secure Communications Networking & Server Solutions
Safeguard sensitive information against cyber threats with robust and intuitive video, data, and ethernet transmission security solutions.
Learn more
The first step to securing your future
Protecting your people and premises is as important to us as it is to you. Whatever your security requirements, we’re with you every step of the way.
Let's talk