Terms of use
We at Sodexo take your privacy very seriously. Your customer 
data is stored and processed in accordance with General Data 
Protection Regulation.
1. What information we collect?
To ensure the quality of the service we collect personal data 
during registration.
We collect the following data:
First name
Last name
Email address
Phone number
Location
Payment details
Other personal information is only stored if the user voluntarily 
provides the information, for example to place an order.
2. How do we use the data we collect
Customer information is stored in Sodexo’s customer register, 
where the information is used to maintain the customer 
relationship.
Personal data may be processed for the purposes required:
to ensure correct delivery of agreed services
user support
to ensure usability
to prevent and investigate potential misuse
to further develop our services
for marketing within the MySodexo app on services Sodexo site offers
Sodexo has the right to process and disclose the information in 
the register in accordance with applicable legislation for justified 
uses (such as direct marketing).
3. Data transfer to 3rd parties
Personal data may be transferred to 3rd parties to deliver the 
agreed services, such as payment details for payment service 
providers.
4. Use of cookies
We don’t use cookies in the MySodexo app.
5. Data transfer outside the EU or the EEA
The data will not be disclosed outside the EU or the European 
Economic Area.
6. Registry security principles
We protect our records in accordance with industry standards. The
registers are maintained properly on a password-protected server.
7. Terms and right of return
In its mobile application, Sodexo clearly states to the consumer 
the description of the product to be purchased, the price, possible 
delivery costs, delivery method and payment methods to be used.
The consumer has the right to cancel the transaction if the 
supplier refuses to supply the product for technical or other 
reasons. Upon cancellation of the transaction, the seller will 
refund the amount corresponding to the charge made on the 
payment card in connection with the order. Credit card 
transactions are guaranteed by Nets.
The seller is not obliged to refund the payment made with the 
payment card if the customer does not collect the order she/he 
paid for during the payment date from the restaurant selected in 
connection with the payment transaction.
The supplier has the right to cancel the transaction if the buyer is 
unable to present the required documents, for example to prove 
her/his adulthood when purchasing alcohol products.