PRIVACY POLICY
– Mobiplay LLC and Mobigrow LLC
Mobiplay LLC (“Mobiplay”, “us”, “our” or “we”) and Mobigrow LLC (“Mobigrow”, “us”, “our” or “we”) are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users (“users” or “you”).
This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data, and
The choices you have about your personal data
This Privacy Policy applies to Mobiplay and Mobigrow games, websites and related services, here collectively called the Service. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on keycube.com.
If you have any questions, requests or concerns about data protection, please contact us with the information provided in the ‘Contact Information of Data Controller’ section of this Policy.
The Data We Collect
Augmented reality and facial recognition
We use TrueDepth API technologies (ARKit, with automatic estimation of the real-world directional lighting environment) to create AR effects within the application. We do not share information with 3rd parties, do not store or process in any other way the data which we accessed and used via TrueDepth API. For more information about TrueDepth API technologies, you may visit
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208108
.
We will ask for Your separate permissions to use Your camera. If You change Your mind, re-permissions are provided. You will be able to revoke them any time afterward by changing settings on Your Device or by e-mailing your request to info@keycube.com. However, please note that rejecting or switching off these permissions might negatively affect the use of our Apps or even affect its full functionality
We
do not
collect, process or store the face image.
Data you provide us (usually not all of these)
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Player name
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Your messages to the Service (such as chat logs and player support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect automatically
Data about your account and game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
General location data (eg. what country you are from)
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service
Data we collect from our partners.
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook or Google)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
Why Do We Collect Your Data
To make the Service work.
To perform the service, we process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you Service-related communications
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Service
Customize your Service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable you to communicate with other players
To show personalized advertisements.
To show you personalized advertisements (more relevant advertisement instead of a random advertisement, the amount remaining same in both cases) in the Service as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section ‘Your rights and options’ below.
To keep the Service safe and fair.
In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features
Moderate chats either automatically or manually
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
Who Can See Your Data
Apart from Mobiplay and Mobigrow, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other Players and Users
Social features are a core component of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
Partners Working for Mobiplay and Mobigrow
Mobiplay and Mobigrow has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to Mobiplay and Mobigrow instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Other Companies and Public Authorities
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and Social Media partners
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
List of partners:
Unity Ads –
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Google Analytics –
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
International Data Transfers
Our Service is global by nature and your data can, therefore, be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
Your Rights and Options
Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
Opt-out of targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest-based ads” (Android). For more information, see also:
Unity Ads –
https://unity3d.com/legal/gdpr
Google Analytics –
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
If the game in question uses personalized in-game offers, you can use the options provided in the game settings to opt-out if you wish to.
Access the personal data we hold about you.
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format. This will cause us some work, thus we hope to express our wish that you would not do such requests lightly.
Your other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data.
If your data is deleted from our game, you will no longer be able to play that game before creating a new player & game account and starting from scratch. You will lose your progress, in-game assets and any purchases made.
We will respond to all requests about the privacy policy within a reasonable time frame.
How Do We Protect Your Data
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service.
*Please note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Age Limits
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest-based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data.
Contact Information of Data Controller
MobiGrow OU
Mobiplay OU
Elva tn 41b
Tartu – 50411
Estonia (EE)
info@keycube.com
If you have questions about data protection please contact us – info@keycube.com
Update date: September 2th, 2024