USAGE TERMS AND PRIVACY POLICY
This document clarifies how user data and any sensitive information is handled in the app.
ADVERTISING AND AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
Google Admob: The free version of our iOS application includes some ads displayed with Google Admob. Admob need internet permission to show ads. It may collect some device information. We do not use any kind of user information or save it.
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect, process and use information, including ‘personal data’, that you provide or make available to us when accessing or using our App and Service. Here are some of the examples of such information:
We are not having signup or login in the application so we are not collection anything like name, email address or birth date information.
COLLECTION AND USE OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Device-specific information relating to your device for example your device brand and model, operating system version, device language, unique device identifiers (such as IMEI or IDFA), and mobile network information (such as IMSI or MNC);
App also makes use of third party libraries, SDKs, APIs and software which may also collect additional information. Please refer to the relevant third party’s privacy policy for more information on the third party’s treatment of your data.
THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES
This App uses
Google Firebase Analytics
to track crashes and errors, as well as to evaluate user utilization of its functions and features. This service collects no user-identifiable information. Installation of this app implies acceptance of the use of Google Analytics according to Google's privacy policy.
MINORS
Services are not intended for or designed to attract anyone under the relevant age of consent to enter into binding legal contracts under the laws of their respective jurisdictions. Dual Accounts - Multi Social App does not intentionally or knowingly collect personal information through the Services from anyone under that age. We encourage parents and guardians to be involved in the online activities of their children to ensure that no personal information is collected from a child without their consent.
CHANGE TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page.
CONTACT
If you have any suggestions, feedback or requests, please email us at info@appaspecttechnologies.com
Copyright 2018 AppAspect Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Effective date: July 22, 2019