Table of Contents
Platform Agreement
Prohibited and Restricted Activities
User Terms
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Addendum
Applicant Privacy Policy
Applicant Privacy Policy (Spanish)
Rewards
Brex Card Terms
Issuer Terms
Brex Business Accounts
Brex Treasury
Brex Payments
Brex Travel
API Agreement
Mobile Terms of Service
Financial Crimes Compliance Statement
Subpoenas and Legal Information Requests
Commonly Asked Questions
Table of Contents
Brex Privacy Policy
Revised April 12, 2024
Overview
Brex respects your privacy. While Brex’s Services are designed for use by business customers, we may process information about you when providing our services and operating our business. This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") provides a comprehensive description of how Brex collects, uses, and discloses information about you, as well as your rights and choices. For purposes of this Policy, "Brex", "we", "our", and "us" refers to Brex, Inc. and its affiliates, and "you" or "your" refers to the individual interacting with us.
When you access or use our Services, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy and understand its contents. Please read this Policy carefully, as it applies when you use our Services or Products, visit our
Website
, or use the Brex mobile app. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Policy have the definitions provided in the
Platform Agreement
.
In connection with the provision of specific Services, we may provide additional "just-in-time" disclosures or additional information about our data processing practices. These notices may supplement this Privacy Policy, clarify Brex’s privacy practices in the circumstances described or may provide you with additional choices about how Brex processes your personal information.
1. Applicability of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information we collect and process, when you:
visit, interact with, or use any Brex website, and/or Brex Services;
create or administer your Brex account;
receive communications from, or otherwise interact or communicate with us, including via email, phone or mail, or using our branded social media pages;
register or take part in our marketing, learning, or training events; and/or
offer or integrate your application, content, product, or services on or through Brex Services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the following:
Company Data.
Company Data includes any personal information that you submit to us for processing to provide the Brex Services, such as when you provide your bank account information for payroll processing, or demographic information for benefits enrollment purposes. Company Data does not include the account information about you that you provide to us in connection with the creation or administration of your Brex account. For more information on how Brex handles Company Data, please see our
Data Processing Addendum
.
Brex as an employer.
Any personal information we collect or process in our capacity as an employer, co-employer, or employer of record. For information we collect as part of the applicant process, please see our
Applicant Privacy Policy
.
Third Party Service Partners and Providers (“Service Providers”).
Any products, services, websites or content that are offered by third parties through integrations with Brex Services, which are governed by their own respective privacy policies.
2. Personal Information We Collect
The personal information we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Brex and the choices you make, the Services and features you use, your location, and applicable laws. If you provide us with information about another individual, you represent you have the authority to do so and have delivered any required notices and obtained all necessary rights and consents to provide such information to us for processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
A. Information Provided to Brex
Brex Services are intended for use by business customers and their administrators, employees and other authorized users (
"Authorized Users"
). When applying for a Brex Account, we may receive information about you, your Company, and individuals associated with your Company. Such information includes, but is not limited to:
Business Contact Information
, such as your name, address, phone number, email address, employer, and job title.
Account information
, such as usernames, credit card and bank account information, VAT numbers and other tax identifiers, and other authentication and security credential information.
Identification Information
, such as social security number and driver's license, passport or other government-issued identification documents to comply with our verification process, global anti-money laundering (AML) and know your customer (KYC) obligations.
Communications,
including when contacting sales, implementation, or support, asking a question, providing product feedback or corresponding with our business teams.
Content,
including any documentation, files or information you provide, which may include information about you or your business.
Third-Party Information,
including information you provide about any co-workers, contractors, vendors or potential referrals, such as their Business Contact Information.
Other information
, such as when you fill in a form on our website, respond to surveys, provide feedback, make a support inquiry, participate in promotions, or otherwise communicate with us.
Providing your personal information is optional, but it may be necessary for certain Services, such as account registration. In such cases, if you do not provide your personal information, we may not be able to provide you with the requested Services.
In connection with providing Services, we receive additional information submitted by, on behalf of and relating to a Company and its Authorized Users, such as:
Authorized User Data,
including your Business Contact Information, login credentials, and other information used by your company to invite and manage Authorized Users.
Transaction Data,
including information associated with your payments and card transactions made through your company's Brex Account, whether online or in store, such as the purchase details, payment mechanism, amount, location, and any annotations or coding you provide. Transactions can be made through a variety of domestic and international payment mechanisms, such as sending or receiving funds via ACH, wire, or check, or making charges through a payment card.
Linked Data,
including information and documentation relating to you and your company made available by Third-Party Services connected to the Services. Linked Data may be made available to Brex during the application process and after a Brex Account is opened for your company. For example, if you link business bank accounts during or after the application process, or link your bank account to receive or provide expense reimbursements, we will receive
Bank Account Information
about the linked account, like the bank routing and account numbers and account balance. In addition, some Third-Party Services (e.g. accounting systems and business bank accounts) will provide us with information about activities outside of the Services, like your business expenses and your company's external transactions, finances and revenue. Other third party services, like your company's HRIS, may disclose your Authorized User Data, and if your company connects its email service, we may receive your email communications and attachments for processing. We may continue to access and receive Linked Data from a Third-Party Service until it is disconnected by you or your company.
Spend and Workflow Data,
including your company's spend limits and policies, approval hierarchies, and finance workflows.
Travel Data,
including your business travel booking and itinerary. This may include imprecise location information, such as when your travel itinerary indicates you have booked a flight to or hotel in a location.
Receipt and Invoice Data,
including information you submit to us to pay company invoices and process your receipts, such as photos, PDFs, e-mails and SMS messages if you opt-in to text messages, along with associated metadata.
Vendor Data,
including the identity of your Company's vendors and their Business Contact Information, payment details, contracts and purchase orders, and information to complete tax documentation (e.g., the vendor's tax identification number).
B. Information We Collect Automatically
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with our Services, such as when you visit our website or log into your account. We use common information gathering tools, such as tools for collecting usage data, cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to automatically collect information that may contain personal information from your computer or mobile device as you navigate our Services or interact with emails we have sent you. This information includes:
Usage and interaction information.
The full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and Services, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs).
Log data and device Information
, such as IP address, information about your Internet service provider, computer and device information including device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting, authentication and security credential information, access dates and times, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs.
Inferred location information
. We may look up your IP address to determine your general location.
Other identifiers and information contained in cookies and similar tracking technologies
as described in our
Cookie Notice
regarding the cookies we use, why we use them, and how you can control and in some cases, disable cookies and other tracking technology in connection with our Website and Services. If you have access to a Brex Dashboard, this information is also available in the Cookie Preferences section of your Settings.
C. Information We Collect from Other Sources
We collect information about you from other sources, including partners and service providers from whom we receive demographic and business contact information, or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain personal information, as well as customers from whom we receive vendor information. We may combine this information with personal information that you provide. We treat the information obtained from other sources in accordance with any laws or contractual obligations applicable to us. Other sources of information include:
Financial Institution Partners
such as banks (e.g. the bank issuing your Company's card or originating loans to finance Company expenses), card networks, payment processors, money transmitters, or other entities that provide or support delivery of financial services.
Identity Verification, Fraud and Compliance Monitoring, and Financial and Business Information Providers
, which may help us supplement our understanding of your business and its personnel, maintain security, prevent fraud and comply with regulation and contractual obligations.
Vendors
transacting with or supporting our business customers (e.g., merchants and accounting firms). For example, a merchant might supply us with their payment details and tax identification number so our business customers can make bill payments and report on their tax obligations.
Service Providers
, which help us operate our business.
Social Networks and Advertising Providers
, including to help us identify or enrich our understanding of prospective customers, and to serve and measure advertising.
Joint Marketing, Business Partnership, Referrals, and Rewards Partners
that we engage for joint marketing activities and our referrals and rewards programs.
Other Data Suppliers
that provide information about industries, business trends, organizations and other matters related to our business.
Publicly Available Sources
, including information in the public domain that helps us identify potential customers and partners or conduct due diligence and risk management for potential and existing customers.
3. How We Use Your Personal Information
We use information for business and commercial purposes in accordance with the practices described in this Policy. Purposes for using personal information include:
Providing and Maintaining Our Services
. To provide and deliver, operate, and manage our Services, perform customer validation and enable you to use Brex cards and other payment tools, verify financial information to establish spend limits, process transactions related to our Services, including registrations, purchases, and payments.
Communicating with you
. To communicate with you about our Services via different channels (e.g., by phone or email), send you notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies and terms, and to respond to your requests.
Measuring, Troubleshooting, and Improving our Services
. To provide, maintain, improve and develop our Services, including by measuring their use, analyzing their performance, and preventing or addressing technical issues and disruptions. Improving and expanding our products and operations. For example, we may develop or improve Services by analyzing how you use features, the documentation you submit or information associated with your transactions.
Preventing and investigating security and fraud issues
. To prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate potential risk, security issues, suspicious activity, as well as fraudulent or unauthorized transactions and breaches of policies and terms, and threats of harm, including in an automated fashion.
Recommendations and Personalization
. To recommend Brex Services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with Brex Services.
Rewards.
If your Company chooses to participate in our rewards program, to determine eligibility and to facilitate the rewards program effectively.
Advertising and marketing
. To develop, send, and measure advertising, marketing, communications about our products, offers, promotions, rewards, events, Services, and other information based on your preferences. We may also use personal information to administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by Brex or its third-party partners, and to invite you to events and relevant opportunities. For more information about your choices relating to our marketing activities, see “Your Rights and Choices” section below.
Complying with Legal Obligations
. In certain cases, we may have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information to fulfill legal, regulatory and contractual obligations, including when cooperating with government authorities, courts and regulators in accordance with applicable law, maintaining records to demonstrate compliance with applicable law and regulation, protecting our legal rights and pursuing remedies available to us.
Generating Aggregate or De-identified Information.
To develop de-identified information by removing or masking information that could be used to identify you and by aggregating or combining information with other information.
At Your Direction.
To fulfill any other purpose at your direction, including as expressed through your or your Company's use of Services functionality. For example, if you direct us to connect your Brex Account to a Third-Party Service, such as Slack or Uber, we will process that request accordingly.
With Notice to You and Your Consent.
We may otherwise use the information we collect after providing notice to you and obtaining your consent for specific purposes communicated to you.
Notwithstanding the above, we may use information that does not identify you for purposes permitted by law or contractual obligation applicable to us. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we use your Personal Information, please see the "Your Rights and Choices" section below.
4. How We Share Your Personal Information
Maintaining your trust over your personal information is a vital part of our relationship with you. We share information we collect in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. The categories of parties to whom we disclose information are:
Service Providers.
We engage third party companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf, for example cloud infrastructure, website hosting, analytics, collaboration and technical support. Depending on the service, we provide information on a continuous basis (e.g., fraud services) or on an as-needed basis. We contractually prohibit our service providers from retaining, using, or disclosing information about you for any purpose other than performing services for us, although we may permit them to use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law or contractual obligation. Additional information about the subprocessors we use to support delivery of our Services is made available in our
Trust Center
.
Affiliates
. We may share your personal information with our affiliates within the Brex corporate group, as well as companies we may acquire in the future when they become part of the Brex corporate group, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Business Customers.
We disclose information to our business customers to provide Services on their behalf. For example, we may disclose information to your Company to process your payment transactions, provide Services, report on your use of your Company's Brex Account, respond to your and their questions, comply with your and their requests, and otherwise comply with the law. In addition, your Company can assign different roles to Authorized Users, which will have different associated capabilities and permissions. We will disclose information about your use of the Services to other Authorized Users who may include members of your Company's finance department, your manager, a Company service provider or other Company personnel. Business customers are independent entities and their processing of information is subject to their own policies and terms.
Third Party Services.
We make available services and integrations to Third-Party Services and their providers if you or your Company use Third-Party Services in connection with the Services. For example, your Company Authorized User may request integration with third-party applications for payments. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party.
Identity Verification and Validation Services.
We disclose information as necessary to verify your identity and perform other compliance functions.
Security, Fraud Detection and Compelled Disclosure.
We disclose information to comply with the law, regulations, payment network rules, or legal process, investigate suspicious or potentially fraudulent activity, and where required in response to lawful requests by regulators, law enforcement, Financial Institution Partners and public authorities, including to meet national security, anti-money laundering or law enforcement requirements. We will also disclose information to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of us, the Services, our Business, or anyone else.
Financial Institution Partners.
We disclose information to Financial Institution Partners to support their customer identification, risk and compliance programs, and so they can determine eligibility for, and provide, products and services to our business customers, either directly or through us. For example, we may disclose your Contact Information, Identifying Data and other Company information and documentation so a Financial Institution Partner can validate your Company's eligibility to receive, and deliver, card, payments, and international transfer capabilities through our Services.
Brex Rewards.
We may share personal information about you and your Company's Brex Account as necessary to determine your Company's eligibility for rewards and to facilitate the rewards program effectively.
Marketing and Advertising.
We disclose information to vendors, platforms, analytics providers and other parties for marketing and advertising related purposes. For more information on our online advertising practices, see the "Analytics and Advertising" section below. If you connect your bank account to your Company's Brex Account, we will not disclose your bank account Information to market our Business on advertising platforms.
Mergers and Acquisition.
If Brex goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its businesses, services, or assets, your personal information may be among the assets transferred. In accordance with applicable laws, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any transfer of personal information to an unaffiliated third party.
Referrals and Joint Marketing.
We may share information about you and your Company's Brex Account to our partners in connection with facilitating referral partnerships or engaging in joint marketing activities. For example, if you or your Company were referred to us through a referral partner, we may disclose information with our referral partner to confirm the status of your application and to calculate the referral fee.
At Your Request.
We may share personal information at your request or direction.
With Notice to You and Your Consent.
We may otherwise disclose information after providing notice to you and obtaining your consent.
Notwithstanding the above, we may disclose information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by law or contractual obligation applicable to us. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we share information about you, please see the "Your Rights and Choices" section below.
5. How Long We Keep Personal Information
We keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Policy, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements.
Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different Services, actual retention periods can vary significantly. We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information based on the amount, nature and sensitivity of your personal information processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information and whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, as well as applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation).
Please note that our retention obligations may require us to retain your Personal Information after you are no longer an Authorized User or your Company’s Brex Account has closed. These retention obligations may also prohibit us in some cases from deleting Personal Information after you have asked us to delete your Personal Information. When the applicable retention period elapses, we will delete or de-identify your Personal Information in accordance with our policies and procedures.
6. Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising
Where permitted under laws applicable to our Business, we use analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand how users access and use the Website and other aspects of our business. In addition, we work with agencies, advertisers, ad networks, and other technology services to place advertisements on our behalf on other websites and services. For example, we may place ads through Google, LinkedIn and Facebook that you may view on their platforms as well as on other websites and services.
As part of this process, we may use tracking technologies (including incorporating them into our Website and emails), as well as incorporating into our ads displayed on other websites and services. Some of these tracking technologies may track your activities across time and services for purposes of associating the different devices you use, and delivering relevant ads and/or other content to you (
"Interest-based Advertising"
).
For further information on the types of tracking technologies we use and your rights and choices regarding analytics and Interest-based Advertising, please see the "Your Rights and Choices" section below. You will continue to see advertising, including potentially from us, even if you opt out of personalized advertising.
7. International Data Transfers
Personal information we collect may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States or in any other country where we or our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities, operate, or provide services. We maintain primary data centers in the United States. We take steps designed to ensure that the personal information we collect under this Privacy Policy is processed as described in this Privacy Policy and according to any applicable laws.
For personal information transferred from the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, we will provide appropriate safeguards, such as through the use of the relevant standard contractual clauses. For further information on these transfers and the relevant appropriate safeguards, please see the "Additional Disclosures for Data Subjects in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom" section below.
8. Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies to enable our systems to recognize your browser or device, to provide our Services, and to improve your experience. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
. This notice also describes how you may opt out of the use of personal information stored in cookies, such as browser cookies, for targeted or cross-contextual behavioral advertising.
9. Security
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of trust programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from Brex by using encryption protocols and software.
We maintain technical, physical, and organizational safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
However, no security measure or modality of data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. Although we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee absolute security. You are solely responsible for protecting your password, limiting access to your devices, and signing out of websites after your sessions.
10. Your Rights and Choices
Region-Specific Rights.
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have certain rights regarding your personal information. For region-specific terms, please see the bottom of this Privacy Policy. In addition, irrespective of your location, you have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain Brex Services.
Company Brex Account.
Brex Services are intended for use by business customers, and you may only use a Brex Account if you are an Authorized User of a Company that has opened a Brex Account. The information in a Company's Brex Account is governed by our Agreement with the business customer. You should direct questions about Personal Information we are processing on behalf of a Company to that Company's administrators. If you are an Authorized User, you may also be able to access, update, or delete certain information within your Company's Brex Account through the Services, provided that the Company and its administrators are responsible for determining how that data is processed.
Marketing Communications.
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the instructions as provided in emails to click on the unsubscribe link. Please note that you cannot opt-out of non-promotional emails, such as those about your Company's Brex Account, transactions, servicing, or our ongoing business relations. If you have opted in to receiving text or SMS messages related to your use of the Services, you can opt-out at any time by texting "STOP" to the short code. After you send the SMS message "STOP" to us, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. Text messaging originator opt-in data and consent will not be shared, sold, rented or otherwise disclosed by us for marketing purposes.
Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising. You may opt out of online behavioral advertising on the Internet by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative
, or the
Digital Advertising Alliance
opt-out pages. You may also opt out of online behavioral (sometimes called “interest-based” or "cross-contextual") advertising on your mobile device by some mobile advertising companies and other similar entities by downloading the
App Choices App
. Google provides tools to allow you to opt out of the use of certain information collected by Google Analytics at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
and by Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network at
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb
.
Opting out only means that the selected participants should no longer deliver certain targeted ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., in connection with the participants' other customers or from other technology services). Any such targeted advertising will only be carried out to the extent that it is permitted by applicable law. Please note that if you opt out using any of these methods, the opt out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. Except as required by applicable law, we are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any opt-out options or programs, or the accuracy of any other entities' statements regarding their opt-out options or programs.
Browser and devices.
The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. For more information about Brex’s use of cookies and other identifiers, see our
Cookie Notice
.
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track" signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, we do not monitor or take action with respect to "Do Not Track" signals. For more information on "Do Not Track," visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
. Note that if you are a California resident, you may exercise your right to opt-out of sales or sharing through preference signals. Please visit the "Additional Disclosures for California Residents" section below for details.
Please be aware that if you disable or remove tracking technologies some parts of our Services, Website and Business may not function correctly.
11. Children's Personal Information
We do not provide our Services to children. We do not knowingly collect personal information (as defined by the U.S. Children's Privacy Protection Act, or
"COPPA"
) from children under 13. We also do not knowingly "share" or "sell," as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act, the personal information of minors under 16 who are California residents. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have violated this provision, please contact us at the address stated under the "How to Contact Us" section below.
12. Changes to this Privacy Notice
The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, it may be necessary for Brex to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Brex reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we have an existing relationship with you, you represent a Company, or if you are an Authorized User, we may provide you notice through our Website or your Company's Brex Account or directly using the Contact Information provided to us. If we do not have an existing relationship with you---for instance, if you only visit our Website---any notice we provide will be posted to our Website. Any privacy notice is effective upon posting or when it is provided to you. Please review this page periodically, and especially before you provide any personal information to us. This Privacy Policy was last updated to be effective as of the “Last Updated” date indicated at the top. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all personal information we collect, how we use and otherwise process it and under what circumstances we will disclose it to third parties
13. Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or privacy practices, or if you wish to lodge a complaint about our privacy practices, please contact us:
Online:
Brex Privacy Center
By mail: Brex Privacy, 650 S 500 W, Suite 300, Salt Lake City, UT 84101
If you experience any difficulties accessing the information in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@brex.com.
If you have any questions about the Customer Data handled by your Company, please contact your Company’s Administrator.
14. Additional Disclosures for California Residents
These additional disclosures apply only to California residents and only to the extent applicable.
Notice of Collection
The California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA") provides additional rights and requires businesses collecting or disclosing personal information to provide notices and means to exercise rights. In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information enumerated in the CPRA:
Identifiers
, including name, postal address, email address, and online identifiers (such as IP address).
Customer records,
including phone number, billing address, bank account and credit or debit card information.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law,
including gender.
Commercial or transaction information,
including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered.
Internet activity,
including browsing history, search history, and interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement.
Non-Precise Geolocation data.
Employment and education information.
Inferences
drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences.
For further details on personal information we collect, including the sources from which we receive information, review the "Information that Brex Collects" section above. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in the "How We Use Information" section above. We disclose the personal information to the categories of persons set out in the "Disclosure of Information" section above. Please visit those sections for further details.
Right to Know, Correct and Delete
You have the right to know certain details about our data practices. In particular, you may request the following from us:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold or shared;
The categories of persons to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold or shared;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling or sharing the personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
In addition, subject to exceptions, you have the right to correct or delete the personal information we have collected from you.
To exercise any of your rights, please submit a request through our
Privacy Center
. We will confirm receipt of your request and respond to your request within the time limits prescribed by law. We may require specific information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests.
If personal information about you has been processed by us as a service provider on behalf of a business customer, please inquire with the business customer directly to exercise your rights. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our business customer on whose behalf we processed your personal information. We will refer your request to that business customer, and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
Retention
We retain each category of personal information for the length of time that is reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements.
Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. However, we may require signed proof of the agent's permission to do so and verify your identity directly. Requests must be submitted through the designated methods listed above.
Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any of your rights.
Additional Notice and Opt-Out
Under the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"), some marketing activities may be considered a "share" or "sale" even if no money is received for sharing the data. We may share categories of information such as identifiers, characteristics, internet activity, non-precise geolocation data, and inferences with third parties for business purposes, but we do not receive any monetary compensation from those third parties for doing so. The third parties we share with include vendors engaged in cross-context targeted advertising. To the extent that our marketing activities constitute a "share" or "sale" of your personal information, you can opt out. To opt out, you can modify your cookie choices as described in our
Cookie Notice
or activate
Global Privacy Control
on all applicable devices.
Shine the Light
Customers who are residents of California may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties' own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclose such information. To exercise a request, please write to us at privacy@brex.com or the postal address set out in "Contact Us'' above and specify that you are making a "California Shine the Light Request." We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year.
15. Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents
Nevada law (NRS 603A.340) requires each business to establish a designated request address where Nevada consumers may submit requests directing the business not to sell certain kinds of personal information that the business has collected or will collect about the consumer. A sale under Nevada law is the exchange of personal information for monetary consideration by the business to a third party for the third party to license or sell the personal information to other third parties. If you are a Nevada consumer and wish to submit a request relating to our compliance with Nevada law, please refer to the "Contact Us" section above.
16. Additional Disclosures for Virginia Residents
Virginia provides additional rights to Virginia residents through the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA"). This section addresses those rights and applies only to Virginia residents acting in an individual or household context.
You have the following rights under the VCDPA:
To confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information
To access your personal information
To correct inaccuracies in your personal information
To delete your personal information
To obtain a copy of your personal information that you previously provided to us in a portable and readily usable format
To opt out of the processing of personal information for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal information, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you
To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our
Privacy Center
. We will respond to your request within the time limits prescribed by law. We may require specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. If personal information about you has been processed by us as a processor on behalf of a business customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal information, please inquire with the business customer directly. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of the business customer on whose behalf we processed your personal information. We will refer your request to that business customer, and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
17. Additional Disclosures for Data Subjects in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom
Roles
Brex may process personal information in accordance with the instructions of or on behalf of a business customer, including when providing Services to a Company under an agreement. In this context, Brex acts as a processor and the business customer acts as a controller. Brex may also act as a controller when directly determining the processing of personal information in other Business contexts set out in this Policy, like complying with regulatory obligations applicable to our Business.
Lawful Basis for Processing
Data protection laws in Europe require a "lawful basis" for processing personal information. Our lawful bases include where: (a) you have given consent to the processing for one or more specific purposes, either to us or to our service providers, partners, or business customers; (b) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract; (c) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or (d) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or a third party, and your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms do not override those interests.
International Transfers
We may transfer your personal information to our operations in the United States or to our service providers or other third parties in the United States or in other countries - this may involve the transfer of your personal information to countries which have different data protection standards to those which apply in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom.
Some of these countries are subject to a European Commission and/or UK government adequacy decision. For other countries, Brex has put in place the relevant European Commission or UK government-approved standard contractual clauses with the relevant third parties to ensure that your personal information is protected with appropriate safeguards. We may also rely on other permitted data transfer mechanisms.
Your Data Subject Rights
You may have certain statutory rights relating to your personal information. Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to access and rectify your personal information, to require us to erase your personal information or to transfer it to other organizations, and to object to the processing of your personal information. Where we process your personal information because we have a legitimate interest in doing so (as explained above), you may have a right to object to this. You may also have the right to restrict processing of your personal information in certain circumstances. These rights may be limited in some situations, for example, where we can demonstrate that we have legitimate grounds to process your personal information. In addition, you have the right to ask us not to process your personal information (or provide it to third parties to process) for marketing purposes or purposes materially different from those for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. You may withdraw your consent at any time for any processing of your personal information which we do based on consent you have provided to us.
To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our
Privacy Center
. We will respond to your request within the time limits prescribed by law. We may require specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. If your personal information has been processed by us as a processor on behalf of a business customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal information, please inquire with our business customer directly. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our business customer on whose behalf we processed your personal information. We will refer your request to that business customer, and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
Retention of your personal information
Please note that we retain personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected from you and/or our business customers, and may continue to retain and use your personal information for purposes of our legitimate interests and/or as necessary to comply (or demonstrate compliance with) with our legal/regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our rights.
We hope that we can satisfy any queries that you may have about the way we process your personal information. However, if you have any issues with our compliance, you may contact us at privacy@brex.com. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction if you have any unresolved concerns. You can lodge the complaint in the country where you reside, where you work or where any alleged infringement of data protection law occurred.
18. Additional Disclosures for Individuals Located in Brazil
Controller of Personal Information.
Brex, Inc., 650 S 500 W, Suite 300, Salt Lake City, UT 84101 is the data controller for the personal information covered by this Privacy Policy.
Processing.The Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”) requires a legal basis for our use of personal information. Our basis varies depending on the specific purpose for which we use personal information. We use personal information for the following legal bases:
Performance of a contract
, such as when we provide you with our Services, or communicate with you about them. This includes when we use your personal information to process your order, administer your account, provide you with support, and process payments.
Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers
, such as when we operate, develop, or improve our Services, when we analyze your behavior in the course of your interaction with our Services, when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, and when we advertise or market to you through direct marketing.
Your consent
, when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop processing your data for that purpose.
Compliance with a legal obligation
, when we use your personal information to comply with laws.
These and other legal bases
, depending on the purpose for which we use personal information.
Your Rights. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means;
if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
If you wish to do any of these things, please contact us at the address stated under "
Contact Us
" above, stating the country in which you are located.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. We may transfer personal information from Brazil to other countries that may not have the same level of data protection that applies in your jurisdiction. In these cases, we use a variety of legal mechanisms to ensure that the recipient of your personal information offers an adequate level of protection, or where required, we will ask you for your prior consent.
19. Additional Disclosures for Individuals Located in Canada
Your Rights and Choices
Subject to limited exceptions under applicable Canadian law, you may have the right to access, update, correct inaccuracies in, and withdraw consent (subject to reasonable prior notice and applicable legal and contractual restrictions) to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide our Website, Services or other aspects of our Business. To exercise any of these or other rights applicable to you under Canadian privacy laws, please contact us as set out in the "Contact Information" section below. We may require specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request.
If personal information about you has been processed by us on behalf of a business customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with respect to such personal information, we encourage you to inquire with our business customer directly. If you are a resident of the province of Quebec, please note that we transfer and store personal information outside of the province. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our business customer on whose behalf we process your personal information, and we may refer your request to that business customer. We will assist our business customers in responding to your request.
Governance Policies and Practices
We are committed to protecting personal information and have implemented policies and practices that govern our treatment of personal information, including:
policies and procedures regarding the protection, retention and disposition of personal information, including with respect to the implementation of security safeguards designed to protect personal information against loss or theft and unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, and modification;
a framework that sets out roles and responsibilities of our personnel in connection with the handling of information in our possession and control;
a
Trust Center
with information about the security and privacy of our Business, including our compliance with relevant audit standards and security frameworks;
processes for responding to data subject requests and complaints in a timely and effective manner; and
employee data protection training and awareness.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or the manner in which we or our service providers (including our service providers outside Canada) treat your personal information, to withdraw your consent, or to request access to or correction of your personal information, please submit a request through our
Privacy Center
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.brex.com/legal/applicant-privacy-policy-global:
Table of Contents
Platform Agreement
Prohibited and Restricted Activities
User Terms
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Addendum
Applicant Privacy Policy
Applicant Privacy Policy (Spanish)
Rewards
Brex Card Terms
Issuer Terms
Brex Business Accounts
Brex Treasury
Brex Payments
Brex Travel
API Agreement
Mobile Terms of Service
Financial Crimes Compliance Statement
Subpoenas and Legal Information Requests
Commonly Asked Questions
Table of Contents
Applicant Privacy Policy
Revised August 31, 2023
OVERVIEW
This Applicant Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) describes how Brex Inc., Brex Technologies UK Limited and Brex Treasury LLC and their affiliates (“
Brex
”, “
Company
”, "
we
", "
us
" and "
our
") collect, uses, and disclose information about individuals who are applicants for engagement with Brex as an employee, contractor, consultant, and other contingent worker of the Company (hereinafter “
Applicants
”, and "
you
").
We may update this Policy from time to time. We may also provide you additional privacy policies regarding our collection, use or disclosure of information, as applicable. When we update this Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if, and where, required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Policy was last updated by checking the “Effective Date" displayed at the top of this Policy. We encourage you to check back
here
periodically in order to be aware of the most recent version of this Policy.
This Policy does not apply to the Company’s handling of data gathered about Applicants arising from their role as a user of Company products and services. When interacting with the Company in that role, the Brex Privacy Policy associated with the relevant service applies.
Please read this Policy and any other privacy policies carefully.
DATA COLLECTION
Brex collects, stores, and uses various types of personal information through the application and recruitment process. Brex collects such information either directly from Applicants or (where applicable) from another person or entity, such as an employment agency or consultancy, background check provider, or other referral sources.
The categories and specific Applicant personal information Brex collects and/or processes are:
Identification and contact information and related identifiers
, such as real name, alias, preferred name, pronouns, home postal address, home telephone number, personal email address, personal mobile number, online account name/screen name, or handle, and such information about an Applicant’s beneficiaries or emergency contacts.
Recruitment, employment, or engagement information
such as application forms and information included in a resume, cover letter, or otherwise provided through any application and recruitment process including communication regarding recruitment, and our evaluations of your performance during the interview process. We also may collect Applicants' websites and professional networking addresses. Where permitted by law, and required by job responsibility, we may also collect criminal background check information.
Personal Characteristics and Voluntary Demographic Data
, such as race, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, preferred pronouns, or gender.
Sensory information
, such as videos and recordings of audio interviews.
Government-Issued Identification Numbers
, such as driver’s license, operator’s license, or other motor vehicle information, passport number, social security number, birth certificate number, and other state or federal issued IDs.
Financial Information
, such as credit history or credit checks.
Education Information
, such as degrees or schooling, licenses and professional memberships, certifications, trainings, academic record, and other non-publicly available educational record information held by an education institution.
Professional or employment-related information
, such as job titles, work history, work dates and work locations, employment, service or engagement agreements, contact and identification information about an Applicant’s references, appraisal and performance information, information about skills, qualifications, experience, publications, speaking engagements, and preferences (e.g., mobility), absence and leave records, disciplinary and grievance information, and termination information.
DATA USE
Brex collects, uses, shares, and stores personal information from job applicants for the operational purposes of Brex and its service providers in the recruitment and hiring process such as those listed below.
Purpose: Recruitment
Processing applications; tracking applications through the recruitment process; evaluating applicants for current and, as permitted by applicable laws, future job opportunities, (including matching skills and interests to applicable job requirements); making hiring decisions.
Examples of personal information that may be processed:
Information concerning your application. This includes: your personal details, education and qualification details; as well as any relevant recordings e.g. of your interview. We also process: our assessment of your application; the fact of your application and our record of it, your references; any checks Brex may make to verify information provided or background checks (including criminal and credit history); any tests required for your position; and any information connected with your right to work. If relevant, we may also process information concerning your health, any disability and in connection with any adjustments to working arrangements. This may also include potentially legally protected classification information to the extent required or as permitted by law; and indirect identification information (such as publicly available social network profiles you provide).
Grounds for processing, if applicable under law:
Legal obligation, Legitimate interests.
Purpose: Contacting you or others on your behalf
Communicating with applicants throughout the hiring process; contacting references / beneficiaries with Applicant authorization; (as permitted by applicable laws) contacting you in the future about other opportunities if you are not hired.
Examples of personal information that may be processed:
Your address and phone number; emergency contact information and relevant beneficiaries / references. In case you authorize us to contact beneficiaries and references, you warrant that you have their authorization to provide their personal information, and you are responsible for informing them the terms and reasons for which we will contact them and, if applicable, the processing of their personal information in accordance with this Policy, as well as the means to access the full content thereof.
Grounds for processing, if applicable under law:
Consent, Contract, Legitimate interests.
Purpose: Verifying your residency and right to work
Examples of personal information that may be processed:
Information including your citizenship; passport data; and details of residency or work permit.
Grounds for processing, if applicable under law:
Legal obligation.
Purpose: Supporting and managing any health concerns
Examples of personal information that may be processed:
To the extent required or permitted by local law, information concerning your health, including self-certification forms, fit notes and medical and occupational health reports.
Grounds for processing, if applicable under law:
Contract, Legal obligation, Legitimate interests, Vital interests.
Purpose: Physical and system security
Examples of personal information that may be processed:
Information used in detecting security incidents, debugging and repairing errors, and preventing unauthorized access to our computer and electronic communications systems (including biometric identification information) and preventing malicious software distribution; and monitoring.
Grounds for processing, if applicable under law:
Legal obligation, Legitimate interests.
Purpose: Internal Analysis
Understanding the applicants who apply and to improve the Company’s recruitment and interviewing process
Examples of personal information that may be processed:
Information related to your experience as a Brex applicant (e.g. via applicant feedback surveys) including: your name; title; unit/department applied for; and location.
Grounds for processing, if applicable under law:
Legitimate interests.
Purpose: Monitoring of diversity and equal opportunities
Examples of personal information that may be processed:
To the extent required or permitted by local law, information on your nationality, racial and ethnic origin, gender and gender pronouns, sexual orientation, religion, disability and age.
Grounds for processing, if applicable under law:
Legitimate interests, Consent.
Purpose: Disputes and legal proceedings
The Company may sometimes need to use applicant information for legal purposes, such as in connection with any challenges made to Brex’s hiring decisions.
Examples of personal information that may be processed:
The Company may sometimes need to use applicant information for legal purposes, such as in connection with any challenges made to Brex’s hiring decisions.
Grounds for processing, if applicable under law:
Legitimate interests, Legal obligation.
Purpose: Compliance with any other legal requirements
Examples of personal information that may be processed:
Information relevant to our tax records, auditing requirements.
Information about Union membership, professional association membership, and licensure-related organizational memberships.
Grounds for processing, if applicable under law:
Legal obligation.
The following purposes are considered secondary purposes under applicable data protection laws: (i) evaluating applicants for future job opportunities; and (ii) contacting you in the future about other opportunities if you are not hired. If you do not want your personal information to be processed for these secondary or accessory purposes, you may reach out to the People team and opt-out at
people@brex.com
.
We may also use personal information for any other legally permitted purpose (subject to your consent, where legally required).
As identified in the table above, under EU and UK data protection laws, there are various grounds on which we can rely when processing your personal information. Similar grounds may apply outside the EU and UK or some grounds may be inapplicable in some jurisdictions, e.g., Mexico. In some contexts more than one ground applies. We have summarized these grounds as Contract, Legal Obligation, Legitimate Interests, Vital Interests and Consent and outline what those terms mean below.
Term: Contract
Grounds for processing:
Processing necessary for performance of a contract with you or to take steps at your request to enter a contract
Explanation:
We need your personal information to perform a contract for services with you. This covers carrying out our contractual duties and exercising our contractual rights.
Term: Legal Obligation
Grounds for processing:
Processing necessary to comply with our legal obligations
Explanation:
Ensuring we perform our legal and regulatory obligations in particular in the area of labor and employment law, social security and protection law, data protection law, tax law, and corporate compliance laws. For example, providing a safe place of work and avoiding unlawful discrimination.
Term: Legitimate Interests
Grounds for processing:
Processing necessary for legitimate interest
Explanation:
We or a third party have legitimate interests in carrying on, managing and administering our respective businesses effectively and properly and in connection with those interests processing your data.
Your data will not be processed on this basis if our or a third party's interests are overridden by your own interests, rights and freedoms.
This includes:
implementation and operation of a group-wide matrix structure and group-wide information sharing
to help us conduct our business more effectively and efficiently – for example for general HR resourcing, IT security/management, accounting purposes, or financial planning
prevention of fraud, misuse of Brex IT system, or money laundering
operation of a whistleblowing/compliance hotline
addressing physical security, IT and network security, and
conducting internal investigations.
Term: Vital Interests
Grounds for processing:
Processing necessary to protect your vital interests or those of another person
Explanation:
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information necessary to protect health or life in an emergency circumstance (e.g. if you have a medical emergency at one of our offices and paramedics request information about your allergies / diabetes / etc.).
Term: Consent
Grounds for processing:
You have given specific consent to processing your data
Explanation:
In general, processing of your data in connection with employment will not be conditional on your consent. However, there may be occasions where we do specific things such as contacting a referee, seeking to monitor diversity or obtaining medical reports and rely on your consent to our doing so.
Certain information we collect may be “
sensitive Personal Information
”, “
special category data
” or otherwise sensitive under the data protection laws applicable to your country. Any such processing is undertaken in compliance with applicable laws.
For US Residents, except where you provide such information voluntarily on your resume or in your application, or for the purpose of requesting an accommodation during the recruitment process, or if you provide government identification or driver’s license information, we do not collect personal information that is considered “sensitive” under applicable law during the recruitment process. We do not use or disclose such information other than for disclosed and permitted business purposes for which there is not a right to limit under the applicable law.
For EU and UK residents, if we process special category data (or criminal conviction data) about you, we will make sure that one or more of the following legal grounds applies: (i) you have provided your explicit consent; (ii) the processing is necessary for the purposes of your or our obligations and rights in relation to employment in so far as it is authorized by law or collective agreement; (iii) the processing protects your or our legitimate interests and relates to data about you that you have made public (e.g. if you tell us that you are ill); (iv) the processing protects your or our legitimate interests and the processing is necessary for the purpose of establishing, making or defending legal claims; or (v) the processing is necessary to protect you or someone else's vital interests (e.g. if you have a medical emergency at one of our offices office and paramedics request information about your allergies / diabetes / etc.). Further, we will ensure that any processing satisfies the additional "conditions for processing" under local laws including:
Sensitive Personal Data: Criminal History
Conditions for processing:
Performing or exercising obligations or rights which are imposed or conferred by law on you or us in connection with employment, social security or social protection. Protecting the public against / regulatory requirements relating to unlawful acts and dishonesty.
Sensitive Personal Data: Union membership information
Conditions for processing:
Insurance purposes, Occupational Pensions
Sensitive Personal Data: Biometric information
Conditions for processing:
Preventing Fraud
Sensitive Personal Data: Health information and gender information
Conditions for processing:
Assessment of the working capacity of an applicant
Sensitive Personal Data: Religious or philosophical beliefs
Conditions for processing:
Identifying or keeping under review the existence or absence of equality of opportunity or treatment between groups of people specified in relation to that category with a view to enabling such equality to be promoted or maintained
Sensitive Personal Data: Racial/ethnic origin, sexual orientation, and/or disability status
Conditions for processing:
Identifying or keeping under review the existence or absence of equality of opportunity or treatment between groups of people specified in relation to that category with a view to enabling such equality to be promoted or maintained. As part of a process of identifying suitable individuals to hold senior positions in a particular organization, a type of organization or organizations generally.
DATA DISCLOSURE
Brex will disclose the personal information of applicants to the following types of entities or in the following circumstances (where applicable):
Internally:
to people within the Company who are involved in the recruiting and hiring process.
Service Providers:
such as technology service providers, travel management providers, human resources suppliers, background check companies, recruitment consultants, and employment agencies or recruiters, where applicable. These entities process your Personal Information on Brex’s behalf in performing services for Brex, and are subject to contractual restrictions on use of your Personal Information. These are considered as transmissions under data protection laws such as Mexico.
Service Provider: Checkr and HireRight
Services:
Background check / Verification Services
Personal data:
Name, Email, Phone, Home address, Gender, Birth month and day, Social Security Number, Social Media details
Service Provider: Greenhouse
Services:
Applicant Tracking System
Personal data:
Name, Email, EEOC, Pronouns, Resume, Phone Number, Email, Address (City, State, Country)
Service Provider: ModernLoop
Services:
Scheduling tool
Personal data:
Name, Email, Phone Number, Position, Availability, Time Zone
Service Provider: Gem
Services:
Sourcing / CRM / Analytics
Personal data:
Name, Email, Resume, Location (Country)
Service Provider: Metaview
Services:
Interview Note-taker
Personal data:
Video records and transcribes interview
Service Provider: LinkedIn
Services:
Sourcing Tool
Personal data:
Name, Email, Location
Service Provider: Codesignal
Services:
Coding Assessment Software
Personal data:
Name, Email, IP Address, location
Service Provider: Seekout
Services:
Sourcing Tool
Personal data:
Name, Email, Phone, Location (City, State, Country)
Legal compliance and exercising legal rights:
to governmental authorities, agencies, entities or to service providers (i) when required to do so by law, regulation, or court order, (ii) in response to a request for assistance by the police or other law enforcement agency, (iii) to seek legal advice from our external lawyers, (iv) in connection with litigation, or (v) to seek medical attention or to address any other emergency. These are considered as transfers under data protection laws such as Mexico.
Business Transaction Purposes:
to potential buyers in the event of a merger, sale of capital stock or assets, or similar transaction (or the due diligence in contemplation thereof), in Mexico, only if such transfer is necessary by virtue of a contract concluded or to be concluded by the data controller and a third party, in the Applicants’ interest.
Consent:
with your consent and as permitted by law, we may share personal information with other third parties. These may be considered as transfers under Mexican law.
DATA RETENTION
The personal information we collect from Applicants, including any sensitive personal information voluntarily provided by Applicants, and, subject to the terms of the applicable law, will be retained until we determine it is no longer necessary to satisfy the purposes for which it was collected and our legal obligations. In determining how long to retain information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information, the purposes for which we process the personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes in other ways, the applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests.
For example, we will keep certain information about former applicants (e.g. your address and phone number) for as long as necessary for our legitimate interests in keeping this information as part of our organizational history and to confirm the facts of your recruitment with us and to comply with law. The purposes we process information (as well as the other factors listed above) may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information. For example, applicant names in email headers may be kept indefinitely depending on the nature of the email.
We may also retain certain information to deal with and resolve requests and complaints (for example, if there is an ongoing dispute surrounding Brex's hiring decisions this information would be retained until the legal claim had been concluded); or to protect individuals' rights and property (for example, we will retain information about a data subject access request for five years after the request is dealt with in case there is a subsequent complaint and the information is needed to demonstrate how the request was handled).
ADDITIONAL PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
California residents have certain rights regarding their personal information. Subject to certain exceptions, if you are a California resident, you may request:
access to your personal information including the right to know the categories of personal information we have or will collect about you and the reason we will or have collected such information;
correction of the personal information that we have or will hold about you that is inaccurate;
deletion or removal of your personal information.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against (as provided for in California law) for exercising your rights.
Exceptions to Your Rights:
There are certain exceptions to these above rights. For instance, we may retain your personal information if it is reasonably necessary for us or our service providers to provide a service that you have requested or to comply with law or to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Exercising Your Rights:
To exercise one of the rights above, you may contact us as provided below.
We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request. In doing so, we may ask you for verification information so that we can match at least two verification points with information we maintain in our files about you. If we are unable to verify you through this method, we shall have the right, but not the obligation, to request additional information from you.
California law places certain obligations on businesses that “sell” personal information to third parties or “share” personal information with third parties for “cross-context behavioral advertising” as those terms are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). We do not “sell” or “share” the personal information covered by this Policy and have not done so in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Policy.
ADDITIONAL PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR EU AND UK RESIDENTS
Your data protection rights
Brex Technologies UK Limited is the data controller for EU and UK resident applicants. Individuals located in the EU and UK have certain rights regarding their Personal Information.
Access your information.
You can ask the People Team, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. This applies irrespective of the legal basis we have relied upon to process your data.
Delete your information.
You can ask us to delete some or all of your information. [E.g. Applicants can delete outdated information within the Applicant Portal or by emailing the People Team].
Rectify your information.
Brex will make reasonable efforts to ensure that Personal Information collected, used, or disclosed is accurate and complete. However, please notify the People Team to request that Brex correct any errors or omissions in information about you that we may have on file.
Port your information.
You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. [E.g. Applicants can download copies of their completed application form from the Applicant Portal].
Object to the processing of your information.
You also have the right to object to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party. In submitting an objection request to the People Team, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims.
Restrict the processing of your information.
You can ask the People Team to restrict processing of your personal data where: (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defense of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
Withdraw consent.
If we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time by using the contact details provided under the "How to Contact Us About This Policy" heading below. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Right to complain.
You have the right to complain to a supervisory authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority[ies]. Contact details for the supervisory authority in the UK (the Information Commissioner's Office) are available
here
and in the EU
here
.
Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. Brex Technologies UK Limited will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, Brex Technologies UK Limited will liaise with other Brex entities.
To exercise any of your rights see specific instructions below or contact us using the contact details provided under "How to Contact Us About This Policy" heading below. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or provide additional information so that we can understand your request.
Automated decision-making
In some instances, our use of your personal data will result in automated decisions being taken (including profiling) that legally affect you or similarly significantly affect you.
Automated decisions mean that a decision concerning you is made automatically based on a computer determination (using software algorithms), without any human review. For example we may use automated decisions for:
automated screening of CVs. This involves processing automated scanning of CV documents to screen out applications lacking mandatory requirements (e.g. no legal qualifications for a legal counsel role). To safeguard your rights and interest, all CV screening suggestions must be reviewed by a human supervisor before being approved.
When we make an automated decision about you, you have the right to contest the decision, to express your point of view, and to require a human review of the decision. You can exercise this right by contacting us using the contact details provided under the "How to Contact Us About This Policy" heading below.
International Data Transfers
In some cases, where your personal data is transferred to another Brex company or third parties, it is processed in countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, we are headquartered in the United States and may use service providers that operate in the United States and other countries. Therefore, we may transfer your personal information to recipients outside of the UK and EU. Some of these recipients are located in countries which have been formally recognized as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information by the Secretary of State in the UK and the European Commission in the EU, in which case, we rely on the relevant "adequacy decisions".
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision or regulations, we take appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal information remains protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws by entering into appropriate data transfer mechanism permitted under Article 46 of the UK GDPR, such as the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum.
Our Standard Contractual Clauses entered into by our group companies and with our third party service providers and partners.
ADDITIONAL PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR MEXICO RESIDENTS
Your data protection rights
Brex Financial Technologies, S. De R.L. De C.V. is the data controller for Mexican resident applicants; its address for purposes of this Policy is 50 W Broadway, Ste 333, #15548, Salt Lake City, UT 84101, which is herein appointed to hear and receive notices. Individuals located in the Mexico have certain rights regarding their personal information: (i) rights of Access, Rectification, Cancellation and Opposition ("ARCO Rights"); (ii) revoke the consent granted to the Controller for the processing of Personal Data; and (iii) limit the use or disclosure of Personal Data.
How to exercise your data protection rights
You may send an email to
people@brex.com
and we will send you more information regarding the process through which you can exercise these rights. Our data privacy department oversees the processing of any personal data requests.
Data Transfers
We disclose your personal data for administrative purposes to affiliated or subsidiary companies of Brex Financial Technologies or other companies of its group, if they protect the personal information according to the same processes and internal policies, this is considered a personal information transfer under Mexican data protection laws.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Nothing in this Policy shall be construed as limiting or restricting applicants from properly exercising any rights or entitlements under applicable federal, state, or local laws and regulations. To the extent anything in this Policy may conflict with any applicable law, such law will control.
Nothing in this Policy shall be construed as conferring any contractual right, either express or implied, to employment with Brex.
HOW TO CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, please contact us at
privacy@brex.com
.
If you believe that Personal Information has been breached, please contact the Security Team immediately at
security@brex.com
.
ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY NOTICE.
I have read this Policy and give my express consent for my personal information to be processed in accordance with the provisions therein by submitting my application and associated information on this date.
You may read this Policy in Spanish
here
.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.brex.com/:
🌱 Spring Release is here! Customize anything. Control everything. →
Make every dollar count.
Spend smarter with modern cards, banking, bill pay, accounting, and travel — in 120+ countries.
Get started
Brex is a financial technology company, not a bank. Checking and banking services provided by Column N.A., Member FDIC.
See Brex in action
Make every dollar count.
Spend smarter with modern cards, banking, bill pay, accounting, and travel — in 120+ countries.
Get started
See Brex in action
Brex is a financial technology company, not a bank. Checking and banking services provided by Column N.A., Member FDIC.
30,000+ companies control spend before it happens with Brex.
The card is just the start.
Everything you need to control spend, automate busywork, and earn more — at your fingertips.
Corporate cards
Spend smart globally with powerful cards and built-in controls.
Expense management
Use AI to automate approvals and expense reports. Track in real time.
Travel
Simplify global travel with in-app booking and management.
Bill pay
Save time with AI-powered invoice entry and payment automation.
Banking and treasury
Save, spend, and grow your cash with
3.94%
yield — from day one.
Spend smarter at every stage of growth.
Startups
Get the only complete financial stack designed to help start and scale your business.
Learn more
→
Mid-size companies
Spend smarter worldwide with AI-powered budgets, expenses, payments, and travel.
Learn more
→
Enterprises
Simplify global travel and expenses with automation that makes compliance easy.
Learn more
→
Give your finance team superpowers.
Maximize every resource with AI-powered controls, payments, and accounting.
Control spend before it happens.
Set budgets and allocate spend limits with auto-enforced controls that empower employees to spend wisely. Track and adjust in real time to keep everyone on budget and maximize impact.
Explore Brex cards
→
Make doing your expenses easy.
Make expenses a breeze for employees and managers with automated receipts, an AI-powered expense assistant, in-app travel bookings and itinerary changes. All in a five-star mobile app.
Explore Brex expense management
→
Maximize your spending power.
Unlock
3.94%
yield, fast global payments, 20x higher credit limits, and cash back with a Brex business account. Plus, safeguard your capital with up to $6M in additional FDIC insurance through our program banks*.
Explore Brex business accounts
→
Pay vendors faster and easier.
Save time with AI-powered automation of invoice entry, approval, and payments. Issue vendor-specific cards for any teams with per-transaction limits and procurement approval flows.
Explore Brex bill pay
→
Accelerate accounting with AI.
Save time with AI-generated suggestions and 1,000s of two-way ERP integrations. Book accruals for incomplete expenses with one click to close the books every day and automate GL coding by entity globally.
Explore Brex accounting automation
→
Save and earn more, only with Brex.
AI-powered automation
4,250 hours
Average time saved per year with Brex’s expense and accounting automation.
Best-in-class treasury
3.94%
yield
Same-day liquidity and built-in treasury that makes you money.
Superior policy compliance
99%
Average rate of expense policy compliance by employees on Brex.
Time and compliance metrics are from enterprise customers in July 2023 and for illustrative purposes only. The 99% compliance rate takes into account a cohort of top customers that follow our best-in-practice guidelines and recommendations. Yield is as of 12/4/23. Past performance does not guarantee future results, which may vary.
DoorDash
SeatGeek
Lemonade
“Brex has been a major gain for us in efficiency for T&E. It’s easy for employees to understand where and how to spend.”
—
Mike Kim
, Vice President of Finance, DoorDash
Read the case study
→
DoorDash
“Brex has been a major gain for us in efficiency for T&E. It’s easy for employees to understand where and how to spend.”
—
Mike Kim
, Vice President of Finance, DoorDash
Read the case study
→
SeatGeek
Lemonade
DoorDash
“Brex has been a major gain for us in efficiency for T&E. It’s easy for employees to understand where and how to spend.”
—
Mike Kim
, Vice President of Finance, DoorDash
Read the case study
→
SeatGeek
Lemonade
See what Brex can do for you.
Learn how our spend platform can increase the strategic impact of your finance team and future-proof your company.
Get started
See what Brex can do for you.
Learn how our spend platform can increase the strategic impact of your finance team and future-proof your company.
Get started
Insights on AI-powered spend management.
Reimagining global cards and travel management for the enterprise
The CEOs of Brex and Navan discuss how their partnership unlocks 100% travel payment reconciliation for enterprise companies.
5 ways AI can accelerate expense management
See how an AI expense assistant can make compliance effortless for employees and drive unprecedented efficiency across your org.
The future of procurement is automated and integrated
How modern companies approach procurement as part of a unified spend management system.
Why finance leaders are embracing AI-powered spend management
Some firms are using AI to increase control and ward off problems in finance and accounting. Are you?
AI, automation, and the future of accounting
Will AI replace my accountants? Probably not, says this CFO, but look for accounting roles to become more specialized as AI and automation go into hyperdrive.
How AI Can Increase Working Capital: Practical Tips and Strategies
Top finance leaders from Brex, Respaid (YC), Redis, and Grammarly explore how GenAI is transforming working capital management.
Controller's Council Webinar
Brex's Chief Accounting Officer explores how AI can automate manual tasks, deliver outputs for contract reviews and flux analysis, and free up time for growth.
Improve cash flow with Brex
Want to improve your cash flow processes? Discover the Brex advantage and automate cash forecasting, fraud detection, and reporting today.
How top CFOs balance financial spend controls and growth
Missing growth goals? Learn why your approach to financial spend controls might be the problem — and what to do about it.
<-
->
Sub-policy 2
https://privacy.brex.com/policies:
If you're seeing this message, that means
JavaScript has been disabled on your browser
, please
enable JS
to make this app work.
Sub-policy 3
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
GPC signal not detected.
Please
download a browser/extension
that supports it.
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl