Privacy Policy
What Is Covered By This Privacy Policy?
The privacy policy set out here applies to the KinkLife App. Once a member registers and/or logs in to their account, or in any other way crosses over to KinkLife, the privacy policy for pages on that subdomain applies.
What Information Do We Collect?
Information You Give Us:
Your gender and that of who you are seeking, when you fill out our preliminary form. We do not store this information.
Information Collected When You Use Our Site:
We also collect some non-personal, non-identifying data through our use of third-party analytics. We do not store this data ourselves, but it may be shared with our analytics and tracking providers Google Analytics, and Voluum (only for those who arrive through an advertising link). This data may include:
Anonymized IP address
Location (non-specific)
Browser type
Device type
Pages viewed
Links clicked
How you arrived at our site
Please note that the above items are used for aggregate statistics only, and are never stored or shared in conjunction with personally-identifying information.
Other Information Collected By Our Servers:
Our servers also collect and store some data in raw log files as part of the site’s basic functioning. We do not share any of this data, which may include the following:
IP address
Browser type
Page requested
Time of server request
Referring website
How We Use Information:
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:
To Improve Our Site And Your Experience:
The non-personal usage data we collect is used for the following purposes:
To analyze which information and content our users prefer
To create content that is useful and relevant to our audience
To diagnose problems with our site or servers
To analyze the effectiveness of site optimization efforts
To provide the best experience based on device/browser
To Deliver Geo-Targeted Copy And/Or Graphics:
Your IP address is sometimes compared against a geolocation database on our own servers to provide copy that may include your city name. These ip addresses are never stored alongside personally identifying information and are used for non-specific location display purposes only.
How We Share Information
With Our Service Providers:
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
The non-personally identifiable visitor information we collect may be shared with trusted third-parties, to obtain aggregate statistics about our audience and user behaviour. These analytics and link tracking service providers include Google Analytics, and for some users, Voluum. Again, all data shared and stored with these providers is non-personal, including the anonymization of your IP address, and is never stored or viewed in conjunction with personal data.
When Required By Law Or To Enforce Legal Rights:
We may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others rights, property, or safety.
Cookie Policy
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your web browser (if you allow through your browser settings) that enables the site or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
How And Why Do We Use Cookies?
We use a limited number of third-party cookies, and related technologies such as impression pixels and scripts, to compile aggregate data about site traffic so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. These cookies and the use of tracking URLs also allow us to anonymously track which links our users click to better optimize our site.
Which Third Party Cookies Do We Use?
We allow cookies to be set by Google Analytics, which collect non-personal information about how you use our site. This information is used to compile reports on traffic trends and to help us improve our content and user experience.
In some cases, we also allow our link tracking provider, Voluum, to set a cookie when users click on some links. This helps us gauge the effectiveness of, and improve, our ads and site content.
What About Cookie Consent?
We do not request consent to use these cookies, as we do not allow any of the cookies on our site to collect or transmit personal data. All data collected via cookies and related technologies on our site is non-personal, anonymized, and cannot be linked specifically to you. We took these strict measures with our cookie usage to protect your data and to ensure compliance with GDPR regulations.
Opting Out Of Google Analytics
Although Google Analytics does not use or collect personally-identifying data on our site, you have the right and option to opt-out of their services:
If you would like to prevent Google Analytics from using your data, you can access their opt-out tool here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Additionally, internet browsers allow you to change your cookie settings via the “options” or “preferences” menu in your browser. However, please note that if you set your browser to refuse or block all cookies, certain features or functionalities of our site (and others) may be limited or unavailable to you.
Erasing Your Data
As noted previously, we do not actively collect any personal data. However, our server logs do contain IP addresses of visitors for a limited time These are not stored alongside any personally identifying information, however we can erase these entries if necessary provided you give us your IP address. Note however that not all IP addresses are unique to a person, as while you might use different computers or devices, you may be using the same internet connection as others.
Erasing Data Related To Your Membership And/Or Profile
If you have completed registration for a dating membership, then please note that you are subject to the privacy policy of our trusted partner Friendfinder Networks, as provided in the first paragraph of this policy. If you would like to remove personal data that you have provided to them during membership sign up or in creating a profile, please contact them directly through the remove feature of app.
About Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer links to third party sites or services on our site. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
GDPR Compliance For EU Residents
We respect the data and privacy of all our users here at Kink Life. As such we have taken the necessary steps to be compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation by limiting the use of personal data to only IP addresses, which are automatically stored in our web server logs. We also strictly limit the collection, sharing, and storage of all non-personal data to the minimum we require. And in fact, we have applied this high level of data privacy compliance to all of our users, wherever they reside in the world.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. Please note that Kink Life does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals as we do not use any personal data for tracking purposes, and because we cannot ensure that the third party services that our site may share non-personal data with, are also responding to DNT requests.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on, and is effective as of April 25th, 2019.
Who Are We?
Our developer name on Google play and App Store are Casual Dating Community and Kink Dating Network. The developer (“we,” “us” or “KinkLife”) that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy.