PRIVACY POLICY
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
Depending on how you respond to permission requests in our app, we record mobile device identifiers that allow us to send mobile device notifications. The primary purpose of these notifications is to provide order status updates.
We also record anonymised data (information with no recorded links to you) for:
gauging the usage of the website and apps with Google Analytics.
identifying failures within the mobiles app code so that developers are aware of issues to resolve in future updates.
There are options in the mobile apps to use the device location services. Location and beacon services are only used to facilitate:
identifying the nearest stores
populating delivery address fields
informing stores of your proximity for collection orders when in the range of their beacon devices
When you browse our store(s), we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Collected user data
Location
User location data will only be accessed upon user request. The reason accessing fine user location is
                to ease the process of the checkout, by auto-populating fields like delivery addresses, postcodes, etc.
                The location info is not stored nor shared with any third-party services.
Personal Info
Name
is a mandatory data that is collected during the checkout process. The name is not
                    shared with any third-party services, apart from the payment processors - if the ‘pay by card’ is
                    the chosen payment option. The name associated with the order will be stored on our servers for a
                    limited period of time.
Email Address
is a mandatory data field, that is used to associate the user with an order.
                    The email address is not shared with any third-party services. It is saved on our server only for a
                    limited period of time.
Address
is not a mandatory field for
collection
orders. The user will be only asked to
                    provide the address upon delivery request. If the user provides the address, it is not going to be
                    shared with any third-party services and will be saved on our servers for a limited period of time.
                    Note that if the order is paid with a card, the user might need to provide the billing address for
                    security reasons. In that case, the address will be only used for the one-time transaction and will
                    be not saved nor shared.
Phone Number
is a mandatory field, and it is used only to associate the order with the user.
                    The number will be saved securely on our server only for a limited period of time.
Financial Info
User Payment Info
- payment information is only collected for the order paid with the card.
                    The payment info is used only for one-time and will not be saved. It is securely shared with the
                    payment gateways.
Purchase history
will only be saved for the registered users. It is stored on our servers
                    only for a limited period of time. Upon deletion request, all associated user history is completely
                    deleted from our servers.
App Activity
App interactions
are collected and shared with Firebase’s services to perform basic usage
                    analytics. All interactions are saved on the Firebase’s servers and are
only
used for
                    analytical purposes.
App info and performance
Crash logs
will be collected from the third-party service Firebase. All logs are not
                    associated with a user or the user’s device. The logs are only used for future development.
Device IDs
Firebase Instance ID
- the Firebase ID is collected and stored securely on our servers. It is
                    stored only for a limited period of time. The Firebase ID is used later from the server to send push
                    notifications to the app for promotions and other related info. The user can decide whether the
                    notifications will be enabled or not during the onboarding process, or from the app settings.
Email marketing (if applicable):
We may send you emails and or mobile device notifications about our store(s), new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify the delivery address validity and credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - HOSTING
Our site and apps are hosted by Hungrrr Ltd. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Hungrrr’s data storage, databases and the general Hungrrr application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Data Retention Policy
We store your data securely on our server until is no longer required, or until you account is deleted - whichever comes first. Only the critical informations about the orders are being stored: like order items, total, any special requests etc. Upon deleting your account we are deleteding all data that is associated with your account, like personal details (addresses, name, phone), past orders, delivery addresses etc. If you have any concerns about how your data is stored, please give us a shout on:
apps@hungrrr.co.uk
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Stripe, Global Payments or PayPal Payment Processors stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Stripe’s Terms of Service here or Privacy Statement here.
The Hungrrr data storage only records identifiers, which do not incorporate payment cards details, provided by the payment processors to confirm the payment status and for refund operations
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in UK and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the data is processed by secure payment process servers.  information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption on the secure Payment Processor servers.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards. Hungrrr data servers do not store credit card details.
SECTION 7 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your country, state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your country, state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 8 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at no_reply@hungrrr.co.uk or by mail at:
FAO: Privacy Compliance Officer
Pizza Geeks
UNIT 35
CITY QUAY
CAMPERDOWN STREET
DEVELOPER INFORMATION
Hungrrr
https://www.hungrrr.co.uk
+44 203 642 6449
apps@hungrrr.co.uk
Contact us
3rd Floor Dundee One
River Court 5 West Victoria Dock Road
Dundee, DD1 3JT
United Kingdon