CorePlane
Privacy Policy
Quick summary for users of our Go apps:
The app collects the following information, which is not linked to your identity: IP address and anonymized device ID. This information is used to resolve bugs and secure the app against hacking and fraud.
If you choose to sign in, the app additionally collects your first name and email address. Your first name is used for leaderboard listings and friend invites. You can change your name to an alias by going to the Account → Profile screen and tapping "Edit." Your email address may be used to send essential notices regarding your account.
Your Privacy Matters
At CorePlane, we deeply appreciate the trust you invest in our services.
As part of this responsibility, we let you know what information we collect when you use our services, why we collect it, and how it’s used to improve your experience.
Our privacy policy focuses on three core principles:
1.            Collect only information useful in creating new value for users
2.            Be transparent to users on personal information we hold
3.            Build services reflecting strong privacy standards
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us at support@coreplane.com.
To protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our privacy practices and your choices about how your information is collected and used. By using the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this notice. This notice may be updated from time to time to reflect our ongoing efforts to protect your privacy.
What information is collected?
To use CorePlane applications on partner-operated websites, such as Facebook, we may require you to be a registered member of a partner site and install a CorePlane application on your partner site account. Generally, to use CorePlane applications on partner sites, you must agree to the partner site’s terms of service.
When you install a CorePlane application on your partner site account, we may assign you a unique identifying number and a display name defaulted to your first name, which we may retain. Your display name is publicly visible within CorePlane applications. CorePlane abides by the terms of service of its partner sites. If you have any questions about your privacy, please contact us by email at support@coreplane.com.
Web Site Usage
Like most web sites, CorePlane uses cookies and web log files to track site usage of the Site. A cookie is a tiny data file which resides on your computer which allows CorePlane to recognize you as a user when you return to our Site using the same computer and web browser. Unfortunately, if your browser settings do not allow cookies, you will not be able to use our applications. Like the information you enter at registration or in your profile, cookie and log file data is used to customize your experience on the Site.
Log Files
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the Site to improve our service, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. IP addresses are only tied to personally identifiable information in the event we try to identify possible fraudulent activities.
We use third-party tracking services, such as Google Analytics, that use cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate. We use this service to capture usage and volume statistics to help us improve the CorePlane service.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies in our applications on the Site. We do link the information we store in cookies to personally identifiable information you submit while on our Site.
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file.
We use session cookies to confirm that users are logged in. This login information is encrypted and set in a persistent cookie so you don’t have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. If you reject cookies, you will not be able to sign in to use our site.
Other third-parties may place advertisements and cookies on web-pages within our applications on the Site. Other companies’ use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
How will you use my email address?
We may send you announcements of service-related notifications and product releases and features, and to solicit your feedback and input. All emails will include preference management or unsubscribe links so you can opt-out. Some messages may be core to using CorePlane applications, in which case they can only be unsubscribed by uninstalling the application.
Third-Party Advertising
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our Site, including without limitation on certain CorePlane games and CorePlane applications on social networking sites. Our system and the third-party advertising technology uses information derived from Activity Information, CorePlane’s cookies on your device, your visits to and use of our Site, including without limitation the CorePlane games that you view and the CorePlane applications on social networking sites that you use, to target advertising within our Site. In addition, our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on our Site and other sites. In the course of advertisements being served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your computer. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called “clear gifs” or “beacons”) to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits the site on which the beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
Except as set forth herein, CorePlane does not provide any personally identifiable information to third-party advertising companies. We may however disclose personally identifiable information as required by law, as otherwise set forth below, or if in our judgment it is necessary to protect our company or our users from loss or liability.
How is your information made visible and shared?
The primary purpose of entering data into CorePlane is to build your CorePlane profile. Your profile is meant to be shared with fellow fans. As a user, you have control over how much information you choose to share with other fans.
We use your personal information to:
respond to your requests for information and newsletters,
provide you with access to games and services,
provide product support, customer services and other communications related to your transactions on our website or with our products,
determine if you are eligible to receive certain products, services or promotions,
provide you with additional information that may be of interest, including marketing materials, and
support other everyday business purposes, such as product development, job applications, and website administration.
Sharing of Information with Third Parties
Other than as described below with respect to CorePlane service providers, we do not sell, trade, rent or share your personal information with third parties without your express consent, though we may directly pass on to you information from third parties that we think may be of interest. Only when you expressly opt-in to receive communications, such as through a check-box, from selected third parties whose products or services CorePlane thinks might be of interest to you, will we share your e-mail address with those parties.
Public Display of Information
If you participate in community features such as forums, chat, or games, your username will be visible to the public. In addition, our chat, tips and forums allow you to communicate with members of the online community. Whenever you give out information in public areas, that information can be collected and used by people you do not know, so you should not give out personal information.
Service Providers
We occasionally employ other companies to perform services necessary to our internal operations. For example, we may partner with other companies to fulfill an order for games, deliver promotional emails, or provide customer service. While providing services for us, these companies may access your personal information, and are required to use it solely as directed by us for the purpose of our requested service. These companies are obligated to maintain your personal information in confidence. We may also provide postal addresses to the U.S. Post Office or other couriers for delivery purposes.
Purchase or Sale of Businesses
Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), this may change in the future. We may share some or all of your personal information with these Affiliates, in which case we will request our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If our company or our assets are acquired by another company, that company will possess the personal information collected by us and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. The provisions of this paragraph will also apply if we are sold as part of bankruptcy proceedings.
Disclosures Required By Law and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Websites and Others
Please note that we may disclose any information as permitted or required by law, when we believe in good faith it is necessary for safety purposes, required for legal reporting, or to protect our legal rights or enforce our Terms of Use or any contest rules. We may also disclose information about you to our auditors or legal advisors, or in response to a subpoena.
Aggregate Information
We may take your personal information and make it non-personally identifiable. We do this either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), and by removing characteristics (e.g., your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you. This process is known as de-personalizing your information. We may use de-personalized information in any way and share it with third parties.
Our Commitment To Data Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
CorePlane employs protected facilities, data encryption on your stored personally identifiable information, firewalls, intrusion detection, and many other security measures to protect your data. We have invested much capital and human resources into our infrastructure to secure the data of our users and will continue to make additional technology investments.
If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can send an email us at support@coreplane.com
Use Of Bulletin Boards
If you use a bulletin board or blog on our Site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. We do not recommend posting personally identifiable information on such bulletin boards or blogs.
International Visitors and Customers:
This Site is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personal data you consent to:
the use of your personal data for the purposes identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and the transfer of your personal data to the United States as indicated above.
We adhere to applicable privacy regulations and will delete personally identifiable information for accounts that have not been active for over 1 year or more.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Site or send any information about yourself to CorePlane, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to CorePlane or on the Site. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that CorePlane might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at support@coreplane.com. We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
How You Can Access, Correct, or Delete Your Information
For partner-based accounts (including Google andFacebook): You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by clicking on and editing your partner site's“App Settings”. If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may update it by making the change online or by removing our application from your “App Settings”.
For non-partner (email-based) accounts: You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by clicking on and editing your “Settings” profile within our applications. If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service and wish us to delete your data, you may update it by making the change online.
Privacy Policy Updates
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement on the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here by means of a notice on our home page.
Legal Responsibilities Disclosure
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on CorePlane.
©
2025 CorePlane