PRIVACY POLICY
CHILDREN'S DATA
The Company understands that the target audience of the Products include children.
The Company takes many precautions to protect the online privacy of children. Whenever we refer to “children”/ “child” in this Policy, we mean children/child under the age of 13 (unless different age limitations apply in their country).
We follow the principles of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), a U.S. law designed to protect the online privacy of children in Internet. If you would like to learn more about COPPA, you can refer to the “Children’s Privacy” section of the Federal Trade Commission’s website of the United States of America.
Parents or any other legal guardians who wish their child to use our Games and Apps shall comply with the terms of this Policy and provide consent to the terms of processing of the Personal Data. Parents or other legal guardians will be responsible for the accuracy of the data submitted according to the Policy.
Acceptance of this Policy means that parents or any other legal guardians understand that the Personal Data referred to in this Policy may be collected and processed as described in the Policy, and have consented to this.
In our Apps and Games directed to children the Personal Data as described in this Policy is collected solely for the purposes of providing functionality and support for our internal operations of our Services and Products, to maintain or analyze its functioning.
The Company doesn’t permit behaviorally-targeted advertising to children in our Games and Apps.
Currently the Company doesn’t intentionally collect and/or process Personal Data or any personal information from children except and if otherwise outlined in this Policy. If we were to collect and store other personal information from children, we would obtain the consent of a parent or legal guardian before such collection, unless the collection of information falls within an exception that is permitted under COPPA.
When you download and use our Apps and Games, we don’t require you to provide any information about you or your child, except the age of the User. However, this information doesn’t allow to identify you or your child and is not collected by any third parties as described in this Policy. Please refer to the relevant sections of this Policy to learn what third parties may get information about Users and for what purposes.
If you believe that we may have unintentionally collected your child’s personal information without your prior consent, you may contact us by e-mail:
silaquiz@gmail.com
PRIVACY POLICY: Text