Terms & Privacy Policy
Last updated: 28th October, 2024
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the VideoCopy - downloader, editor.
iPhone App:
VideoCopy - downloader, editor
Short name of this app is "VideoCopy".
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who installed this app. By installing this app, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not use the app.
What do we collect?
Our application saves your media files on your phone only.There is no data stored on any server. So you are more secure here.
This app will also use Google login data if user try to download his/her files from Google Drive. Here, we are not storing Google user data to our server anywhere. User can use this app to download Google Drive file and store it locally on phone to process.
For analytics & taking feedback from user, we are using third party
Shakebug
. This tool will automatically take crash log from sytem but it will not have any pesonal data. In case user find any bug then user will able to report bug via this tool.
For analytics purpose, we are using also using third party
Firebase
. This will take all device data, and other needed parameters which actually doesn't contain any personal data.
How data are we processed?
This app doesn't have any its own server, everything is store locally in phone if user remove app then all local data is removed. We only process data of Google Drive file when user login Google prior to sync data to Drive. But here all data is processed locally on phone, there is nothing is process on cloud as we dont have any of our server for this app.
We also not passing any our Google data to any third party tool too. So there is no chance to process.
How user can delete data?
This app doesn't have any own server so we dont have anything on cloud. Here, we are allowing user to login with Google to sync on Google Drive. But here all data is processed locally. so if user delete app then all data will be deleted automatically from mobile.
Is any gambling or money related stuff?
No, It does not have. This app one type of productivity where people can downoad video and download from internet and can play and customize as well.
Download any item at your risk.
We are just providing servicing to download any video or song from any public website. But you must know that whether to download item from any website is legal or not. You must need to take care by yourself. As we are charging for service provinding to download any item from any website.
Is this app require Internet?
Yes, It must require to download something. If you want to play only downloadable audio and video, then it does not need.
Intellectual Property Rights
Other than the content you own, under these Terms, VideoCopy and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this App.

You are granted Trial license only for purposes of viewing the functionalities contained on this app.
Restrictions
You are specifically restricted from all of the following:

selling, sublicensing and/or any use of this app;
using this App in any way that is or may be damaging to this App;
using this App in any way that impacts other users access to this App;
using this App contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the App, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this App;
using this App to engage in any harm to others.
Certain areas of this App are restricted from being access by you and VideoCopy may further restrict access by you to any areas of this App, at any time, in absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this App are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality as well.
Your Content
In these App Standard Terms and Conditions, “Your Content?? shall mean any audio, video text, images or other material you choose to display on this application. By displaying Your Content, you grant VideoCopy a non-exclusive, worldwide irrevocable, sub licensable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute it in any and all media.

Your Content must be your own and must not be invading any third-party's rights. VideoCopy reserves the right to remove any of Your Content from this App at any time without notice.
No warranties
This App is provided “as is,?? with all faults, and VideoCopy express no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this App or the materials contained on this App. Also, nothing contained on this App shall be interpreted as advising you or any other individual.
Limitation of liability
In no event shall VideoCopy, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, shall be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this App whether such liability is under contract. VideoCopy, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this App.
Back and Restore
By default all content created within the app are stored on your local device with your permission and agreement.
By default VideoCopy has a built in auto sync viw wifi or LTE that allows all of your content created within the app to be synced to serve and keep as a backup, this allows for the auto sync to new device should you need to install app on multiple devices for same account. This auto sync backup-restore is only provided as a courtesy and VideoCopy should not and could not be held responsible
For any loss of data
Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent VideoCopy from and against any and/or all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under any applicable law, such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
Variation of Terms
VideoCopy is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Website you are expected to review these Terms on a regular basis.
Assignment
The VideoCopy is allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between VideoCopy and you or any and all registered users of the app, Trial or Paid user are included, in relation to your use of this App, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.
Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Country, and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Country for the resolution of any disputes.
In App Purchase
Full Version is available in following 3 plans:
$19.99
every 3 months (Automatic Subscription)
$59.49
every 1 year (Automatic Subscription)
$99.99
one time purchase for life.
Pricing in other countries may vary and charges may be converted to your local currency depending on the country you live in.
Start your Full Version by subscibing any plan. Once you subscribe, your iTunes account will be charged based on the plan you selected. The Full Version subscription will automatically renew unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. You can go into your iTunes user account settings to manage your auto-renew and subscription settings. If you purchase a onetime for life, then you will never be charged after the initial purchase.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, VideoCopy - downloader, editor app may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in its sole discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this app after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
How To Contact Us
You can contact us 24 * 7 hours via mayihelpu4app@gmail.com
You will be replied as soon as it read by our team.