By using GroupCal mobile application or web site (either/both referred to as the “Site”), you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and Site’s Terms of Use. This Privacy Policy describes how 24me Ltd. (“We” or “Our” or “24me”) handle your personal information on The Site (the “Application”).
From time to time, We may develop new or offer additional services. If the introduction of these new or additional services results in any change to the way We collect or process your personal data We will amend this Privacy Policy and We encourage you to return and review our updated Privacy Policy from time to time. Unless stated otherwise when We introduce these new or additional services, they will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
The aim of this Policy is to: (i) ensure that you understand what personal data We collect about you, the reasons why We collect and use it, and who We share it with; (ii) explain the way We use the personal data that you share with us in order to give you a great experience when you are using the Website; and (iii) explain your rights and choices in relation to the personal data We collect and process about you and how We will protect your privacy.
Overview
By using our Site and/or the Services, you accept the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy. Each time you visit the Site or provide us information via Services (the “Services”) or otherwise, you agree that you are consenting to Our use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and consenting to receive notification (including by e-mail), all as further described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Site’s Terms of use (the “Terms of Use”). If a term is capitalized and is not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, it shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Terms of Use.
In this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information”, means any and all information about you that is personally identifiable to you (your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, etc.) as well as other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing, and “Non-Personal Information” means information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information. Non-Personal Information does not enable identification of, or contact with, individual persons.
What information do We collect?
When you use this Application, We may collect and store some or all of the following data categories: Your name, email address, phone number, correspondence sent via the Application, information about how you interact with the Application and our Site, technical and navigational information, such as Internet protocol address, computer browser type, pages visited, and average time spent on our Site, unique device identifier assigned to your device by phone makers, carriers, or makers of the operating system, registration information (such as an email address and password), your location and/or the location of your significant locations (such as your home address), information about tasks, events and notes you enter in the Site, payment account information (such as your checking account number and routing number, credit card number, expiration date and, credit card security code), third party credentials (such as passwords, usernames, account numbers, and other account information for third party sites and Internet services), information from third party sites, IP address, unique identifier of the device, operating system version and app version for the purpose of providing you with our services, information about settings you configure on the device and in the app such as the language you use and you preference about the first day of the week. We do not ask you for, access or track any location based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile apps or services.
We may, as well, collect data related to you from Apple Inc. (for example: your contacts and calendar data) and from Facebook.
(all together: “Personal Data”).
Purpose of Collecting the Information
GroupCal is a time management application. Therefore, some of the Personal Data We collect is essential for its proper and efficient functionality.
The purpose for collecting and processing your Personal Data is enabling the application to serve you properly and efficiently. In Addition, we collect and process your Personal Data to identify you as user when you log in to the Application or to the Site, to help users organize, invite, donate, track, and acknowledge contributions, as well enable the transaction to be completed, to fulfill your requests for Our programs, and Services, to respond to your inquiries about Our Services, and to offer you other, programs, or services that We believe may be of interest to you, to alert you to software compatibility issues, to improve our Web design and functionality and to pre-fill form fields on the Sites for your convenience. In order to allow you to use our Services, We may be required to verify your identity. We may, directly or through third parties, use Personal Data you provide to get a credit report or to verify information you provide through certain sources or third party databases. We may also use your Personal Data to verify your identity in the event you contact us for assistance with the Site or Services. In certain situations, We may use or share your Personal Data in order investigate, prevent, defend against, or take other action regarding violations of our Terms of Service, illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the legal rights or physical safety of any person or the security of our network, Sites or Services, to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, in an emergency, to protect the health and safety of our Sites’ users or the general public, or as otherwise required by law, to respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third parties. We may use your Personal Data for internal analysis such as analyzing user behavior in aggregate for research and marketing purposes. We may outsource some tasks to other companies or third parties and may share your Personal Data with those companies or third parties if reasonably necessary to enable them to assist in fulfilling the requests you make or the transactions you conduct via the Sites, including the operation of certain Site functions and Services that require access to information you supply online. In such cases, if such affiliated companies or third parties acting on Our behalf are given access to your Personal Data, We require that the companies abide by our privacy policy and institute safeguards to protect the confidentiality of your information.  (all together, the “Purposes”).
Kindly note that personal data collected within the European Union may, for example, be transferred to and processed by third parties located in a country outside of the European Union. In such instances We shall ensure that the transfer of your personal data is carried out in accordance with applicable privacy laws.
BY USING THE APPLICATION OR THE SITE YOU GIVE YOUR CONSENT FOR COLLECTING AND PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA, FOR ANY AND ALL OF THE AFOREMENTINED PURPOSES.
Kindly note that if you are a natural person in the European Union (“EU”) you may withdraw your consent at any time by sending us an e-mail to
support@groupcal.app
, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Please note that some Personal Data may continue to be collected automatically, unless you take further actions. If you wish that all Personal Data collecting stop completely, you must, in addition to sending us an e-mail, delete our application from your device and close your account.
We will retain your Data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and for any additional period required under applicable law.
We use the non-personal information (such as how you interact with the Application) collected to operate and improve our applications, sites, services, and tools. We will use the personal information shared through the Application.
Any feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, or the like that you send to 24me will be treated as being non- confidential and nonproprietary, and 24me will be free to use such information for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing services incorporating the information.
If our company or our assets are acquired by another company, or in the event of a merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization, or liquidation, We may transfer, sell, or assign to third parties information concerning your relationship with us, including, without limitation, personally identifiable information that you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us. Such third parties will assume responsibility for the personal information collected by us in connection with our business operations or through our Sites and such third parties will assume the rights and obligations regarding such information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Mobile device unique ID (“Device ID”) allows to uniquely identifying your device for purposes of storing application preferences and data. We may use your Device ID for security purposes. For example, if you have activated a feature that limits access to a Service from a specific device, our systems will access the Device ID from each device you attempt to access the Service with to determine if the device is the specific authorized device. Additionally, We may use Device IDs to monitor suspicious activity. For example, if We detect that a single account on a Site is being accessed from multiple devices, as determined by tracking the Device IDs that access an account, We may contact the user to ensure that such access has been authorized by the user. Advertisements that appear to you via a Site may be delivered by third party advertisers who may access your Device ID, but We do not provide these advertisers any of your personal information. These advertisers may use the Device ID for purposes of determining appropriate advertisements to display to you on a Site. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of Device IDs by any advertisers.
How do We use cookies, and how do We collect information?
A “cookie” is a small text file that a website can send to your computer’s browser. It’s like an internet user’s identification card, which tells a website when a user is re-visiting the site. Their ability is limited to containing and transferring to the website as much information as the users have disclosed to that site. Cookies can’t read or interfere with other information saved on your hard drive.
We use cookies on certain of our pages to help analyze our web page flow, Site usage, and customize our services and content. We use them also to deliver to you any administrative notices or alerts and communications relevant to your use of the Services, to fulfill your requests for certain Services, for market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, detecting and protecting against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity; in connection with a merger, sale of substantially all of our assets, or corporate reorganization; and to enforce our Terms of Service and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy .We use the cookies also to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status. Most cookies are “session cookies” which exist only during one session and they disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer. Except as noted above, We do not and will not share, sell or rent your personal information to anyone, for any reason, at any time.
If you have chosen to identify yourself in this website, We will use session cookies containing encrypted information to uniquely identify you.
Each time you log into the Service, a session cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier that is tied to your account is placed in your browser. Session cookies are required to use the Service.
We use persistent cookies that only We can read and use to identify browsers that have previously visited this Website. When you use the Service or provide us with personal information, a unique identifier is assigned to you. This unique identifier is associated with a persistent cookie that We place on your Web browser. We are especially careful about the security and confidentiality of the information stored in persistent cookies (We do not store account numbers or passwords in persistent cookies). If you disable your Web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you will be able to navigate in this websites, but you will not be able to use the Service.
Most computers are set up to automatically accept cookies. However, you can reset your browser settings to refuse cookies, or alert you when a cookie is being sent so you can choose whether or not to accept it.
Accessing Your Personal Data
If you are a natural person in the EU, you have the right to obtain from 24me confirmation as to whether or not your Personal Data is being processed by Us. Where that is the case, you may access to your Personal Data and the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of Personal Data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom your Personal Data have been or will be disclosed;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the Personal Data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
You may get a copy of your Personal Data undergoing processing. For any further copies We may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. If you make the request by electronic means, and unless otherwise requested by you, the information shall be provided in a commonly used electronic form.
Changing and Erasing Your Personal Data
If you are a natural person in the EU, you have the right to obtain from 24me the rectification of inaccurate Personal Data concerning you.
Subject to any applicable law or legal advice allowing us to keep a copy of your Personal Data for the specific purposes set forth in such law or advice, you also have the right to obtain from 24 me the erasure of your Personal Data. This shall not apply where keeping your Personal Data is needed: (a) for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; (b) for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by law to which we are subject;   and (c) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Restricting the Processing of Your Personal Data
If you are a natural person in the EU, you have the right to obtain from 24me restriction of processing your Personal Data where one of the following applies: (a) the accuracy of your Personal Data is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of your Personal Data; (b) the processing becomes unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your Personal Data and request the restriction of their use instead; (c) we no longer need the Personal Data for the Purposes, but they are required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
Where processing has been restricted as aforementioned, such Personal Data shall, with the exception of storage, only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest.
Exercising Your Rights
You may exercise your right to withdraw your consent, accessing your Personal Data, changing and erasing your Personal Data, restricting the processing of your Personal Data or opting out by sending an e-mail to:
support@groupcal.app
.
However, please note that in order to protect your personal Data, we may require you to prove your identity in the manner we may find fit from time to time, before exercising any of these rights.
Kindely note that you can see, review and change most of your Personal Data through the Application.
Third parties
This Application may utilize social networking or “share functionality” or may contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by 24me Ltd. We have no control over any share functionality or the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party site. You are subject to the policies of those third parties where applicable. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to anyone. Additionally, the Sites may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices, as We have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
The Sites and/or Application may contain third party advertisements or offers that are complementary to your use of the Site that may be custom matched to you based on information you provided to the Site, queries made through the Site or other information. If you choose to use these separate products or services, disclose information to the providers, or grant them permission to collect information about you, then their use of your information is governed by their privacy policies. You should evaluate their practices before deciding to use their services.
We may use third party service providers to help us analyze certain online activities. For example, these service providers may help us measure the performance of our online promotions or determine Site activity. We may share any personally identifiable information about our users with these third parties, but these third parties do not collect such information on our behalf. Such third parties may reside in a country that may not have an adequacy decision by the Commission, and in such cases we shall provide appropriate safeguards. Additionally We may utilize third party ad serving networks and their associated tracking functionality to deliver more targeted advertising to our users and to optimize customer acquisition efforts.
Google API GroupCal’s use and transfer of information received from Google APIs to any other app will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Amazon Alexa
The Application allows you to use your Alexa-enabled device (e.g., Amazon Echo) by voice, to access certain functionalities of the Application. Those functionalities (the “Skill”) are used by speaking commands and questions aloud to Amazon’s Alexa service (“Alexa”), and receiving responses aloud. Any communication to the Application via Alexa will be treated by the Application as a communication authorized by you, and any communication from the Application via Alexa in response to a request received from your Alexa-enabled device will be treated by the Application as a communication to you. In other words, you are responsible for all of the interactions with the Application via the Skill. Consult your agreements with Amazon to learn more about how Amazon and your Alexa-enabled device treat those interactions.
Security and information protection
We use many tools to help protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure however, since the Internet is not a 100% secure medium for communication, We cannot guarantee, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private when using this Application.
We are not responsible for any damages which you, or others, may suffer as a result of the loss of confidentiality of such information.
We maintain the security of your online session and We are protecting the Application accounts and systems from unauthorized access. We take all necessary precautions to protect your information. To this end all personal information stored by us is kept on a server in a secure environment. Only employees, our partners and any sub-contractors who need the information to perform a specific service are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Emails from which you may “Opt-Out”
24me provides users periodic Site-related notifications, newsletters, or other information via email, push notifications, text messages and other communication means, based on users consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. Users may elect, at any time, to stop receiving such messages at their discretion or declare an objection (“opt-out”) at no cost. If you no longer wish to receive periodic email updates from 24me, you may update your account preferences on the Site. You may also follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email (e.g. an unsubscribe link in the emails We send to you). However, please note that certain Services-related email messages that We send users are necessary for the proper functioning and use of the Services, and users who participate in such Services do not have the ability to opt-out of such email messages.
No guarantees
While this Privacy Statement expresses 24me standards for protection of personally identifiable information, 24me is not in a position to guarantee that the standards will always be met. There may be factors beyond our control that may result in unintentional disclosure of data. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once We receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, We cannot guarantee its absolute security and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information. In the unfortunate event that your “personally identifiable information” (as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach) is compromised, We may notify you by email (at our sole and absolute discretion) to the last email address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances; provided, however, delays in notification may occur while We take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as Well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation.
Policy regarding Minors
The Application and the site are not intended for use by Minors (person defined as “Minor” under the applicable law of his/her relevant residence, and if no such definition is applicable – a person under the age of 18). the Site does not knowingly or specifically collect information about Minors and believes that Minors should get their parents’ consent before giving out any personal information. If you are a parent or guardian of a Minor and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us please contact us at
support@groupcal.app
. A parent or guardian of a Minor may review and request deletion of such Minor’s personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof.
Lodge of Complaint
If you are a natural person in the EU, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
Public forums
We may offer chat rooms, blogs, message boards, or similar public forums where you and other users of our Site can communicate. Any personally identifiable information you submit on a forum, blog, message board, or chat room on a Site can be viewed and used by other users, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information (including personal information) in connection with your use of these public forums. We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum. Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone, including third parties that do not adhere to this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Sites. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at
support@groupcal.app
. In some cases, We may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case We will let you know if We are unable to do so and why.
Privacy Policy changes
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes will take effect immediately, therefore, we encourage you to visit this page on a regular basis and check our updated Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any changes, please discontinue using this Application.
You may find our details here –
support@groupcal.app