Contact Us
Atmosfy Privacy Policy
Effective Date: August 5, 2023
Atmosfy, Inc., its brands, affiliates, and subsidiaries
        (“
Atmosfy
,” “
we
,” “
our
,” or “
us
”) values
        your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) describes how
        Atmosfy collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise process personal
        information described in this Policy, as well as any rights and choices
        you may have regarding such personal information.
By using our Services (as defined below), you agree that your personal
        information will be handled as described in this Policy. Your use of our
        Services and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our
        Terms of Use, available at
https://atmosfy.io/terms-of-service.html
, including applicable terms governing limitations on damages and the
        resolution of disputes.
Table of Contents
Scope of this Policy
Personal Information We Collect
How We May Use Personal Information
How We May Disclose Personal Information
Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
Your Privacy Choices
Children's Information
Transfer of Personal Information to the S
External Links and Features
Security
Changes to this Policy
Contact Us
1. Scope of this Policy
Except as otherwise described below, this Policy applies to the personal
        information Atmosfy collects and processes related to:
Visitors to our website -
www.atmosfy.io
(the “Site”), and individuals who download and use our mobile
          application or any other software, applications, or products we
          provide (the “App”). Collectively, we may refer to our Site and App as
          the “Services.”
Individuals who subscribe to receive news, information, and marketing
          communications and materials from us.
Individuals who register for or participate in our webinars and other
          events, surveys, and research conducted by us.
Individuals who use our Services on behalf of a business, including
          current, former, and prospective customers, agents, vendors, and
          business partners; and
Individuals that communicate with us or otherwise interact or engage
          with us, including through our social media channels, related to our
          Services.
Additional Notices.
Depending on how you interact or engage with
        us, we may provide you with other privacy notices with additional
        details about our privacy practices. For example, this Policy does not
        apply to job applicants and candidates who apply for employment with us,
        or to our employees, except as related to their use of the Services.
2. Personal Information We Collect
As further described below, we collect personal information (1) directly
        from you, (2) automatically when you use the Services, and (3) from
        third-party sources. To the extent permissible, we may combine the
        information we collect from publicly available or third-party sources.
Personal Information We Collect Directly From You.
While the
        personal information we collect varies depending upon your use of our
        Services and our interactions with you, in general, we may collect the
        following directly from you:
Account Information.
When you register for an account to use
          our Services, we collect your full name, username, email address,
          password, and profile photo. You can also choose to give us your bio,
          website information, and other social media handles. If you are a
          business owner and claim a business location on our Services, we may
          collect your name, email (preferably work email), and other details
          necessary to verify you own the business you are claiming.
Service Usage Information.
When you use our Services, we may
          collect various usage information including videos, photos, or reviews
          you choose to upload (“Content”), businesses or locations you visit
          and post Content about, your saved or highlighted Content (including
          Content other users have posted), your searches and search history,
          your bookmarks and lists (which you can make private in your account
          settings), your followers and users who you follow, and your
          reservations, online orders, waitlist information, and related
          transactional data.
Communications Information.
When you communicate with us, other
          users, or businesses via the Services we may collect your full name,
          email address, phone number, the nature of your inquiry, and any other
          information you choose to provide. You can manage your communications
          preferences within your account settings.
Responses and Feedback.
If you participate in our surveys or
          questionnaires, we collect your responses and feedback, such as user
          satisfaction or other information related to your use of our Services,
          and any other information you so choose to provide.
Contacts:
You can invite others to join or become your friend
          on the Service by providing us with their contact information, or by
          allowing us to access contacts from your mobile device. If you allow
          us to access your contacts, we will transmit information about your
          contacts to our servers long enough to process your invitations or
          friend requests.
Marketing and Promotions.
If you agree to receive marketing
          communications from us, we collect your email, full name, phone
          number, preferences, and if relevant, information about your account
          and the Services and features you use. If you participate in
          promotions we offer, we collect your name and other information
          related to the activities available through our Services.
Events and Other Requests.
We also collect personal information
          related to your participation in our events as well as other requests
          that you submit to us related to our Services. For example, if you
          register for or attend an event that we host or sponsor, we may
          collect information related to your registration for and participation
          in such event.
Preferences.
We also may collect information about your
          preferences, including communications preferences, preferences related
          to your use of Sources, and any other preferences or requests you
          provide when interacting with us.
Business Development Information.
To assess and pursue
          potential business opportunities, we may collect personal information
          about current, former, and prospective vendors, business partners, and
          agents, including name, company information, contact details, and
          communications records.
Personal information We Collect Automatically.
We and our
        providers may automatically collect personal information related to your
        use of our Services, including using cookies, pixel tags, and other
        similar technologies. The personal information we may automatically
        collect includes:
Device and Browsing Information.
When you use our Services, we
          may collect IP address, browser type, domain names, access times,
          date/time stamps, operating system, language, device type, unique ID,
          Internet service provider, referring and exiting URLs, clickstream
          data, and similar device and browsing information.
Activities and Usage.
We also collect activity information
          related to your use of the Services, such as information about the
          links clicked, keystrokes, searches, features used, businesses viewed,
          time spent within the Services, your interactions with us or other
          users or businesses within the Services, and other activity and usage
          information. We may collect this information using session replay and
          other tracking technologies provided by our vendors.
Location Information.
We may also collect or derive location
          information about you, such as through your IP address. If you choose
          to enable location-based sharing with us through your device settings
          and through our App or Services, we may collect precise location
          information, such as GPS coordinates, to provide content that is more
          relevant to your location and to otherwise improve your interactions
          with our Services. You may turn off location data sharing through your
          device settings.
For more information about our use of cookies and other similar
        technologies, please see the "
Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
" section below.
Personal Information We Collect from Other Sources.
In addition,
        we may collect and receive certain personal information from business
        partners, clients and customers, data analytics providers, Internet
        service providers, operating systems and platforms, public entities,
        public databases, and vendors and service providers who provide services
        or perform functions on our behalf. For example, we may collect your
        name, contact information, and certain transaction details from our
        business partners, and vendors and service providers. We also may
        receive personal information from our customers and clients various
        purposes relating to our Services.
3. How We May Use Personal Information
Depending on how you use the Services, we may collect, use, disclose and
        otherwise process the personal information we collect about you for the
        following purposes:
Services and Support.
To allow you to maintain your account
          with us and use; provide and operate our Services; communicate with
          us, other users, and businesses; provide troubleshooting and technical
          support; respond to your inquiries; and otherwise run our day-to-day
          operations.
Publicly Display Content.
Your contributions to the Services,
          which may include your personal information, are intended for public
          consumption. Thus, when you post Content using the Service, we may
          publicly display the personal information contained within the
          Content, which may include your name, username, image, tagged
          location, reviews and ratings, activity, tagged friends, businesses or
          locations identifiable in the Content, other information you choose to
          share publicly, and information of other people (including non-users
          of our Services) who are identifiable in the Content you post.
We assume you have received the permission to share the personal
            information of the people identifiable in the Content you post; if
            you do not have their permission, please do not include them in the
            Content. Additionally, please respect all instructions and rules
            provided by businesses or locations in which you create Content
            (e.g., if a business instructs you not to film on its premises,
            please do not do so and do not upload related Content).
Provide Services to Businesses and Business Partners.
To enable
          businesses to accept reservations or requests, to process certain
          information on behalf of our business partners, and to facilitate
          loyalty programs or other services offered by businesses or business
          partners.
Analytics and Improvement.
To better understand how our users
          access and use the Services and our product and service offerings, and
          for other research and analytical purposes, such as to evaluate and
          improve our Services and business operations, to develop our Services
          and its features, and for internal quality control and training
          purposes.
Communicate With You.
To respond to your inquiries, send you
          requested materials and newsletters, as well as information and
          materials regarding our Services and offerings. We also use this
          information to send administrative information to you, for example,
          information regarding the Services and changes to our terms,
          conditions, and policies.
Marketing and Promotions.
For marketing and promotional
          purposes. For example, to send you information about our Services,
          such as newsletters and other marketing content, including information
          about Atmosfy events and new offerings, offerings of our business
          partners, as well as any other information that you sign up to
          receive.
Research and Surveys.
To administer surveys and questionnaires,
          such as for market research or user satisfaction purposes.
Planning and Managing Events.
For event planning, and other
          management-related purposes, such as registration, attendance,
          connecting you with other event attendees, and contacting you about
          relevant events and Services.
Security and Protection of Rights.
To protect the Services and
          our business operations, and to protect our rights or those of our
          stakeholders; to prevent and detect fraud, unauthorized activities and
          access, and other misuse; where we believe necessary to investigate,
          prevent or act regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud,
          situations involving potential threats to the safety or legal rights
          of any person or third party, or violations of our Terms of Use.
Compliance and Legal Process.
To comply with applicable legal
          or regulatory obligations, including as part of a judicial proceeding;
          to respond to a subpoena, warrant, court order, or other legal
          process; or as part of an investigation or request, whether formal or
          informal, from law enforcement or a governmental authority.
Auditing, Reporting, and Other Internal Operations.
To conduct
          financial, tax and accounting audits; audits and assessments of our
          operations, privacy, security and financial controls, risk, and
          compliance with legal obligations; our general business, accounting,
          record keeping and legal functions, and to maintain appropriate
          business records and enforce company policies and procedures.
General Business and Operational Support.
To assess and
          implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcies, and
          other business transactions such as financings, and to administer our
          business, accounting, auditing, compliance, recordkeeping, and legal
          functions.
4. How We May Disclose Personal Information
We may disclose the personal information we collect for the purposes
        described above and as follows:
Affiliates, Subsidiaries, and Business Partners.
We may
          disclose the personal information we collect to our corporate
          affiliates and subsidiaries. Atmosfy also partners with other
          businesses to offer our Services, such as the businesses viewable
          within the Services about which users can create and post Content. We
          may disclose personal information to those business partners.
Vendors and Services Providers.
We may disclose the personal
          information we collect to vendors and service providers who perform
          functions on our behalf, such as IT and website hosting, marketing
          providers, customer support, data storage, analysis and processing
          providers, auditors, consultants and legal counsel.
Customers.
In some circumstances, we may disclose the personal
          information we collect to our business customers and clients to
          facilitate use of our Services, including interconnection of our
          Services with our business customers' services.
Marketing and Analytics Providers.
We may also disclose your
          personal information, such as device and browsing, and activities and
          usage information, to marketing and advertising networks, data
          analytics providers, and other companies who provide marketing or
          analytics services on our behalf. For more information see the “
Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
” section below.
We may also disclose your personal information in the following
        circumstances:
In Support of Business Transfers.
If we or our affiliates are
          or may be acquired by, merged with, or invested in by another company,
          or if any of our assets are or may be transferred to another company,
          whether as part of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or otherwise,
          we may disclose or transfer the personal information we have collected
          from you with or to the other company. We may also disclose certain
          personal information as necessary prior to the completion of such a
          transaction or other corporate transaction such as a financing or
          restructuring, to lenders, auditors, and third-party advisors,
          including attorneys and consultants.
Compliance and Legal Obligations.
To comply with our legal and
          compliance obligations and to respond to the legal process. For
          example, we may disclose information in response to subpoenas, court
          orders, and other lawful requests by regulators and law enforcement,
          including responding to national security or law enforcement
          disclosure requirements.
Security and Protection of Rights.
Where we believe doing so is
          necessary to protect the Services, our rights and property, or the
          rights, property, and safety of others. For example, we may disclose
          personal information to (i) prevent, detect, investigate, and respond
          to fraud, unauthorized activities and access, illegal activities, and
          misuse of the Services, (ii) situations involving potential threats to
          the health, safety, or legal rights of any person or third party, or
          (iii) enforce, detect, investigate, and act in response to violations
          of our Terms of Use. We may also disclose personal information related
          to litigation and other legal claims or proceedings in which we are
          involved, as well as for our internal accounting, auditing,
          compliance, recordkeeping, and legal functions.
Aggregate and Deidentified Information.
Notwithstanding
          anything else in this Policy, we may use, disclose, and otherwise
          process aggregate and deidentified information related to our business
          and the Services with third parties for quality control, analytics,
          research, development, and other purposes.
Other Disclosures.
We may disclose personal information in
          other ways not described above, but will notify you and, if necessary,
          obtain your consent.
5. Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
We and our providers may use cookies, pixel tags, and other similar
        tracking mechanisms to automatically collect information about browsing
        activity, type of device, and similar information within our Services.
        We use this information to, for example, analyze and understand how you
        access, use, and interact with us through our Services, to identify and
        resolve bugs and errors in our Services, to assess, secure, protect,
        optimize, and improve the performance of our Services; for marketing and
        advertising purposes, analytics purposes, and to personalize content in
        our Services. We may also aggregate such information to analyze trends,
        administer our Services, and gather broad demographic information.
Cookies.
“Cookies” are alphanumeric identifiers we transfer to
        your device's hard drive through your web browser for tracking purposes.
        Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our
        Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process,
        support the security and performance of the Services, or allow us to
        track activity and usage data within the Services.
Pixel Tags.
Pixel tags (sometime called web beacons or clear
        GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to
        cookies. While cookies are stored locally on your device, pixel tags are
        embedded invisibly within web pages and online content. We may use
        these, in connection with our Services to, among other things, track the
        activities of users, and help us manage content and compile usage
        statistics. We may also use these in our emails to let us know when they
        have been opened or forwarded, so we can track response rates and gauge
        the effectiveness of our communications.
Third Party Analytics.
We use third party tools, such as Google
        Analytics, which are operated by third party companies, to evaluate
        usage of our Site and Services. These third-party analytics companies
        use cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies to collect usage
        data about our Services to provide us with reports and metrics that help
        us evaluate usage of our Services, improve our Site, and enhance
        performance and user experiences. To learn more about Google's privacy
        practices, please review the Google Privacy Policy at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can also download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to
        prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Third-Party Advertising.
We work with third-party ad networks,
        analytics, marketing partners, and others (“
third-party ad companies
”) to personalize content and display advertising within our Services,
        as well as to manage our advertising on third-party sites. We and these
        third-party ad companies may use cookies, pixels tags, and other tools
        to collect browsing and activity information within our Services (as
        well as on third-party sites and services), as well as IP address,
        unique ID, cookie and advertising IDs, and other online identifiers. We
        and these third-party ad companies use this information to provide you
        more relevant ads and content within our Services and on third-party
        sites, and to evaluate the success of such ads and content.
Do Not Track.
Currently, our Site and Services do not recognize
        “Do-Not-Track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as
        discussed below (e.g., by disabling cookies).
6. Your Privacy Choices
We make available several ways for you to manage choices about your
        personal information, including preferences regarding cookies,
        advertising, whether you want to receive marketing and promotional
        emails from us, and choices regarding your account and profile
        information.
Cookie Settings.
To prevent cookies from tracking your activity
          on our Site or visits across multiple websites, you can set your
          browser to block certain cookies or notify you when a cookie is set;
          you can also delete cookies. The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most
          browsers will tell you how to prevent your device from accepting new
          cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new
          cookie, or how to delete cookies. Visitors to our Site who disable
          cookies will be able to browse the Site, but some features may not
          function.
Industry Ad Choice Programs.
You can also control how
          participating third-party ad companies use the information that they
          collect about your visits to our Site, and those of third parties, in
          order to display more relevant targeted advertising to you. If you are
          in the U.S., you can obtain more information and opt out of receiving
          targeted ads from participating third-party ad networks at
aboutads.info/choices
(Digital Advertising Alliance). Opting out of participating third
          party ad networks does not opt you out of being served advertising.
          You may continue to receive generic or “contextual” ads on our Site.
          You may also continue to receive targeted ads on other websites, from
          companies that do not participate in the above programs.
Marketing Communications.
You can opt out of receiving
          marketing emails from us by using the unsubscribe feature in any such
          email we send you. You can also log in to your account and change your
          marketing/communications preferences.
Account and Profile Information.
If you have an account with
          us, you may access, review, update, or delete your account and profile
          information, such as your name, email address, contact information,
          preferences, and other profile information by logging in and accessing
          the information directly within your account. You can also manage your
          privacy settings within your account, such as hiding your personal
          video map.
7. Children's Information
Our Services are not designed for children, and we do not knowingly
        collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen
        (13). If you are a parent or legal guardian and you believe we have
        collected your child's information in violation of applicable law,
        please contact us using the contact information below.
8. Transfer of Personal Information to the U.S.
Atmosfy is located, and intended for use by users, in the United States.
If you are located outside the United Stated and submit personal
        information to Atmosfy, your personal information may be processed in a
        foreign country, where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws
        in your country. By submitting your personal information to us you agree
        to the transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information in
        a country other than your country of residence including, but not
        necessarily limited to, the United States.
9. External Links and Features
Our Services may contain links to third-party websites or features. Any
        access to and use of such linked websites or features is not governed by
        this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those
        third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of
        such third parties, including their collection of your personal
        information. You should review the privacy policies and terms for any
        third parties before proceeding to those websites or using those
        features.
10. Security
We have implemented safeguards that are intended to protect the personal
        information that we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access,
        disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite
        our efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security. You are
        responsible for keeping your account access credentials secure at all
        times, and notifying us if your access credentials are ever compromised.
11. Changes to this Policy
The Policy is current as of the date set forth above. We may change,
        update, or modify this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to
        check back periodically. We will post any updates to this Policy here.
        If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our
        practices regarding our use of the personal information we have
        previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with
        notice, such as by posting prominent notice on our Services.
12. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or our
        privacy practices, you may contact us at any of the following methods:
info@atmosfy.io
13015 N North Park St.
Newman Lake, WA 99025
United States
Phone: 5096990802
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
