PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: 27 March, 2023
In this Privacy Policy we explain:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data, and
The choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of Blakzero’s games, websites and other related services, collectively the “Services”. Please note that we may from time to time update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on blakzero.com. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Services prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions about data protection or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us through email.
Name of the company collecting the personal data (the controller): Blakzero Oy
Email:
support@blakzero.com
THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
Data you provide us
Player nickname
Other data you choose to give us (such as information in player support tickets)
Data we collect automatically
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address and IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
Coarse location data (country or city-specific)
We also may create a Blakzero and/or game-specific ID for you when you use the Services
Data we collect from our partners
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Services (such as login using your Facebook or Google account)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can keep improving our games
WHY WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
To make the Services functional (performance of contract)
We process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Services
Operate the Services
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you communication related to the Services
To make the Services more enjoyable for our players (legitimate interests)
We collect and process necessary data to
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the Services and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Services
Customize your Service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you offers in the Services related to other Blakzero products and services
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable you to communicate with other players
To keep the Services safe and fair
(legitimate interests)
Ensuring a level playing field in the Services is a top priority for us.
In order to keep the Services and their social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Analyze and monitor use of the Services and its social features
Moderate chats either automatically or manually
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To show personalized advertisements (consent)
With your separate consent we collect, process and transfer to our third-party partners personal data to:
Track the content you access in connection with the Services and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Services
To analyze, profile and segment anonymized data
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data in anonymized form.
With your consent
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your location based on your IP address to show you local events.
WHO CAN ACCESS YOUR DATA
Apart from Blakzero, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other players and users
Social features are a core component of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
Partners working for Blakzero
Blakzero has partners to perform certain services on our behalf. These partners process your data only at and according to Blakzero’s instructions in order to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Other companies and public authorities
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and social media partners
The Services include features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. A list of these partners is available at
Blakzero Partners
. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
International data transfers
Our Services are global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Privacy Policy. Adequate safeguards to ensure your rights include utilizing and enforcing the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Commission.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
Your rights regarding your personal data
You have the right to a copy of your personal information to be supplied to you in an electronic format upon request.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object to how we use or share your data, and the right to restrict how we use or share your data. If certain personal data is processed based on consent given by you, such consent can also be withdrawn by you at any time, for example in the applicable game’s settings.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable time frame. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
You can contact us at support@blakzero.com
Opt-out of targeted advertising
You can always opt-out of directed advertising in our games by checking the privacy settings of your device. Please review your device’s user manual on how to do so. For more information, see also:
Blakzero Partners
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Some of our online Services use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Services, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser or device’s settings, but some parts of the Services may then not function properly.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security Safeguards
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Services. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and anonymize unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest-based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete such data without delay. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
Terms of service
© 2023 BLAKZERO
contact-section