Privacy Policy
View All Legal Documents
Last Modified 9/2/2022.
Fitii Ltd (“We”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our Terms of Use www.mypthub.net/terms and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting https://www.mypthub.net you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the the Data Protection Act 2018 (the
Act
) and/or (for so long as and to the extent that the law of the European Union has legal effect in the United Kingdom) the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 20167/679, the data controller is Fitii Ltd. (My PT Hub), Greenacre Court, Station Road, Burgess Hill, West Sussex, RH15 9DS, UK.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you may give us.
You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site
www.mypthub.net
(
our site
) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, nutritional information, fitness exercises, biometric data and data relating to a person’s physical fitness.
Information we collect about you.
With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information (whether for your use of our site, any purchases you make through it or links to authorised and reputable third party providers such as Apple Health, Fitbit and Google Fit):
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, GPS location, device, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Analytics data, collected through our customer data analytics platforms including Google Analytics, Indicative and mParticle. This information may be passed on to our marketing attribution platform, Appsflyer, and our servicing features, Intercom and Zendesk. The customer data analytics platforms are tools that run in the background and track specific ‘events’ that the user completes. Events are ‘actions’ that a user engages throughout the application, for example, clicks or starting a workout. We send information to our integrated marketing attribution tool(s) when specific attributes are engaged within the platform. Attributes is/are an/multiple event(s).
We collect information from the user and pass on to Intercom when a user initiates a sign-up process, interacts with the software or uses the Intercom chat service. The information we collect for our ‘Support’ servicing tool (Zendesk) is so we can contact the user and respond accordingly. We collect information through our analytics tools and third party software providers in order to gain product usage knowledge, diagnostics and for marketing purposes.
Diagnostic information is collected via Sentry, for error tracking and Airbrake for performance monitoring.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may receive information about you if you use any other websites we operate or reputable third party websites with which our site is integrated for you to purchase third party goods and services or other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this site. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy
www.mypthub.net/legal/cookie-policy
.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us.
We will use this information:
to pass through on your behalf as you require by and when you access the reputable third party sites and services integrated with our site relevant information you have chosen to have passed through;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we may contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) or by phone call (using the contact number you have provided) with information about services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) may contact you by electronic means (email or SMS) or by phone call (using the contact number you have provided) if you have consented to this.
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you.
We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so and to facilitate your use other reputable third party services through our site that you choose to use;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
In the event that you sign up to use the reputable third party providers services through and integrated into our site, we may disclose your personal data to the operator of such sites, such as Apple Health, Fitbit and Google Fit in order to effect your wish to use such sites
to make visible to your authorised trainers your Personal Data as desired by you
In order to streamline certain business operations, develop products and services that better meet the interests and needs of our customers, and inform our customers about relevant products and services, we may share your personal information with any of our current or future affiliated entities, subsidiaries and parent companies (“Affiliates”). You hereby agree to our sharing some or all of your information and personal information with our Affiliates.
Disclosure of your information
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.

We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you, or reputable third party supplier sites you may choose to use and sign up to through our site, such as Apple Health, Fitbit and Google Fit
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, women in SW1). We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Fitii Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use
www.mypthub.net/legal/terms-of-use
and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Fitii Ltd, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
in the event and as requested by you in your choosing to facilitate your individual arrangement with one of the integrated reputable third party suppliers of services through our site
your trainer will have visibility of your Personal Data
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.

We always ensure that your data is only transferred in full accordance with UK data protection laws. In particular that means your data will only be transferred to a country that the European Commission has determined provides an adequate level of protection, or to service providers who have an agreement with us committing to the Model Contract Clauses, which are defined by the European Commission.

Fitii Ltd and your data is hosted in the United States on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Amazon take physical and network security seriously. You can read more about the specifics of their approach at
https://aws.amazon.com/security/
. We have signed an agreement with AWS that enables transfer of personal data to the US and commits to the Model Contract Clauses, which are defined by the European Commission in accordance with UK data protection laws.

All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.

if you choose to facilitate and use services of the reputable third party providers of services integrated with our site, the relevant Personal Data required to fulfil your choice will pass through our site directly to that third party provider with which you have created an individual contractual/service providing arrangement (and this is agreed and taken to be done with your full knowledge and desire) You will need to check that that provider’s storage of your Personal Data is acceptable to you
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at
support@mypthub.net
.

Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10.00(GBP) to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
support@mypthub.net
.