Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
In this Privacy Notice, we, Verisure Services (UK) Ltd. (or Verisure) inform you about the processing of your	personal data when using our website, our app and our products. The protection of personal data is important	to us. We are committed to protecting your data and treating it in accordance with data protection	legislation. Please read our privacy notice carefully. It contains important information about how we	receive and use your personal information.
We will use your personal data only for the purposes and in the manner set forth below. This Privacy Notice also	provides you with information about the steps we take to ensure the processing of your personal data is in compliance with the Data Protection Act	2018, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection	of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data	(known as the General Data Protection Regulation), as it forms part of the law of England, Wales,	Scotland and Northern Ireland by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended	by the Data Protection Act 2018 (“UK GDPR”) and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulation 2003 (as amended by European Directive 2009/136/EC), and any subsequent amendments (collectively referred to as	“Data Protection Legislation”).
If you are a Residential Customer, please find the applicable Privacy Notice
here
.
If you visit a residential premises using Verisure services, please find the applicable Privacy Notice
here
.
If you are a Business Customer, please find the applicable Privacy Notice
here
.
If you visit a business premises using Verisure services, please find the applicable Privacy Notice
here
.
Due to the international nature of its business, Verisure Services (UK) Ltd may, in the ordinary course of	business, transfer personal data to other Verisure entities which are companies that fall within the	Verisure Group as defined in the Intra Group Agreement.
Verisure entities have implemented an Intra-Group Agreement to comply with the legal requirements for	personal data transfers. The agreement ensures that the sharing and transfer of personal data between the	entities are lawful. Additionally, the Intra-Group Agreement will ensure the lawful transfers of personal	data from the EEA to non-EEA countries.
These Verisure entities are affiliates, and they may share personal data during the operation of their	businesses. For example, in order to manage and deliver related services, they may need to collect, access,	process, and/or transfer (collectively, "transfers") personal data about Verisure Services (UK) Ltd.’s	customers.
We are committed to protecting your data and treating it in accordance with data protection legislation.	Please read our privacy notice carefully. It contains important information about how we receive and use	your personal information.
You can print or save this Privacy Notice by using the usual functionality of your browser.
1. Contact
The entity and persons responsible for processing your personal data when visiting this website, the app	and the use of our products within the meaning of the GDPR can be contacted at:
Verisure Services (UK) Ltd
Quorum Business Park
Q12
Benton Lane
Newcastle Upon Tyne
NE12 8BU
United Kingdom
Phone:
0333 200 9000
E-Mail:
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
For any questions relating to data protection, our products and services, the use of our website or app,	you can also contact our Data Protection Officer who can be reached any time at the above postal address	as well as at the above e-mail address.
2. What is Personal Data?
Personal data is information relating to an identified or identifiable person. This mainly includes	information that makes it possible to draw conclusions about your identity, such as your name, telephone	number, address or e-mail address. Please note that statistical data that we collect when you visit our	website cannot be associated with you and is not covered by the definition of personal data.
3. What Personal Data do we Collect?
The personal data we collect about you are personal data you provide us with when you contact us, request	a quote, make enquiries, visit our website, enter into an agreement with us, complete our survey or use	our services. Such personal data may be, for example, contact details, login details, order and payment	details, prior purchases as well as information about how you use our services. In some instances, we	also collect personal data about you from other sources such as our third-party partners, as we further	set out in this Privacy Notice. In order to develop our website and app services, we also use cookies	which may contain personal data. You can read more about how we use cookies in our cookie policy,	available
here.
Additional information you provide in your communications with us.
You may consider it necessary to provide information to Verisure about special requirements to receive	our services, such as health data (i.e. hearing impairment or physical disability), which are relevant	for the efficient management of delivering our alarm monitoring services to you. In such cases, Verisure	may have to process this information about your health (e.g. regarding impairment of hearing that	prevents you from hearing the siren), or other form of disability. In some cases, there may also be	instances where we may have to collect and process this information for other legal requirements,	including under employment law.
Such health data is a special category of personal data. This means we must treat it with extra care	under applicable data protection requirements.
This special category personal data may be provided by you or indirectly during or following your	interactions with us (through e.g., chat, e-mail, text messages, calls to our customer services centre	or in person during a maintenance visit recorded by our staff).
Where we process such special category personal data we will do so, based on the following legal basis	and purposes where:
It is necessary to protect your, or someone else’s, vital interests:
we reasonably believe that you or another person are at risk of harm (if we do not	process the data about you) and the processing is necessary to protect you or them from	harm or to protect physical, mental or emotional well-being;
we reasonably believe it is necessary to protect the economic well-being of you or	another person, where you or that person is less able to protect your own economic	well-being by reason of physical or mental injury, illness or disability;
it is necessary for the prevention or detection of an unlawful act;
we need to carry out our obligations or rights in connection with employment, for example where	we need to protect our staff members from harm.
We may also collect such data where we have your consent to do so.
Where you choose to provide health data voluntarily which it is not clear to us obviously falls into any	of the categories above, we will discuss with you whether we should retain it and, if necessary (and not	for the above purposes) will obtain your consent to future processing of that data.
This paragraph only applies to your special category personal data and should be read in conjunction with	our wider privacy notice which governs the collection and processing of all personal information about	you. If you need more information on the above, or have any queries, please do not hesitate to contact	us.
4. How We Collect your Data - Data Processing on Our Website, App, and Products
Our Website and App
Every time you use our website and app, we collect the access data that your browser or device	automatically	transmits to allow you to visit the website or app. This data is standard technical data (so-called log	files) that are transmitted to our server:
IP address of the requesting device.
Date and time of request.
Address of the website and the requesting website.
Information about the browser used, the operating system and the ISP.
Online identifiers (e.g. device identifiers, session IDs).
Volume.
The data processing of this access data is necessary to enable the visit of the website and the use of	our app, and lastly facilitates the functionality and safety of our systems. For the purposes described	above, access data is also temporarily stored in internal log files to provide statistical information	about the use of our website and app in order to provide our website with the usage habits of our	visitors. (For example, the number of mobile devices used to retrieve the pages) and to maintain our	website and app administratively in general. The legal basis is our
legitimate interest
to enable you to	visit the website, use our app and ensure functionality and safety of our system.
The information stored in the log files does not allow any direct conclusions to be drawn about you – in	particular, we only store the IP addresses in a shortened, anonymised form.
Contact
You have different ways to get in touch with us through our website or app. This includes the contact	form for calculating an offer, contacting our customer support or sales team by email or phone, or the	recall function. The following data is collected: Your first and last name, home address, email address,	telephone number and a general description of your property and lifestyle habits. We obtain this data	either directly from you, for example when you use our website, or from third party aggregators to which	you may provide such information, such as price comparison websites. Please note that we record calls	for quality and training purposes.
To the extent that the information is required to initiate or execute a contract with you, for example,	to provide an accurate individual offer, we will process it solely for this purpose and the legal basis	for this is the entering into and the
performance of our contract
with you. To the extent this	information is necessary to respond to your requests, including to provide you with information about	our services or make an appointment to assess your security requirements and to help the salesperson	make a booking to visit you, the legal basis for this processing is our
legitimate interest
. In	addition, we also collect this data for statistical purposes in order to improve our products and	services, as well as for internal purposes, to provide training for our employees and to carry out	quality checks. These processing activities are based on our
legitimate interest
.
Registration
You can register to use the full functionality of our website, app and products. This includes the	possibility of reviewing and configuring your alarm system, support requests, and the ability to order	other products. We have highlighted the data we require by labelling them as required. These are your	first and last name, mobile number, email address and password. Registration is not possible without	this data. The legal basis for this processing is the
performance of our contract with you
.
Social Media
We operate a page (fan page) on the social network (Facebook), which is available to users outside the	USA and Canada from Facebook Ireland Limited ("Facebook") and for all other users from Facebook USA,	which is offered, in joint responsibility with Facebook, to communicate with followers (such as our	customers and prospective customers) and to inform you about our products and services.
Facebook allows us to obtain statistics on engagements on our page (for example, information about	number, names, interactions such as like and comments, as well as aggregated demographic and other	information or statistics). More information on the nature and scope of these statistics can be found in	the
Facebook page statistics notices
. More information about the respective responsibilities can be	found on the
Facebook page insights addition.
The legal basis for this data processing is based on our	aforementioned
legitimate interest
.
We have no control over data that Facebook processes under its own responsibility in accordance with	Facebook's terms of service. However, we would like to point out that when you visit the fan page, data	from your usage behaviour is transferred from Facebook and the fan page to Facebook. Facebook itself	processes the aforementioned information to create more detailed statistics and for its own market	research and advertising purposes over which we have no control. More information can be found in the
Data policy
from Facebook.
Where we operate a Facebook fan page we receive your personal data, to this end, we set out your rights	in this Privacy Statement. If you want to assert your rights with Facebook, the easiest way to do this	is to contact Facebook directly. Facebook knows both the details of the technical operation of their	platform and the associated data processing as well as the specific purposes of data processing and can	implement appropriate measures upon request if you wish to exercise your rights. We are happy to support	you when asserting your rights, as far as we can and direct your inquiries to Facebook.
Direct marketing communications
We partner with marketing companies for the purpose of identifying and getting in touch with prospective	customers. These companies obtain marketing consent on our behalf through third-party websites which	organise surveys, competitions, or prize draws. If you visit those websites and give your consent to	receive Verisure marketing, your contact details will be passed on to us and we will send you marketing	communications. See section 5(b) “Marketing, including targeted direct marketing” below for more	information.
5. Our Processing of Personal Data
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
a. Administration and Performance of Contracts
We use your personal data to provide, administer and personalise our products and services, to enable	login	to our website and app and to provide customer service to you as our customer. For this purpose, we	process	personal data such as contact details, order and payment details, login details and sensitive personal	data	if you provide that to us. Our legal basis for this purpose is
Performance of a Contract
.
GPS position and Geo-location: We process the GPS position of protected locations in order to fulfil our	contractual obligations, including to dispatch a private security guard as quickly as possible if	necessary.
Depending on your equipment, we can also track the GPS position of your mobile device, only if you	accepted	it when installing the app and only to provide you with the @Home SOS service, allowing us under some	conditions to process an SOS signal launched from your MyVerisure mobile app, and/or send you push	notifications relevant to your location. You can turn off your mobile device's geolocation at any time	from	your device settings (in which case you will not be able to take advantage of all the services offered	by	the app). Geo-location relies on default maps SDKs, such as Google Maps SDK to geo-localise the device.
b. Marketing, Including Targeted Direct Marketing
Subject to your marketing preferences, including your settings on advertising cookies, we process your	personal data for marketing purposes, including profiling for direct marketing. Our marketing activities	include the following:
Email marketing
: Sending marketing communications via email about Verisure,	including offers about	our products and services, newsletters, information about new products and competitions we may	organise from time to time. When we send you marketing emails, we also monitor whether you open	these emails and/or click on URLs in our emails. We obtain your contact details for email	marketing predominantly through our third-party partners: we partner with marketing companies	and third-party websites which organise surveys, competitions or prize draws. If you visit those	websites and give your consent for your contact details to be passed on to Verisure for	marketing purposes, we will add you to our marketing list and send you email marketing. You can	withdraw your consent at any time, by following the unsubscribe link contained in our marketing	emails or by getting in touch with our Contact Centre by writing to marketinguk@verisure.co.uk.
We act as joint controllers with those partners when they obtain consent from our prospective	customers for our marketing activities. In this case, our partners remain responsible for how	they use your information, for obtaining your marketing consent and for providing you with	appropriate information about using your information and sharing this with Verisure Services	(UK) Ltd. You can contact us directly if you would like to exercise your data protection rights	(for example, if you would like to withdraw your consent), but please note that these partners	remain solely responsible for any use of your personal data that does not relate to Verisure,	and you should contact them directly if your request is not relevant to Verisure.
Calls
: Contacting on the phone prospective customers who have been referred to	us by their friends or family. Sometimes, when our customers or prospective customers get in	touch with us, they also share with us the contact details of friends or family members who are	interested in our products and services. In that instance, we would call them to discuss their	security needs and our offerings.
As we explain above, we will also contact you on the phone if you have requested a quote through	our website or through third-party aggregator websites, such as price comparison websites with	which we cooperate, in order to fulfil your request, discuss your security needs and provide you	a quote for our products and services. In that case, we will not use your contact details for	wider marketing purposes.
Marketing personalisation
: Creating marketing profiles about our customers and	prospective customers, in order to understand their preferences in relation to our products and	services, and to deliver personalised advertising.
List-based matching
: social media providers give us the option to find our	existing and prospective customers on their platforms and show them our ads. For example, we	provide Facebook with our customers’ email addresses in an encrypted form (hashed); if a	customer	has a Facebook account with the same email address, Facebook will match this information and	will	show them our ads on its platform. In some cases, we ask these parties to show our ads only if	we	think this will be particularly relevant to a customer, based on information they hold on that	customer such as demographics (e.g. age), activity on the social media platform or other	websites,	location or interests. We will not receive though this information about our customers. There	can	also be cases where we provide social media platforms with your hashed email address, so as to	ensure that they do not show our ads to you. We currently use this matching activity with the	following parties: Meta Platforms, Nextdoor, TikTok and Snapchat.
Lookalike matching
: we also use personal information of our customers to allow	social media platforms to find individuals who have a similar profile to our customers and who	we expect are interested to find out more about our products and services, so as to show our	ads to them. For example, we provide Facebook with hashed email addresses of our customers,	which Facebook would match with these customers’ Facebook profiles. Based on these profiles,	Facebook will look for other Facebook users who have a similar profile to our customer and	would show them our ads. We currently use this matching activity with the following partners:	Meta Platforms, TikTok and Snapchat.
Social media advertising
: We also use personal data when the users of our	website interact with third party social networking features, such as “Like” functions, to serve	them with advertisements and engage with them on third party social networks. You can learn more	about how these features work, the profile data that we obtain about you, and find out how to	opt out, by reviewing the privacy notices of the relevant third- party social networks. For	example, we currently use Facebook and Instagram for these purposes.
For these marketing activities, we use your personal information such as contact details, browsing	habits, interests and visit history, order and demographic information.
We rely on your
consent
when the law requires us to do so; for example, we obtain your consent to use	advertising	cookies and similar technologies and to send you marketing emails. Otherwise, our legal basis for our	marketing	activities is our
legitimate interest
to keep you informed of and promote our products and services and	to manage	our relationship with you as our customer, to the extent this is allowed by law.
You always have the right to opt out of marketing directed to you. To do so, contact us at	marketinguk@verisure.co.uk. You can also unsubscribe from email marketing specifically, by clicking on	the unsubscribe link in the relevant marketing communication.
c. Surveys and Business Development
We use your personal data, such as data derived from statistical compilations, market segmentations and	satisfaction surveys for the purposes of conducting marketing analyses. The results of our analyses are	used for improving, replacing and developing new products and services, processes or working methods	with	the goal of developing our business, and to improve our standards. When we do this, we may process your	personal data to improve our customer service, to offer new solutions or to adapt our website and/or	app.
The categories of personal data we process for business development include contact details, purchasing	patterns,	order and payment data, demographic data, browsing habits and visit history. Our legal basis for this	processing	is
legitimate interest
.
Surveys
When you request a quote on our website, we may use the personal data you submit to contact you to	participate in one of our surveys. We will use the data you provide for statistical purposes and to gain	insight about the delivery of our services when you request a quote or subscribe to our services. The	lawful basis we rely on for processing your data is
legitimate interest
under article 6(1)(f) of the UK	GDPR.
We will only contact you to participate in further survey(s) where we have your consent. You can opt out	from participating in additional surveys when we contact you initially or anytime. The lawful basis we	rely on for processing your personal data is your consent under article 6(1)(a) of the UK GDPR.
d. Defending Our Legal Interests in the Event of a Dispute
In the event of a dispute, such as a payment dispute, we have the right to use your data for the purpose	of establishing, defending, or enforcing the legal claim.
The categories of personal data we process for this include contact details, order and payment details,	login details, demographic data, and sensitive personal data if you provide that to us. Our legal basis	for this processing is
legitimate interest
.
e. Complying with Legal Obligations
We may process your personal data to comply with our legal obligations under applicable law, e.g.,	legislation regarding accounting, audit and tax.
The categories of personal data we process for this include contact details, order and payment data. Our	legal basis is
compliance with a legal obligation
.
6. Data Processing Related to Our App Website
Downloading And Installing the App
In order to download and install our app from an app store (e.g. Google Play Store or Apple App Store),	you must first register with the provider of the app store for a user account and enter a corresponding	usage agreement with the store. We have no influence on this, in particular we are not party to the	contract between you and the store. When downloading and installing the app, the necessary information	is transferred to the respective app store, in particular your username, email address and your	account's customer number, the time of download and the individual device identification number. We have	no control over this data collection and are not responsible for it. We only process the data to the	extent necessary for downloading and installing the app on your mobile device (e.g. smartphone, tablet).	In this case, the legal basis is our
legitimate interest
.
Push News
The app can provide you with information through push messages, even if you are not using the app in the	foreground (e.g. status messages about the alarm system). The notes can be made using sound, messages	(e.g. in the form of screen banners) and/or symbol marks (an image or digit on the app icon). To prevent	this, you can disable the sending of push messages through your device setting at any time.
The legal basis for the aforementioned data processing is for
performance of our contract with you
, as	far as push messages relate to contract processing. Otherwise, the legal basis is our
legitimate	interest
in providing you with product recommendations.
Google Maps
Our website and app use Google Maps service for users from the European Economic Area, Switzerland and	Liechtenstein from Google Ireland Limited ("Google"). In order for the Google map service to be	integrated and displayed in your web browser or app, your web browser or app may connect to a Google	server that may also be located in the United States when you visit the contact page. This provides	Google with information that the corresponding website or app has been accessed from the IP address of	your device. The legal basis is based on our
legitimate interest
. Google and Verisure Services (UK) Ltd	have their respective data protection obligations in an
Agreement
.
If you visit the Google map service on our website or app while you are logged into your Google profile,	Google can also link this event to your Google profile. Otherwise, if you do not want it to be linked to	your Google profile, you need to log out of Google before visiting our contact page. Google stores your	data and uses it for advertising, market research, and personalized representation of Google Maps. You	can object to this data collection to Google.
More information can be found in the
Privacy policy from Google
and the
Additional Terms of Use	for Google Maps
.
Integration of videos
Integration of YouTube videos
We have included videos on our website and app that are stored on YouTube and can be played directly from	our websites. YouTube is a multimedia service of YouTube LLC, ("Google"). The legal basis is based on	our
legitimate interest
in integrating video and image content.
By visiting the corresponding page on which videos are included on our website or app, YouTube and Google	receive the information that you have accessed the corresponding website. This is done regardless of	whether you are logged into YouTube or Google or not. YouTube and Google use this data for advertising,	market research, and on-demand design of their websites. If you visit YouTube on our website or app	while you are logged into your YouTube or Google profile, YouTube and Google can also link this event to	their respective profiles. If you do not want this assignment, you must log out of YouTube or Google	before visiting our website.
You can configure your browser to reject cookies, or you can prevent the collection of data generated by	cookies relating to your use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google, by	clicking the
Google Advertising Settings
to turn off the Personalised Advertising. In this case, Google	will only display non-customised ads.
More information can be found in the
YouTube Privacy notices from Google
.
Integration of Vimeo-Videos
We have included videos on our website and app that are stored on the video platform Vimeo and can be	played directly from our websites. Vimeo is a multimedia service of Vimeo Inc., ("Vimeo"). The legal	basis for integration is based on our
legitimate interest
in integrating video and image content. By	visiting the corresponding page on which videos are included on our website or app, Vimeo receives the	information that you have accessed the corresponding page. This can be done regardless of whether you	are logged in to Vimeo or not. Vimeo may use this data for advertising, market research and on-demand	design of its websites. If you visit videos on our website or app while you are logged into your Vimeo	profile, Vimeo can also link this event to your Vimeo profile. If you do not want this to be linked to	your Vimeo profile, you need to log out of Vimeo before visiting our app.
For more information, see the
Privacy notices	Vimeo
.
Google Fonts
Our website uses Google Fonts, which is available for users from the European Economic Area, Switzerland	and Liechtenstein from Google. When you visit a page, your browser loads the font you need to display	texts correctly and attractively. To do this, your browser must connect to Google's servers. This tells	Google that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Such calls run separately from other	Google services, which require users to authenticate, according to Google. The server to which a	connection is established can be located in the United States. The legal basis for data processing is	based on our legitimate interest in a consistent and appealing presentation of our online presence. For	more information, see the
Common	questions
and the
Privacy	policy from Google
.
7. Data Processing Related to Our Products and Services
Personal data is collected in connection with our products depending on which products and how you use	them. Below are business processes in which we collect and process personal data. This data is either	provided to us directly by you or by third parties or collected by your activities on our website or by	the use of our products.
Orders
In the case of an order process, we collect the following necessary mandatory information for the	processing of the contract:
Title.
First and last name.
Date of birth.
Email address.
Password.
Billing and shipping address.
Payment data (such as payment method, bank details).
As an option, information such as the telephone number is possible, so that we can contact you in this	way if you have any questions. The legal basis for processing is the
performance of our contract
with	you.
Contact after an Alarm or for Routine Service and Maintenance Purposes
In the event of an alarm triggered by you or for routine service and maintenance purposes, we will try to	reach you by phone. For these purposes, we collect the following data:
First and last name.
Address.
Contact number (s).
Email address.
First and last name of emergency contacts.
Call logs and all correspondence.
GPS data.
System user logs including alarm and response events.
All phone calls are recorded and stored in a secure third-party database. The legal basis is both
performance of our contract
with you as well for
compliance with our legal obligations
under the	European Standard for Monitoring and Alarm Receiving Centres (“EN 50518”) according to which the	telephone traffic of an alarm reception point must be recorded.
Emergency Contacts
Emergency contacts will only be contacted if an alarm is triggered and we are unable to reach you.	Emergency contacts can be your partners, family members, neighbours, friends or co-workers. The	following data of the emergency contacts are collected:
First and last name.
Mobile.
Email address.
If you provide us with personal information about these individuals, you must inform us that these	individuals have agreed that their personal information can be used for the purpose of using it as your	emergency contact person. You also state that this is in your and our legitimate interest. We will	process this personal information to the extent permitted under the terms of this Privacy Notice. If	after we have collected the personal data of your emergency contacts and they do not already have the	information that we process their data, we will contact them and provide them with our privacy notice.
If an emergency contact indicates that it does not want to act as an emergency contact, we will remove it	from your emergency contact list. For this purpose, the emergency contact should contact
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.
The legal basis is that storage is necessary to protect your
legitimate interests
in the security of your	property.
Data Processing as Part of the Alarm Records and Security Surveillance
In order to be able to offer our comprehensive alarm service, a wide range of data on our part is	processed as part of an alarm recording:
If an alarm is activated or deactivated, these data points are processed: Time of alarm, method	used to activate or deactivate the alarm, and your username. These records are also available to	you on our website in the My Pages section and in our app.
If your alarm is triggered, we will process images and video recordings of your property	according to the type of device set up in your property. Image capture and video recording take	place without storage. When an alarm is triggered, within a short period of seconds, photos are	shot from the camera and transmitted to our Alarm Response Centre. Only certain employees will	have access to these images. As long as no alarm has been triggered, it is not possible for our	employees to view the video/images of your cameras.
Depending on your product, you can use the system at any time to view and photograph your	property.
In the event of an alarm trigger, we will record your GPS location to determine whether or not	you are at home at the time of the alarm.
The legal basis is
performance of the contract
concluded between you and us.
Data Processing when the Camera System is in Comfort Mode
Depending on your product, you can use the system at any time to view and photograph / record	your property.
Depending on the system and devices installed at your property, you can record videos and images	through movement/ audio triggered recording, livestreaming, continuous recording and	customer-initiated recording.
We process these commands in relation to videos/images on your behalf in order for the devices to	respond to your instruction. We do not have access to these images/ video.
These images are stored in your Amazon Web Services account according to the terms and conditions	of your agreement with them. We do not have access to this account.
These images could also be stored on an SD card inserted into the device. This card is entirely	your property and your responsibility. We do not have access to the images on the SD card.
Alarm Photos and Recordings
Your use of our alarm system (“System”) and our provision of the services may involve the	processing of personal data, in particular where the System captures Image and/ or Audio Data.	Unless an applicable legal exemption applies (which may be the case for limited use of the	System within Comfort Mode (defined below) within a purely personal or household setting), Data	Protection Legislation will regulate the way in which you use the System and the way we provide	the Services.
Comfort Mode
refers to the use of the System by you or anyone authorised by you at any	time other than when the System has a Security Alert and is under the control of Verisure Services (UK)	Ltd.
You are responsible for the decision to install our System at relevant site locations and use the	functionality within the System to view, record and store Image Data captured by the Equipment.
Unless an applicable legal exemption applies, you will be regarded as a controller under Data	Protection Legislation for this processing of Image Data. As a condition for installing the	System and making use of the Services, you must take time to familiarise yourself with	applicable Data Protection Legislation and comply with any legal responsibilities placed on you	as a controller under those legislation in relation to the processing of Image Data. We draw	your attention in particular to the obligations which you may have under applicable Data	Protection Legislation in relation to the careful placement of Equipment to avoid excessive,	unfair or unlawful capture of Image Data, the use of Image Data in a proportionate and fair way	for lawful purposes, the installation of signage and other information to ensure people entering	the site locations where the System is installed are aware that the System is operating and how	Image Data may be used, whilst respecting legal rights available to individuals to secure access	to Image Data which may relate to them.
Our installation team may endeavour to provide further guidance and assistance to you on these	matters as part of the installation process. However, you understand that they are not privacy	advisors, so any guidance provided should not be relied on as constituting legal or other	regulatory advice. If you do not understand your obligations as a controller, we strongly	recommend that you take independent professional legal advice. Further you understand that it is	your decision to place Equipment within the relevant site locations and make use of the System.	Our involvement in the installation process is not intended to and shall not affect your	responsibilities as controller under applicable Data Protection Legislation.
8. Cookies on Our Website
Use of Own Cookies
Some of our services require us to use so-called cookies. A cookie is a small text file stored by the	browser on your device. Cookies are not used to run programs or load viruses onto your computer.	Rather, the main purpose of our own cookies is to provide a specially tailored offer to you and to	make the use of our services as timesaving as possible.
Most browsers are set by default to accept cookies. However, you can adjust your browser settings so	that cookies are rejected or stored only after prior consent. If you reject cookies, not all of our	offers will be available to you.
We use cookies to facilitate navigation on the site, for security reasons and to achieve greater	efficiency and personalization of the services offered to users. We want to make it possible for you	to use our website more comfortably and individually. These services are based on our aforementioned	legitimate interests.
We also use cookies and similar technologies (e.g. web beacons) from partners for analytical and	marketing purposes. This is described in more detail in the following sections. Further information can	also be found at
https://www.verisure.com/cookies-policy
.
Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies for Analysis Purposes
To improve our website, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g. web beacons) to statistically	collect and analyse general usage behaviour using access data. We also use analytical services to	evaluate the use of our various marketing channels.
The legal basis for the data processing described in the following section is our
legitimate interest
in	the needs-based design and continuous optimisation of our website.
Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service of Google. According to Google, the contact	for all data protection matters is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4,	Ireland. Google Analytics uses cookies and similar technologies to analyse and improve our website based	on your user behaviour. The data generated in this context can be transmitted by Google to a server in	the USA for evaluation and stored there. However, your IP address will be shortened before the usage	statistics are evaluated, so that no conclusions can be drawn about your identity. For this purpose,	Google Analytics has been expanded on our website to include the code "anonymizeIP" to ensure anonymised	collection of IP addresses.
Google will process the information obtained through the cookies to evaluate your use of the website, to	compile reports on website activities for website operators, and to provide additional information	relating to website use and internet use Services.
You can configure your browser to reject cookies, as shown above, or you can prevent the collection of	data generated by cookies related to your use of this website (including your IP address) and Google's	processing of that data by using a Google provided
Browser Add-On
. This prevents data collection by	Google Analytics within this website in the future (the opt-out only works in the browser and only for	this domain). If you delete your cookies in this browser, you will need to click this link again.
More information can be found in the
Privacy policy Google
.
Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies for Online Advertising
We also use cookies and similar technologies for advertising purposes. Some of the access data accessed	when using our website is used for interest-based advertising. By analysing and evaluating this access	data, we are able to show you personalised advertising on our website and on the websites of other	providers. This means advertising that suits your real interests and needs.
The legal basis for the data processing described in the following section is based on our
legitimate	interest
in promoting our products and services in personalised form.
In the following section, we would like to explain these technologies and the vendors used for them in	more detail.
Data collected may be, in particular,
The IP address of the device.
The date and time of access.
The identification number of a cookie.
Device recognition of mobile devices.
And technical information about the browser and operating system.
However, the collected data is stored only pseudonymously, so that no direct conclusions can be drawn	about you.
Through corresponding settings on the websites, you can refuse to take part in our analytical and	advertising measures as both sites provide the capability to block many advertisers. Both websites allow	the listed providers to disable all ads at once using opt-out cookies or, alternatively, to make the	settings for each provider. Please note that after deleting all cookies in your browser or later using	another browser and/or profile, an opt-out cookie must be set again.
Custom Audience Matching
As we described above, we use Facebook’s Custom Audience service. This service uses both information that	you provide to us or our marketing partners (for example, your email address) and also information	collected through cookies and similar technologies, such as Facebook’s pixel. With the help of its	pixel, Facebook is able to determine which visitors to our website are also Facebook users, so as to	display our ads to those users on Facebook. This allows us to target our advertising on Facebook and	show our ads to users who have shown an interest in our online offering.
Similar to Facebook’s Custom Audience, we also use equivalent services provided by Instagram, Google,	Microsoft, TikTok and Snapchat and Nextdoor.
Google Ads Conversion Tracking
Our websites use “Google Ads," which is available to users from the European Economic Area, Switzerland	and Liechtenstein from Google Ireland Limited. “AdWords conversion tracking" captures customers’ actions	(such as clicking on an ad, page views, downloads) and analyse them. We make use of "AdWords	Remarketing” to show you individualised advertising messages for our products on partner websites of	Google. Both services used cookies and similar technologies. The data generated in this context can be	transmitted by Google to a server in the USA for evaluation and stored there.
If you use a Google account, Google can link your web and app browsing history to your Google account,	depending on the settings stored in the Google account, and use information from your Google account to	personalise ads. If you do not want this assignment to your Google account, you may need to log out of	Google before using our website.
You can configure your browser to reject cookies, as shown above. In addition, you can turn off the	Personalised Advertising button from Google
Advertising settings
. In this case, Google will only display	general advertising that has not been selected based on the information you collect.
More information can be found in the
Information on data usage
and
Google Privacy policy
.
Google Marketing Platform
DoubleClick uses cookies and similar technologies to present ads that are relevant to you. The use of the	DoubleClick allows Google and its partner websites to serve ads based on previous visits to our or other	websites on the Internet. The data generated in this context can be transmitted by Google to a server in	the USA for evaluation and stored there.
You can prevent cookies from being stored by adjusting your browser accordingly (as described above);	However, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to make full use of all the	functions of the website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookies	relating to your use of the website, as well as Google's processing of that data by clicking
Browser plug-in to	deactivate DoubleClick
. As an alternative to the browser plug-in or within browsers on mobile	devices, you can browse the Google
Advertising settings
to turn off the Personalised Advertising button.	In this case, Google will only display general advertising that has not been selected based on the	information you collect.
More information can be found in the
Google Privacy policy
.
9. Disclosure of Data
As a matter of principle, the data collected by us will only be passed on if we have your express consent	or where it is necessary to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to believe	that you have an overriding interest in the absence of disclosure of your data or are required by law or	permitted by law and in where required for the settlement of contractual relationships with you or for	the implementation of pre-contractual measures, which will be carried out at your request.
However, we may share them with other Verisure entities as part of the delivery of our products and	services. Because our products and services and their execution require the skills and resources of	other	companies, some of the data processing can be done by our service providers below although this is not	an	exhaustive list of providers and may be changed from time to time. Categories of these recipients	include:
Cloud storage providers such as Amazon Cloud Cam for storing alarm records and the personal	information you provide, and for emergency recovery services, as well as for fulfilling	contracts	we enter with you.
Account managers who support us in providing our forms and invoices as well as in contacting you.
Telephone providers (Verint, Genesys, Inconcert) through which we will contact you by phone.
Payment service providers (iZettle; GoCardless) with which we process your installation and	service	payments.
Financial service providers (e.g. debt collection agencies) to which we can assign receivables	from	the contract with you, e.g. in the case of unauthorised delayed payment of products and services	provided.
Credit financing companies, such as Humm, in order to process your payment and provide you with	the	requested credit facilities.
Security companies such as Aura UK Services Limited (Company No. 13130147), 6th Floor Charles House, 108-110 Finchley Road, London, United Kingdom, NW3 5JJ, in which we send a security	guard in case an alarm is raised.
Service providers such as KKC Ltd who process personal data in order to provide requested services.
The police, if it is obvious that a crime is being committed.
Providers of IT services that provide us with IT services that we use to store our customer	relationship management information.
Analysis and search engine providers (see above) to help us improve and optimize the website.
Data centres that store our website and databases.
IT service providers which maintain our systems.
Delivery and courier companies that deliver our products to you.
Consulting firms.
Business partners (such as business introducers, online sales sites) when you have accepted that	they communicate your details to us so that we can offer you our products and/services. We may	share your data to identify that you already benefit from our product and service offers in	order	to prevent these partners from soliciting you again, or so that these partners can, where	applicable, grant you the advantages granted within the framework of the subscription to a	particular commercial offer. For more information on the marketing partners we use in the	context	of our email marketing activities, please see above, section 5 “Our processing of personal	data”,	sub-section “Marketing, including Targeted Direct Marketing”.
Social media networks, such as Meta Platforms, Google, Nextdoor, Microsoft, TikTok, Snapchat to	present our ads to you on other platforms and to allow those parties to show you tailored	advertising. For example, we may share with Meta Platforms the actions that you take on our	website	such as your visits to our website, your interactions on our website, use of Facebook Connect	and	information collected from cookies or similar technologies including the Facebook pixel. This	allows us to measure the effectiveness of our advertising, improve our marketing practices, and	helps us deliver more relevant advertising to you (including on social media such as Facebook):	for	this activity, we are a Joint Controller with Meta Platforms Inc. This means that we have to	provide you with this notice, but you should contact Meta Platforms Inc if you wish to exercise	your data protection rights. Further information, including how Meta Platforms Inc enable you to	exercise your data protection rights, and subsequently processes your information as independent	data controller can be found in
Meta’s Data Policy
.
Credit Reference Agency- We use Equifax to conduct an affordability check. As part of the	affordability check we may provide your name and address to Equifax who provide us with the	credit	check results. To proceed with the affordability check, we rely on your consent. These are	‘soft’	credit checks (i.e. the search will appear on your credit file but it will not impact your	credit	score). Equifax will disclose information in relation to your financial standing based on	publicly	available data such as county court judgements and credit search history. During the credit	score	check, Verisure and Equifax act as independent data controllers. Copy of the Credit Reference	Agency Information Notice (CRAIN) is available at
www.equifax.co.uk/crain
In the event of a company purchase or sale to a third party, your information will be forwarded	to	the potential buyer or the new owner.
If we disclose data to service providers, they may only use the data to perform their tasks. The service	providers were carefully selected and commissioned by us. They are contractually bound by our	instructions, have appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to protect the rights of	the persons concerned and are regularly monitored by us.
In addition, disclosure may take place in connection with government inquiries, court orders, legal	proceedings or if it is necessary to disclose your data to law enforcement authorities for preventing or	detecting unlawful acts also known as Criminal Offence Data under sections 10,11 (2) and in compliance	with Schedule 1 (paragraphs 10 or 36) of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Articles 6 and 10 of UK GDPR.	If we share data in this regard, our legal basis is
compliance with legal obligation
.
10. Where Data is Processed
As a matter of principle, we store your information within the UK, the EU or within the European Economic	Area (EEA). Or in countries that have an appropriate level of data protection.
If we share your information with companies outside (i) of the EEA or (ii) the UK or (iii) countries with	an appropriate level of data protection, we contractually require these companies to treat your	information on a similar basis to ours. In these cases, we ensure that the data submitted is protected.
For more details, please send any requests to:
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
Q12 Quorum Business Park, Benton Lane, Newcastle Upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear, NE12 8BU
11. How Long is Data Stored?
As a matter of principle, we only retain personal data for as long as this is necessary to comply with	contractual or legal obligations to which we have collected the data. After that, we delete the data	immediately, unless we still need the data until the expiry of statutory limitation periods, for	evidence	of civil claims or due to legal retention obligations.
We may also have to store your data for some accounting reasons. We are obliged to do so because of legal	documentation obligations, which may arise from the Commercial Code, the Tax Code, the Credit	Information	Act, the Money Laundering Act and the Securities Trading Act.
12. Your Rights
You have the right to request:
Your right
What does it mean?
How do I execute this right?
Conditions to exercise?
Right of access
Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to have access to your personal data	which we	hold (this is more commonly known as submitting a “data subject access request”).
Requests for such information should be made in writing to
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.	If possible, you should specify the type of information you would like to see to	ensure that our disclosure is meeting your expectations.
We must be able to verify your identity. Your request may not affect the rights and	freedoms of others, e.g. privacy and confidentiality rights of other customers or	third parties for example neighbours. Data solely retained for data backup purposes	is principally excluded.
Right of data portability
Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to receive the data which you have	provided to us and which is processed by us by automated means, in a commonly-used	machine readable format.
Requests should be made in writing to
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.	If possible, you should specify the type of information you would like to receive to	ensure that our disclosure is meeting your expectations.
The UK GDPR does not establish a general right to data portability. This right only	applies if the processing is based on your consent or on our contract with you and	when the processing is carried out by automated means (e.g. not for paper records).	It affects only personal data that was “provided” by you. Hence, it does, as a rule,	not apply to personal data that was created by Verisure Services (UK) Ltd.
Rights in relation to inaccurate personal or incomplete data
You may challenge the accuracy or completeness of personal data which we process	about you. If it is found that personal data is inaccurate, you are entitled to have	the inaccurate data removed, corrected or completed, as appropriate.
We encourage you to notify us of any changes regarding your personal data as soon as	they occur, including changes to your contact details, telephone number, immigration	status and so on. Please always check first whether self-help tools are available.	If no such tools are available, requests should be made in writing to
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.
This right only applies to your own personal data. When exercising this right, please	be as specific as possible.
Right to object to or restrict our data processing
Subject to certain conditions, you have the right to object to or ask us to restrict	the processing of your personal data.
Requests should be made in writing to
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.
This right applies only if the processing of your personal data is explicitly based	on our so-called “legitimate interests” (see “basis of processing” above).	Objections must be based on grounds relating to your particular situation. They must	not be generic so that we can demonstrate that there are still lawful grounds for us	to process your personal data.
Right to have personal data erased
Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled, on certain grounds, to have your	personal data erased (also known as the “right to be forgotten”), e.g., where you	think that the information we are processing is inaccurate, or the processing is	unlawful.
Requests should be made in writing to
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.
There are various lawful reasons why we may not be in a position to erase your	personal data. This may apply (i) where we have to comply with a legal obligation,	(ii) in case of exercising or defending legal claims, or (iii) where retention	periods apply by law or our statutes.
Right to withdrawal
You have the right to withdraw your consent to any processing for which you have	previously given that consent.
Requests should be made in writing to
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.
If you withdraw your consent, this will only take effect for the future.
Finally, you have the right to complain to the data protection regulator responsible for us. You may	assert this right with a supervisory authority in the Member State of your residence. In the UK, the	Information Commissioner’s Office competent supervisory authority is:
Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Tel: 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545 745 if you prefer to use a national rate number.
Fax: 01625 524 510
13. Security
We maintain up-to-date technical measures to ensure data security, in particular to protect your personal	data from data transfer risks and from the acquisition of knowledge by third parties. These are adjusted	according to the current state of the art. To secure the personal information you provide on our	website, we use the Transport Layer Security (TLS), which encrypts the information you enter.
Changes to the Privacy Statement
We update this Privacy Notice on a regular basis to reflect changes in our website or business processes,	or to comply with any necessary legal changes mandated by the Government.
Last updated February 2024Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
In this Privacy Notice, we, Verisure Services (UK) Ltd. (or Verisure) inform you about the processing of your	personal data when using our website, our app and our products. The protection of personal data is important	to us. We are committed to protecting your data and treating it in accordance with data protection	legislation. Please read our privacy notice carefully. It contains important information about how we	receive and use your personal information.
We will use your personal data only for the purposes and in the manner set forth below. This Privacy Notice also	provides you with information about the steps we take to ensure the processing of your personal data is in compliance with the Data Protection Act	2018, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection	of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data	(known as the General Data Protection Regulation), as it forms part of the law of England, Wales,	Scotland and Northern Ireland by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended	by the Data Protection Act 2018 (“UK GDPR”) and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulation 2003 (as amended by European Directive 2009/136/EC), and any subsequent amendments (collectively referred to as	“Data Protection Legislation”).
If you are a Residential Customer, please find the applicable Privacy Notice
here
.
If you visit a residential premises using Verisure services, please find the applicable Privacy Notice
here
.
If you are a Business Customer, please find the applicable Privacy Notice
here
.
If you visit a business premises using Verisure services, please find the applicable Privacy Notice
here
.
Due to the international nature of its business, Verisure Services (UK) Ltd may, in the ordinary course of	business, transfer personal data to other Verisure entities which are companies that fall within the	Verisure Group as defined in the Intra Group Agreement.
Verisure entities have implemented an Intra-Group Agreement to comply with the legal requirements for	personal data transfers. The agreement ensures that the sharing and transfer of personal data between the	entities are lawful. Additionally, the Intra-Group Agreement will ensure the lawful transfers of personal	data from the EEA to non-EEA countries.
These Verisure entities are affiliates, and they may share personal data during the operation of their	businesses. For example, in order to manage and deliver related services, they may need to collect, access,	process, and/or transfer (collectively, "transfers") personal data about Verisure Services (UK) Ltd.’s	customers.
We are committed to protecting your data and treating it in accordance with data protection legislation.	Please read our privacy notice carefully. It contains important information about how we receive and use	your personal information.
You can print or save this Privacy Notice by using the usual functionality of your browser.
1. Contact
The entity and persons responsible for processing your personal data when visiting this website, the app	and the use of our products within the meaning of the GDPR can be contacted at:
Verisure Services (UK) Ltd
Quorum Business Park
Q12
Benton Lane
Newcastle Upon Tyne
NE12 8BU
United Kingdom
Phone:
0333 200 9000
E-Mail:
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
For any questions relating to data protection, our products and services, the use of our website or app,	you can also contact our Data Protection Officer who can be reached any time at the above postal address	as well as at the above e-mail address.
2. What is Personal Data?
Personal data is information relating to an identified or identifiable person. This mainly includes	information that makes it possible to draw conclusions about your identity, such as your name, telephone	number, address or e-mail address. Please note that statistical data that we collect when you visit our	website cannot be associated with you and is not covered by the definition of personal data.
3. What Personal Data do we Collect?
The personal data we collect about you are personal data you provide us with when you contact us, request	a quote, make enquiries, visit our website, enter into an agreement with us, complete our survey or use	our services. Such personal data may be, for example, contact details, login details, order and payment	details, prior purchases as well as information about how you use our services. In some instances, we	also collect personal data about you from other sources such as our third-party partners, as we further	set out in this Privacy Notice. In order to develop our website and app services, we also use cookies	which may contain personal data. You can read more about how we use cookies in our cookie policy,	available
here.
Additional information you provide in your communications with us.
You may consider it necessary to provide information to Verisure about special requirements to receive	our services, such as health data (i.e. hearing impairment or physical disability), which are relevant	for the efficient management of delivering our alarm monitoring services to you. In such cases, Verisure	may have to process this information about your health (e.g. regarding impairment of hearing that	prevents you from hearing the siren), or other form of disability. In some cases, there may also be	instances where we may have to collect and process this information for other legal requirements,	including under employment law.
Such health data is a special category of personal data. This means we must treat it with extra care	under applicable data protection requirements.
This special category personal data may be provided by you or indirectly during or following your	interactions with us (through e.g., chat, e-mail, text messages, calls to our customer services centre	or in person during a maintenance visit recorded by our staff).
Where we process such special category personal data we will do so, based on the following legal basis	and purposes where:
It is necessary to protect your, or someone else’s, vital interests:
we reasonably believe that you or another person are at risk of harm (if we do not	process the data about you) and the processing is necessary to protect you or them from	harm or to protect physical, mental or emotional well-being;
we reasonably believe it is necessary to protect the economic well-being of you or	another person, where you or that person is less able to protect your own economic	well-being by reason of physical or mental injury, illness or disability;
it is necessary for the prevention or detection of an unlawful act;
we need to carry out our obligations or rights in connection with employment, for example where	we need to protect our staff members from harm.
We may also collect such data where we have your consent to do so.
Where you choose to provide health data voluntarily which it is not clear to us obviously falls into any	of the categories above, we will discuss with you whether we should retain it and, if necessary (and not	for the above purposes) will obtain your consent to future processing of that data.
This paragraph only applies to your special category personal data and should be read in conjunction with	our wider privacy notice which governs the collection and processing of all personal information about	you. If you need more information on the above, or have any queries, please do not hesitate to contact	us.
4. How We Collect your Data - Data Processing on Our Website, App, and Products
Our Website and App
Every time you use our website and app, we collect the access data that your browser or device	automatically	transmits to allow you to visit the website or app. This data is standard technical data (so-called log	files) that are transmitted to our server:
IP address of the requesting device.
Date and time of request.
Address of the website and the requesting website.
Information about the browser used, the operating system and the ISP.
Online identifiers (e.g. device identifiers, session IDs).
Volume.
The data processing of this access data is necessary to enable the visit of the website and the use of	our app, and lastly facilitates the functionality and safety of our systems. For the purposes described	above, access data is also temporarily stored in internal log files to provide statistical information	about the use of our website and app in order to provide our website with the usage habits of our	visitors. (For example, the number of mobile devices used to retrieve the pages) and to maintain our	website and app administratively in general. The legal basis is our
legitimate interest
to enable you to	visit the website, use our app and ensure functionality and safety of our system.
The information stored in the log files does not allow any direct conclusions to be drawn about you – in	particular, we only store the IP addresses in a shortened, anonymised form.
Contact
You have different ways to get in touch with us through our website or app. This includes the contact	form for calculating an offer, contacting our customer support or sales team by email or phone, or the	recall function. The following data is collected: Your first and last name, home address, email address,	telephone number and a general description of your property and lifestyle habits. We obtain this data	either directly from you, for example when you use our website, or from third party aggregators to which	you may provide such information, such as price comparison websites. Please note that we record calls	for quality and training purposes.
To the extent that the information is required to initiate or execute a contract with you, for example,	to provide an accurate individual offer, we will process it solely for this purpose and the legal basis	for this is the entering into and the
performance of our contract
with you. To the extent this	information is necessary to respond to your requests, including to provide you with information about	our services or make an appointment to assess your security requirements and to help the salesperson	make a booking to visit you, the legal basis for this processing is our
legitimate interest
. In	addition, we also collect this data for statistical purposes in order to improve our products and	services, as well as for internal purposes, to provide training for our employees and to carry out	quality checks. These processing activities are based on our
legitimate interest
.
Registration
You can register to use the full functionality of our website, app and products. This includes the	possibility of reviewing and configuring your alarm system, support requests, and the ability to order	other products. We have highlighted the data we require by labelling them as required. These are your	first and last name, mobile number, email address and password. Registration is not possible without	this data. The legal basis for this processing is the
performance of our contract with you
.
Social Media
We operate a page (fan page) on the social network (Facebook), which is available to users outside the	USA and Canada from Facebook Ireland Limited ("Facebook") and for all other users from Facebook USA,	which is offered, in joint responsibility with Facebook, to communicate with followers (such as our	customers and prospective customers) and to inform you about our products and services.
Facebook allows us to obtain statistics on engagements on our page (for example, information about	number, names, interactions such as like and comments, as well as aggregated demographic and other	information or statistics). More information on the nature and scope of these statistics can be found in	the
Facebook page statistics notices
. More information about the respective responsibilities can be	found on the
Facebook page insights addition.
The legal basis for this data processing is based on our	aforementioned
legitimate interest
.
We have no control over data that Facebook processes under its own responsibility in accordance with	Facebook's terms of service. However, we would like to point out that when you visit the fan page, data	from your usage behaviour is transferred from Facebook and the fan page to Facebook. Facebook itself	processes the aforementioned information to create more detailed statistics and for its own market	research and advertising purposes over which we have no control. More information can be found in the
Data policy
from Facebook.
Where we operate a Facebook fan page we receive your personal data, to this end, we set out your rights	in this Privacy Statement. If you want to assert your rights with Facebook, the easiest way to do this	is to contact Facebook directly. Facebook knows both the details of the technical operation of their	platform and the associated data processing as well as the specific purposes of data processing and can	implement appropriate measures upon request if you wish to exercise your rights. We are happy to support	you when asserting your rights, as far as we can and direct your inquiries to Facebook.
Direct marketing communications
We partner with marketing companies for the purpose of identifying and getting in touch with prospective	customers. These companies obtain marketing consent on our behalf through third-party websites which	organise surveys, competitions, or prize draws. If you visit those websites and give your consent to	receive Verisure marketing, your contact details will be passed on to us and we will send you marketing	communications. See section 5(b) “Marketing, including targeted direct marketing” below for more	information.
5. Our Processing of Personal Data
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
a. Administration and Performance of Contracts
We use your personal data to provide, administer and personalise our products and services, to enable	login	to our website and app and to provide customer service to you as our customer. For this purpose, we	process	personal data such as contact details, order and payment details, login details and sensitive personal	data	if you provide that to us. Our legal basis for this purpose is
Performance of a Contract
.
GPS position and Geo-location: We process the GPS position of protected locations in order to fulfil our	contractual obligations, including to dispatch a private security guard as quickly as possible if	necessary.
Depending on your equipment, we can also track the GPS position of your mobile device, only if you	accepted	it when installing the app and only to provide you with the @Home SOS service, allowing us under some	conditions to process an SOS signal launched from your MyVerisure mobile app, and/or send you push	notifications relevant to your location. You can turn off your mobile device's geolocation at any time	from	your device settings (in which case you will not be able to take advantage of all the services offered	by	the app). Geo-location relies on default maps SDKs, such as Google Maps SDK to geo-localise the device.
b. Marketing, Including Targeted Direct Marketing
Subject to your marketing preferences, including your settings on advertising cookies, we process your	personal data for marketing purposes, including profiling for direct marketing. Our marketing activities	include the following:
Email marketing
: Sending marketing communications via email about Verisure,	including offers about	our products and services, newsletters, information about new products and competitions we may	organise from time to time. When we send you marketing emails, we also monitor whether you open	these emails and/or click on URLs in our emails. We obtain your contact details for email	marketing predominantly through our third-party partners: we partner with marketing companies	and third-party websites which organise surveys, competitions or prize draws. If you visit those	websites and give your consent for your contact details to be passed on to Verisure for	marketing purposes, we will add you to our marketing list and send you email marketing. You can	withdraw your consent at any time, by following the unsubscribe link contained in our marketing	emails or by getting in touch with our Contact Centre by writing to marketinguk@verisure.co.uk.
We act as joint controllers with those partners when they obtain consent from our prospective	customers for our marketing activities. In this case, our partners remain responsible for how	they use your information, for obtaining your marketing consent and for providing you with	appropriate information about using your information and sharing this with Verisure Services	(UK) Ltd. You can contact us directly if you would like to exercise your data protection rights	(for example, if you would like to withdraw your consent), but please note that these partners	remain solely responsible for any use of your personal data that does not relate to Verisure,	and you should contact them directly if your request is not relevant to Verisure.
Calls
: Contacting on the phone prospective customers who have been referred to	us by their friends or family. Sometimes, when our customers or prospective customers get in	touch with us, they also share with us the contact details of friends or family members who are	interested in our products and services. In that instance, we would call them to discuss their	security needs and our offerings.
As we explain above, we will also contact you on the phone if you have requested a quote through	our website or through third-party aggregator websites, such as price comparison websites with	which we cooperate, in order to fulfil your request, discuss your security needs and provide you	a quote for our products and services. In that case, we will not use your contact details for	wider marketing purposes.
Marketing personalisation
: Creating marketing profiles about our customers and	prospective customers, in order to understand their preferences in relation to our products and	services, and to deliver personalised advertising.
List-based matching
: social media providers give us the option to find our	existing and prospective customers on their platforms and show them our ads. For example, we	provide Facebook with our customers’ email addresses in an encrypted form (hashed); if a	customer	has a Facebook account with the same email address, Facebook will match this information and	will	show them our ads on its platform. In some cases, we ask these parties to show our ads only if	we	think this will be particularly relevant to a customer, based on information they hold on that	customer such as demographics (e.g. age), activity on the social media platform or other	websites,	location or interests. We will not receive though this information about our customers. There	can	also be cases where we provide social media platforms with your hashed email address, so as to	ensure that they do not show our ads to you. We currently use this matching activity with the	following parties: Meta Platforms, Nextdoor, TikTok and Snapchat.
Lookalike matching
: we also use personal information of our customers to allow	social media platforms to find individuals who have a similar profile to our customers and who	we expect are interested to find out more about our products and services, so as to show our	ads to them. For example, we provide Facebook with hashed email addresses of our customers,	which Facebook would match with these customers’ Facebook profiles. Based on these profiles,	Facebook will look for other Facebook users who have a similar profile to our customer and	would show them our ads. We currently use this matching activity with the following partners:	Meta Platforms, TikTok and Snapchat.
Social media advertising
: We also use personal data when the users of our	website interact with third party social networking features, such as “Like” functions, to serve	them with advertisements and engage with them on third party social networks. You can learn more	about how these features work, the profile data that we obtain about you, and find out how to	opt out, by reviewing the privacy notices of the relevant third- party social networks. For	example, we currently use Facebook and Instagram for these purposes.
For these marketing activities, we use your personal information such as contact details, browsing	habits, interests and visit history, order and demographic information.
We rely on your
consent
when the law requires us to do so; for example, we obtain your consent to use	advertising	cookies and similar technologies and to send you marketing emails. Otherwise, our legal basis for our	marketing	activities is our
legitimate interest
to keep you informed of and promote our products and services and	to manage	our relationship with you as our customer, to the extent this is allowed by law.
You always have the right to opt out of marketing directed to you. To do so, contact us at	marketinguk@verisure.co.uk. You can also unsubscribe from email marketing specifically, by clicking on	the unsubscribe link in the relevant marketing communication.
c. Surveys and Business Development
We use your personal data, such as data derived from statistical compilations, market segmentations and	satisfaction surveys for the purposes of conducting marketing analyses. The results of our analyses are	used for improving, replacing and developing new products and services, processes or working methods	with	the goal of developing our business, and to improve our standards. When we do this, we may process your	personal data to improve our customer service, to offer new solutions or to adapt our website and/or	app.
The categories of personal data we process for business development include contact details, purchasing	patterns,	order and payment data, demographic data, browsing habits and visit history. Our legal basis for this	processing	is
legitimate interest
.
Surveys
When you request a quote on our website, we may use the personal data you submit to contact you to	participate in one of our surveys. We will use the data you provide for statistical purposes and to gain	insight about the delivery of our services when you request a quote or subscribe to our services. The	lawful basis we rely on for processing your data is
legitimate interest
under article 6(1)(f) of the UK	GDPR.
We will only contact you to participate in further survey(s) where we have your consent. You can opt out	from participating in additional surveys when we contact you initially or anytime. The lawful basis we	rely on for processing your personal data is your consent under article 6(1)(a) of the UK GDPR.
d. Defending Our Legal Interests in the Event of a Dispute
In the event of a dispute, such as a payment dispute, we have the right to use your data for the purpose	of establishing, defending, or enforcing the legal claim.
The categories of personal data we process for this include contact details, order and payment details,	login details, demographic data, and sensitive personal data if you provide that to us. Our legal basis	for this processing is
legitimate interest
.
e. Complying with Legal Obligations
We may process your personal data to comply with our legal obligations under applicable law, e.g.,	legislation regarding accounting, audit and tax.
The categories of personal data we process for this include contact details, order and payment data. Our	legal basis is
compliance with a legal obligation
.
6. Data Processing Related to Our App Website
Downloading And Installing the App
In order to download and install our app from an app store (e.g. Google Play Store or Apple App Store),	you must first register with the provider of the app store for a user account and enter a corresponding	usage agreement with the store. We have no influence on this, in particular we are not party to the	contract between you and the store. When downloading and installing the app, the necessary information	is transferred to the respective app store, in particular your username, email address and your	account's customer number, the time of download and the individual device identification number. We have	no control over this data collection and are not responsible for it. We only process the data to the	extent necessary for downloading and installing the app on your mobile device (e.g. smartphone, tablet).	In this case, the legal basis is our
legitimate interest
.
Push News
The app can provide you with information through push messages, even if you are not using the app in the	foreground (e.g. status messages about the alarm system). The notes can be made using sound, messages	(e.g. in the form of screen banners) and/or symbol marks (an image or digit on the app icon). To prevent	this, you can disable the sending of push messages through your device setting at any time.
The legal basis for the aforementioned data processing is for
performance of our contract with you
, as	far as push messages relate to contract processing. Otherwise, the legal basis is our
legitimate	interest
in providing you with product recommendations.
Google Maps
Our website and app use Google Maps service for users from the European Economic Area, Switzerland and	Liechtenstein from Google Ireland Limited ("Google"). In order for the Google map service to be	integrated and displayed in your web browser or app, your web browser or app may connect to a Google	server that may also be located in the United States when you visit the contact page. This provides	Google with information that the corresponding website or app has been accessed from the IP address of	your device. The legal basis is based on our
legitimate interest
. Google and Verisure Services (UK) Ltd	have their respective data protection obligations in an
Agreement
.
If you visit the Google map service on our website or app while you are logged into your Google profile,	Google can also link this event to your Google profile. Otherwise, if you do not want it to be linked to	your Google profile, you need to log out of Google before visiting our contact page. Google stores your	data and uses it for advertising, market research, and personalized representation of Google Maps. You	can object to this data collection to Google.
More information can be found in the
Privacy policy from Google
and the
Additional Terms of Use	for Google Maps
.
Integration of videos
Integration of YouTube videos
We have included videos on our website and app that are stored on YouTube and can be played directly from	our websites. YouTube is a multimedia service of YouTube LLC, ("Google"). The legal basis is based on	our
legitimate interest
in integrating video and image content.
By visiting the corresponding page on which videos are included on our website or app, YouTube and Google	receive the information that you have accessed the corresponding website. This is done regardless of	whether you are logged into YouTube or Google or not. YouTube and Google use this data for advertising,	market research, and on-demand design of their websites. If you visit YouTube on our website or app	while you are logged into your YouTube or Google profile, YouTube and Google can also link this event to	their respective profiles. If you do not want this assignment, you must log out of YouTube or Google	before visiting our website.
You can configure your browser to reject cookies, or you can prevent the collection of data generated by	cookies relating to your use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google, by	clicking the
Google Advertising Settings
to turn off the Personalised Advertising. In this case, Google	will only display non-customised ads.
More information can be found in the
YouTube Privacy notices from Google
.
Integration of Vimeo-Videos
We have included videos on our website and app that are stored on the video platform Vimeo and can be	played directly from our websites. Vimeo is a multimedia service of Vimeo Inc., ("Vimeo"). The legal	basis for integration is based on our
legitimate interest
in integrating video and image content. By	visiting the corresponding page on which videos are included on our website or app, Vimeo receives the	information that you have accessed the corresponding page. This can be done regardless of whether you	are logged in to Vimeo or not. Vimeo may use this data for advertising, market research and on-demand	design of its websites. If you visit videos on our website or app while you are logged into your Vimeo	profile, Vimeo can also link this event to your Vimeo profile. If you do not want this to be linked to	your Vimeo profile, you need to log out of Vimeo before visiting our app.
For more information, see the
Privacy notices	Vimeo
.
Google Fonts
Our website uses Google Fonts, which is available for users from the European Economic Area, Switzerland	and Liechtenstein from Google. When you visit a page, your browser loads the font you need to display	texts correctly and attractively. To do this, your browser must connect to Google's servers. This tells	Google that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Such calls run separately from other	Google services, which require users to authenticate, according to Google. The server to which a	connection is established can be located in the United States. The legal basis for data processing is	based on our legitimate interest in a consistent and appealing presentation of our online presence. For	more information, see the
Common	questions
and the
Privacy	policy from Google
.
7. Data Processing Related to Our Products and Services
Personal data is collected in connection with our products depending on which products and how you use	them. Below are business processes in which we collect and process personal data. This data is either	provided to us directly by you or by third parties or collected by your activities on our website or by	the use of our products.
Orders
In the case of an order process, we collect the following necessary mandatory information for the	processing of the contract:
Title.
First and last name.
Date of birth.
Email address.
Password.
Billing and shipping address.
Payment data (such as payment method, bank details).
As an option, information such as the telephone number is possible, so that we can contact you in this	way if you have any questions. The legal basis for processing is the
performance of our contract
with	you.
Contact after an Alarm or for Routine Service and Maintenance Purposes
In the event of an alarm triggered by you or for routine service and maintenance purposes, we will try to	reach you by phone. For these purposes, we collect the following data:
First and last name.
Address.
Contact number (s).
Email address.
First and last name of emergency contacts.
Call logs and all correspondence.
GPS data.
System user logs including alarm and response events.
All phone calls are recorded and stored in a secure third-party database. The legal basis is both
performance of our contract
with you as well for
compliance with our legal obligations
under the	European Standard for Monitoring and Alarm Receiving Centres (“EN 50518”) according to which the	telephone traffic of an alarm reception point must be recorded.
Emergency Contacts
Emergency contacts will only be contacted if an alarm is triggered and we are unable to reach you.	Emergency contacts can be your partners, family members, neighbours, friends or co-workers. The	following data of the emergency contacts are collected:
First and last name.
Mobile.
Email address.
If you provide us with personal information about these individuals, you must inform us that these	individuals have agreed that their personal information can be used for the purpose of using it as your	emergency contact person. You also state that this is in your and our legitimate interest. We will	process this personal information to the extent permitted under the terms of this Privacy Notice. If	after we have collected the personal data of your emergency contacts and they do not already have the	information that we process their data, we will contact them and provide them with our privacy notice.
If an emergency contact indicates that it does not want to act as an emergency contact, we will remove it	from your emergency contact list. For this purpose, the emergency contact should contact
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.
The legal basis is that storage is necessary to protect your
legitimate interests
in the security of your	property.
Data Processing as Part of the Alarm Records and Security Surveillance
In order to be able to offer our comprehensive alarm service, a wide range of data on our part is	processed as part of an alarm recording:
If an alarm is activated or deactivated, these data points are processed: Time of alarm, method	used to activate or deactivate the alarm, and your username. These records are also available to	you on our website in the My Pages section and in our app.
If your alarm is triggered, we will process images and video recordings of your property	according to the type of device set up in your property. Image capture and video recording take	place without storage. When an alarm is triggered, within a short period of seconds, photos are	shot from the camera and transmitted to our Alarm Response Centre. Only certain employees will	have access to these images. As long as no alarm has been triggered, it is not possible for our	employees to view the video/images of your cameras.
Depending on your product, you can use the system at any time to view and photograph your	property.
In the event of an alarm trigger, we will record your GPS location to determine whether or not	you are at home at the time of the alarm.
The legal basis is
performance of the contract
concluded between you and us.
Data Processing when the Camera System is in Comfort Mode
Depending on your product, you can use the system at any time to view and photograph / record	your property.
Depending on the system and devices installed at your property, you can record videos and images	through movement/ audio triggered recording, livestreaming, continuous recording and	customer-initiated recording.
We process these commands in relation to videos/images on your behalf in order for the devices to	respond to your instruction. We do not have access to these images/ video.
These images are stored in your Amazon Web Services account according to the terms and conditions	of your agreement with them. We do not have access to this account.
These images could also be stored on an SD card inserted into the device. This card is entirely	your property and your responsibility. We do not have access to the images on the SD card.
Alarm Photos and Recordings
Your use of our alarm system (“System”) and our provision of the services may involve the	processing of personal data, in particular where the System captures Image and/ or Audio Data.	Unless an applicable legal exemption applies (which may be the case for limited use of the	System within Comfort Mode (defined below) within a purely personal or household setting), Data	Protection Legislation will regulate the way in which you use the System and the way we provide	the Services.
Comfort Mode
refers to the use of the System by you or anyone authorised by you at any	time other than when the System has a Security Alert and is under the control of Verisure Services (UK)	Ltd.
You are responsible for the decision to install our System at relevant site locations and use the	functionality within the System to view, record and store Image Data captured by the Equipment.
Unless an applicable legal exemption applies, you will be regarded as a controller under Data	Protection Legislation for this processing of Image Data. As a condition for installing the	System and making use of the Services, you must take time to familiarise yourself with	applicable Data Protection Legislation and comply with any legal responsibilities placed on you	as a controller under those legislation in relation to the processing of Image Data. We draw	your attention in particular to the obligations which you may have under applicable Data	Protection Legislation in relation to the careful placement of Equipment to avoid excessive,	unfair or unlawful capture of Image Data, the use of Image Data in a proportionate and fair way	for lawful purposes, the installation of signage and other information to ensure people entering	the site locations where the System is installed are aware that the System is operating and how	Image Data may be used, whilst respecting legal rights available to individuals to secure access	to Image Data which may relate to them.
Our installation team may endeavour to provide further guidance and assistance to you on these	matters as part of the installation process. However, you understand that they are not privacy	advisors, so any guidance provided should not be relied on as constituting legal or other	regulatory advice. If you do not understand your obligations as a controller, we strongly	recommend that you take independent professional legal advice. Further you understand that it is	your decision to place Equipment within the relevant site locations and make use of the System.	Our involvement in the installation process is not intended to and shall not affect your	responsibilities as controller under applicable Data Protection Legislation.
8. Cookies on Our Website
Use of Own Cookies
Some of our services require us to use so-called cookies. A cookie is a small text file stored by the	browser on your device. Cookies are not used to run programs or load viruses onto your computer.	Rather, the main purpose of our own cookies is to provide a specially tailored offer to you and to	make the use of our services as timesaving as possible.
Most browsers are set by default to accept cookies. However, you can adjust your browser settings so	that cookies are rejected or stored only after prior consent. If you reject cookies, not all of our	offers will be available to you.
We use cookies to facilitate navigation on the site, for security reasons and to achieve greater	efficiency and personalization of the services offered to users. We want to make it possible for you	to use our website more comfortably and individually. These services are based on our aforementioned	legitimate interests.
We also use cookies and similar technologies (e.g. web beacons) from partners for analytical and	marketing purposes. This is described in more detail in the following sections. Further information can	also be found at
https://www.verisure.com/cookies-policy
.
Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies for Analysis Purposes
To improve our website, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g. web beacons) to statistically	collect and analyse general usage behaviour using access data. We also use analytical services to	evaluate the use of our various marketing channels.
The legal basis for the data processing described in the following section is our
legitimate interest
in	the needs-based design and continuous optimisation of our website.
Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service of Google. According to Google, the contact	for all data protection matters is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4,	Ireland. Google Analytics uses cookies and similar technologies to analyse and improve our website based	on your user behaviour. The data generated in this context can be transmitted by Google to a server in	the USA for evaluation and stored there. However, your IP address will be shortened before the usage	statistics are evaluated, so that no conclusions can be drawn about your identity. For this purpose,	Google Analytics has been expanded on our website to include the code "anonymizeIP" to ensure anonymised	collection of IP addresses.
Google will process the information obtained through the cookies to evaluate your use of the website, to	compile reports on website activities for website operators, and to provide additional information	relating to website use and internet use Services.
You can configure your browser to reject cookies, as shown above, or you can prevent the collection of	data generated by cookies related to your use of this website (including your IP address) and Google's	processing of that data by using a Google provided
Browser Add-On
. This prevents data collection by	Google Analytics within this website in the future (the opt-out only works in the browser and only for	this domain). If you delete your cookies in this browser, you will need to click this link again.
More information can be found in the
Privacy policy Google
.
Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies for Online Advertising
We also use cookies and similar technologies for advertising purposes. Some of the access data accessed	when using our website is used for interest-based advertising. By analysing and evaluating this access	data, we are able to show you personalised advertising on our website and on the websites of other	providers. This means advertising that suits your real interests and needs.
The legal basis for the data processing described in the following section is based on our
legitimate	interest
in promoting our products and services in personalised form.
In the following section, we would like to explain these technologies and the vendors used for them in	more detail.
Data collected may be, in particular,
The IP address of the device.
The date and time of access.
The identification number of a cookie.
Device recognition of mobile devices.
And technical information about the browser and operating system.
However, the collected data is stored only pseudonymously, so that no direct conclusions can be drawn	about you.
Through corresponding settings on the websites, you can refuse to take part in our analytical and	advertising measures as both sites provide the capability to block many advertisers. Both websites allow	the listed providers to disable all ads at once using opt-out cookies or, alternatively, to make the	settings for each provider. Please note that after deleting all cookies in your browser or later using	another browser and/or profile, an opt-out cookie must be set again.
Custom Audience Matching
As we described above, we use Facebook’s Custom Audience service. This service uses both information that	you provide to us or our marketing partners (for example, your email address) and also information	collected through cookies and similar technologies, such as Facebook’s pixel. With the help of its	pixel, Facebook is able to determine which visitors to our website are also Facebook users, so as to	display our ads to those users on Facebook. This allows us to target our advertising on Facebook and	show our ads to users who have shown an interest in our online offering.
Similar to Facebook’s Custom Audience, we also use equivalent services provided by Instagram, Google,	Microsoft, TikTok and Snapchat and Nextdoor.
Google Ads Conversion Tracking
Our websites use “Google Ads," which is available to users from the European Economic Area, Switzerland	and Liechtenstein from Google Ireland Limited. “AdWords conversion tracking" captures customers’ actions	(such as clicking on an ad, page views, downloads) and analyse them. We make use of "AdWords	Remarketing” to show you individualised advertising messages for our products on partner websites of	Google. Both services used cookies and similar technologies. The data generated in this context can be	transmitted by Google to a server in the USA for evaluation and stored there.
If you use a Google account, Google can link your web and app browsing history to your Google account,	depending on the settings stored in the Google account, and use information from your Google account to	personalise ads. If you do not want this assignment to your Google account, you may need to log out of	Google before using our website.
You can configure your browser to reject cookies, as shown above. In addition, you can turn off the	Personalised Advertising button from Google
Advertising settings
. In this case, Google will only display	general advertising that has not been selected based on the information you collect.
More information can be found in the
Information on data usage
and
Google Privacy policy
.
Google Marketing Platform
DoubleClick uses cookies and similar technologies to present ads that are relevant to you. The use of the	DoubleClick allows Google and its partner websites to serve ads based on previous visits to our or other	websites on the Internet. The data generated in this context can be transmitted by Google to a server in	the USA for evaluation and stored there.
You can prevent cookies from being stored by adjusting your browser accordingly (as described above);	However, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to make full use of all the	functions of the website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookies	relating to your use of the website, as well as Google's processing of that data by clicking
Browser plug-in to	deactivate DoubleClick
. As an alternative to the browser plug-in or within browsers on mobile	devices, you can browse the Google
Advertising settings
to turn off the Personalised Advertising button.	In this case, Google will only display general advertising that has not been selected based on the	information you collect.
More information can be found in the
Google Privacy policy
.
9. Disclosure of Data
As a matter of principle, the data collected by us will only be passed on if we have your express consent	or where it is necessary to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to believe	that you have an overriding interest in the absence of disclosure of your data or are required by law or	permitted by law and in where required for the settlement of contractual relationships with you or for	the implementation of pre-contractual measures, which will be carried out at your request.
However, we may share them with other Verisure entities as part of the delivery of our products and	services. Because our products and services and their execution require the skills and resources of	other	companies, some of the data processing can be done by our service providers below although this is not	an	exhaustive list of providers and may be changed from time to time. Categories of these recipients	include:
Cloud storage providers such as Amazon Cloud Cam for storing alarm records and the personal	information you provide, and for emergency recovery services, as well as for fulfilling	contracts	we enter with you.
Account managers who support us in providing our forms and invoices as well as in contacting you.
Telephone providers (Verint, Genesys, Inconcert) through which we will contact you by phone.
Payment service providers (iZettle; GoCardless) with which we process your installation and	service	payments.
Financial service providers (e.g. debt collection agencies) to which we can assign receivables	from	the contract with you, e.g. in the case of unauthorised delayed payment of products and services	provided.
Credit financing companies, such as Humm, in order to process your payment and provide you with	the	requested credit facilities.
Security companies such as Aura UK Services Limited (Company No. 13130147), 6th Floor Charles House, 108-110 Finchley Road, London, United Kingdom, NW3 5JJ, in which we send a security	guard in case an alarm is raised.
Service providers such as KKC Ltd who process personal data in order to provide requested services.
The police, if it is obvious that a crime is being committed.
Providers of IT services that provide us with IT services that we use to store our customer	relationship management information.
Analysis and search engine providers (see above) to help us improve and optimize the website.
Data centres that store our website and databases.
IT service providers which maintain our systems.
Delivery and courier companies that deliver our products to you.
Consulting firms.
Business partners (such as business introducers, online sales sites) when you have accepted that	they communicate your details to us so that we can offer you our products and/services. We may	share your data to identify that you already benefit from our product and service offers in	order	to prevent these partners from soliciting you again, or so that these partners can, where	applicable, grant you the advantages granted within the framework of the subscription to a	particular commercial offer. For more information on the marketing partners we use in the	context	of our email marketing activities, please see above, section 5 “Our processing of personal	data”,	sub-section “Marketing, including Targeted Direct Marketing”.
Social media networks, such as Meta Platforms, Google, Nextdoor, Microsoft, TikTok, Snapchat to	present our ads to you on other platforms and to allow those parties to show you tailored	advertising. For example, we may share with Meta Platforms the actions that you take on our	website	such as your visits to our website, your interactions on our website, use of Facebook Connect	and	information collected from cookies or similar technologies including the Facebook pixel. This	allows us to measure the effectiveness of our advertising, improve our marketing practices, and	helps us deliver more relevant advertising to you (including on social media such as Facebook):	for	this activity, we are a Joint Controller with Meta Platforms Inc. This means that we have to	provide you with this notice, but you should contact Meta Platforms Inc if you wish to exercise	your data protection rights. Further information, including how Meta Platforms Inc enable you to	exercise your data protection rights, and subsequently processes your information as independent	data controller can be found in
Meta’s Data Policy
.
Credit Reference Agency- We use Equifax to conduct an affordability check. As part of the	affordability check we may provide your name and address to Equifax who provide us with the	credit	check results. To proceed with the affordability check, we rely on your consent. These are	‘soft’	credit checks (i.e. the search will appear on your credit file but it will not impact your	credit	score). Equifax will disclose information in relation to your financial standing based on	publicly	available data such as county court judgements and credit search history. During the credit	score	check, Verisure and Equifax act as independent data controllers. Copy of the Credit Reference	Agency Information Notice (CRAIN) is available at
www.equifax.co.uk/crain
In the event of a company purchase or sale to a third party, your information will be forwarded	to	the potential buyer or the new owner.
If we disclose data to service providers, they may only use the data to perform their tasks. The service	providers were carefully selected and commissioned by us. They are contractually bound by our	instructions, have appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to protect the rights of	the persons concerned and are regularly monitored by us.
In addition, disclosure may take place in connection with government inquiries, court orders, legal	proceedings or if it is necessary to disclose your data to law enforcement authorities for preventing or	detecting unlawful acts also known as Criminal Offence Data under sections 10,11 (2) and in compliance	with Schedule 1 (paragraphs 10 or 36) of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Articles 6 and 10 of UK GDPR.	If we share data in this regard, our legal basis is
compliance with legal obligation
.
10. Where Data is Processed
As a matter of principle, we store your information within the UK, the EU or within the European Economic	Area (EEA). Or in countries that have an appropriate level of data protection.
If we share your information with companies outside (i) of the EEA or (ii) the UK or (iii) countries with	an appropriate level of data protection, we contractually require these companies to treat your	information on a similar basis to ours. In these cases, we ensure that the data submitted is protected.
For more details, please send any requests to:
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
Q12 Quorum Business Park, Benton Lane, Newcastle Upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear, NE12 8BU
11. How Long is Data Stored?
As a matter of principle, we only retain personal data for as long as this is necessary to comply with	contractual or legal obligations to which we have collected the data. After that, we delete the data	immediately, unless we still need the data until the expiry of statutory limitation periods, for	evidence	of civil claims or due to legal retention obligations.
We may also have to store your data for some accounting reasons. We are obliged to do so because of legal	documentation obligations, which may arise from the Commercial Code, the Tax Code, the Credit	Information	Act, the Money Laundering Act and the Securities Trading Act.
12. Your Rights
You have the right to request:
Your right
What does it mean?
How do I execute this right?
Conditions to exercise?
Right of access
Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to have access to your personal data	which we	hold (this is more commonly known as submitting a “data subject access request”).
Requests for such information should be made in writing to
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.	If possible, you should specify the type of information you would like to see to	ensure that our disclosure is meeting your expectations.
We must be able to verify your identity. Your request may not affect the rights and	freedoms of others, e.g. privacy and confidentiality rights of other customers or	third parties for example neighbours. Data solely retained for data backup purposes	is principally excluded.
Right of data portability
Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to receive the data which you have	provided to us and which is processed by us by automated means, in a commonly-used	machine readable format.
Requests should be made in writing to
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.	If possible, you should specify the type of information you would like to receive to	ensure that our disclosure is meeting your expectations.
The UK GDPR does not establish a general right to data portability. This right only	applies if the processing is based on your consent or on our contract with you and	when the processing is carried out by automated means (e.g. not for paper records).	It affects only personal data that was “provided” by you. Hence, it does, as a rule,	not apply to personal data that was created by Verisure Services (UK) Ltd.
Rights in relation to inaccurate personal or incomplete data
You may challenge the accuracy or completeness of personal data which we process	about you. If it is found that personal data is inaccurate, you are entitled to have	the inaccurate data removed, corrected or completed, as appropriate.
We encourage you to notify us of any changes regarding your personal data as soon as	they occur, including changes to your contact details, telephone number, immigration	status and so on. Please always check first whether self-help tools are available.	If no such tools are available, requests should be made in writing to
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.
This right only applies to your own personal data. When exercising this right, please	be as specific as possible.
Right to object to or restrict our data processing
Subject to certain conditions, you have the right to object to or ask us to restrict	the processing of your personal data.
Requests should be made in writing to
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.
This right applies only if the processing of your personal data is explicitly based	on our so-called “legitimate interests” (see “basis of processing” above).	Objections must be based on grounds relating to your particular situation. They must	not be generic so that we can demonstrate that there are still lawful grounds for us	to process your personal data.
Right to have personal data erased
Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled, on certain grounds, to have your	personal data erased (also known as the “right to be forgotten”), e.g., where you	think that the information we are processing is inaccurate, or the processing is	unlawful.
Requests should be made in writing to
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.
There are various lawful reasons why we may not be in a position to erase your	personal data. This may apply (i) where we have to comply with a legal obligation,	(ii) in case of exercising or defending legal claims, or (iii) where retention	periods apply by law or our statutes.
Right to withdrawal
You have the right to withdraw your consent to any processing for which you have	previously given that consent.
Requests should be made in writing to
dataprotection@verisure.co.uk
.
If you withdraw your consent, this will only take effect for the future.
Finally, you have the right to complain to the data protection regulator responsible for us. You may	assert this right with a supervisory authority in the Member State of your residence. In the UK, the	Information Commissioner’s Office competent supervisory authority is:
Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Tel: 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545 745 if you prefer to use a national rate number.
Fax: 01625 524 510
13. Security
We maintain up-to-date technical measures to ensure data security, in particular to protect your personal	data from data transfer risks and from the acquisition of knowledge by third parties. These are adjusted	according to the current state of the art. To secure the personal information you provide on our	website, we use the Transport Layer Security (TLS), which encrypts the information you enter.
Changes to the Privacy Statement
We update this Privacy Notice on a regular basis to reflect changes in our website or business processes,	or to comply with any necessary legal changes mandated by the Government.
Last updated February 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://vimeo.com/privacy:
Solutions
Video marketing
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Event marketing
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Employee communication
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Video monetization
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Create
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Manage
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Grow
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
DEMO VIDEOS
Get to know everything Vimeo can do for your business.
Watch now
Resources
Learn
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Connect
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Best of the Year
Browse Videos
Staff Picks
Categories
Channels
On Demand
Pricing
Contact Sales
Log in
Join
Help
Pricing
Log in
Join
Settings
Language
Mature content filter
Watch
More
Vimeo OTT
On Demand
Stock
Vimeo Experts
For Hire
Referrals
Legal
Terms
Privacy
U.S. State Privacy
Copyright
Cookies
Log in
Join
Login
Solutions
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
Resources
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Pricing
Contact Sales
Search
Search
Upload
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Cookies
Desktop site
Language
English
Español
Deutsch
Français
日本語
Português
한국어
FAQ
Help
TM + © 2025 Vimeo.com, Inc.