Booking
E-shop
Access
Privacy policy
Within the framework of its activities, and in accordance with the legislation enforced in France and the European Union, Le Voyage à Nantes is committed to ensuring the protection, confidentiality, and security of your personal data, as well as to respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy will inform you, the Reader, about how Le Voyage à Nantes handles your data when you use the La Galerie des Machines application (hereafter referred to as “the Application”).
By using the Application, you agree to the terms laid out by this Privacy Policy.
1. Who is responsible for processing your personal data?
Your data is collected and processed by:
The Société Publique Locale (a “local public company”, hereafter referred to as “SPL”)
Le Voyage à Nantes
;
With its head office located at 1-3 rue Crucy 44000 Nantes – France;
registered with the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés de Nantes using the SIREN number: 482 414 216 00044;
Represented by Mr. Jean BLAISE, the General Director.
A
Committee for the Protection of Personal Data
has been appointed by SPL Le Voyage à Nantes. You can contact it via the following address: rgpd@lvan.fr
2. Why do we collect personal data?
The SPL Le Voyage à Nantes is in charge of promoting the cultural policy established by the city of Nantes and, more generally, the destination of Nantes Métropole. It notably manages the site of Les Machines de l’Ile.
In this context, Le Voyage à Nantes may collect your data to ensure you are indeed on the physical site of Les Machines de l’Ile and thus enable you to use the Application during your visit to La Galerie des Machines.
The Application is only accessible when you are in the vicinity of the site of Les Machines de l’Île. Outside this space, you will be unable to use it.
3. What exactly does Le Voyage à Nantes collect?
To enable you to use the Application, Le Voyage à Nantes only collects your geolocation data.
4. What is the legal basis for processing your data? How long do we keep it for?
Le Voyage à Nantes processes your geolocation data on the basis of your specifically, previously provided consent.
Your geolocation data is not kept or transmitted to any external resource. It is only required to verify your presence in the vicinity and in Les Galerie des Machines.
5. Who will receive your data?
Your personal data collected is not stored or transmitted to any third party resource.
6. Is your data processed outside the EU?
The personal data collected is not transmitted to a third party resource and is therefore not transferred outside the European Union.
7. How secure is your data?
Le Voyage à Nantes ensures that your data is treated with total security and confidentiality, including when certain operations are carried out by subcontractors. To this end, appropriate technical and organizational measures are put in place to prevent any misuse of your data.
8. What are your rights and how can you exercise them?
You have the right to access, rectify and delete your data. You may also object to the processing of, request the restriction of the processing of, or request the portability of your data. You also have the possibility to withdraw your consent at any time.
In accordance with the laws and regulations in force regarding the protection of personal data, you can exercise your rights by sending a request, accompanied by a copy of your identity card, to the following email address: mesdonnees@lvan.fr or to the following postal address: Le Voyage à Nantes, 1-3 rue Crucy, BP 92211, 44022 Nantes Cedex 1.
A response will be sent to you within one month of receiving your request – except in the case of a complex request, in which case the response will be sent within a maximum of two months of receiving your request.
A Committee for the Protection of Personal Data has been appointed by SPL Le Voyage à Nantes. You can contact it via the following address: rgpd@lvan.fr.
If your exchanges with Le Voyage à Nantes have not been satisfactory, you can file a complaint with the Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL), France’s authority in matters of reinforcing legal obligations regarding personal data (
www.cnil.fr/fr/plaintes/
).
9. Modification of the Data Protection Policy
The present Privacy Policy is subject to change, particularly in the event of greater legislative changes. We invite you to consult this Policy regularly in order to be aware of the terms and conditions contained herein.
Last update date: June 23, 2021.