Joy Vendor Privacy Policy
Effective date: Jan 1,2022
At Joy Vendor, we take your privacy seriously. Please read this Privacy Policy to learn how we treat your personal information. By using or accessing the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined below, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Remember that your use of Joy Vendor's Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather when you access or use our Services. “Personal Data” means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as “personally identifiable information” or “personal information” under applicable data privacy laws, rules, or regulations. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we don’t own or control or people we don’t manage.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
The following chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect and have collected over the past twelve (12) months. For each category of Personal Data, the chart also sets out:
·       the categories of source(s) of that Personal Data (Column 3),
·       the categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Data for a business purpose (Column 4).
You can find additional information about columns 3 and 4 in sections following the chart.
1. Category of Personal Data
2. Personal Data Collected
3. What is the source of this Personal Data?
4. Categories of third parties with whom we share this Personal Data for a Business Purpose
A.
Personal identifiers
device identifiers,
Internet Protocol address, Facebook username (if you login through your Facebook account)
You
-Service Providers
-Affiliates
-Acquirors
-Selected Recipients
D.
Commercial information
in-app purchases,
products or services purchased,
purchasing or consuming histories and tendencies
You
-Service Providers
-Affiliates
-Acquirors
-Selected Recipients
F.
Internet or other similar network activity information
information on your interaction with our gaming application
You /
Affiliates /
Third Parties
-Service Providers
-Affiliates
-Acquirors
-Selected Recipients
K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information
In-game behaviors
You
-Service Providers
-Affiliates
-Acquirors
-Selected Recipients
Sources of Personal Data (Column 3)
We collect Personal Data about you from the following categories of sources:
·       “You”
o   When you provide such information directly to us.
o   When Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of our Services (see the subsection titled “Information Collected Automatically” below).
·       “Affiliates”
o   Our subsidiaries and affiliates when they provide us with Personal Data about you.
·       “Third Parties”
o   Third parties that provide us with Personal Data about you. Third Parties that share your Personal Data with us include:
§  Service providers. For example, we may use analytics service providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Services, or third parties may help us provide you with customer support.
§  Social networks connected to the services. If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Services through a third-party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your Account with us.
§  Advertising partners. We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services related to how you interact with our websites, applications, products, services, advertisements or communications.
Information Collected Automatically
The Services use ad identifiers, which are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple's ID for advertising (the ‘IDFA’) uniquely associated with your device. Similar technologies include tracking pixels within ads. These technologies allow us and our advertising partners (including marketers and advertisers) to recognize your device when you use the Services. Our advertising partners (e.g. Facebook and Google) may also transmit cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, and JavaScript (collectively, “Cookies”) to your device, when you click on ads that appear on the Services. IDFAs and Cookies enable our servers to recognize your device and tell us how and when you access and use our Services, to analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and improve our Services. Cookies are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone, or similar device when you use that device to visit our Services. We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties, including third parties that have placed their own Cookies on your device(s). Please note that this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of Cookies by any third parties, and we aren’t responsible for their privacy policies and practices.  Please be aware that Cookies placed by third parties may continue to track your activities online even after you have left our Services, and those third parties may not honor “Do Not Track” requests you have set using your browser or device.
Information about Interest-Based Advertisements:
We may serve advertisements, and also allow third-party ad networks, including third-party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms, to serve advertisements through the Services. These advertisements may be targeted to users who fit certain general profile categories or display certain preferences or behaviors (“Interest-Based Ads”). Information for Internet-Based Ads (including Personal Data) may be provided to us by you, or derived from the usage patterns of particular users on the Services and/or services of third parties. Such information may be gathered through tracking users’ activities across time and unaffiliated properties, including when you leave the Services. To accomplish this, we or our service providers may deliver Cookies, including a file (known as a “web beacon”) from an ad network to you through the Services. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Web beacons allow ad networks to view, edit or set their own Cookies on your browser, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.
We comply with the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Through the DAA and Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about Interest-Based Ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations, please visit the DAA’s or NAI’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or www.aboutads.info/choices.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We process Personal Data to operate, improve, understand and personalize our Services. We use Personal Data for the following purposes:
·       To meet or fulfill the reason you provided the information to us.
·       To communicate with you about the Services, including Service announcements, updates or offers.
·       To provide support and assistance for the Services.
·       To create and manage your Account or other user profiles.
·       To personalize website content and communications based on your preferences, including targeted offers and ads served through the Services.
·       To process orders or other transactions.
·       To respond to user inquiries and fulfill user requests.
·       To improve and develop the Services, including testing, research, analysis and product development.
·       To protect against or deter fraudulent, illegal or harmful actions and maintain the safety, security and integrity of our Services.
·       To comply with our legal or contractual obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our Terms of Use.
·       To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
·       For any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Services. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Services. If you do not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference by emailing us at privacy@joyvendor.cn.
How We Share Your Personal Data
Column 4: Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Share Personal Data
We disclose your Personal Data to the following categories of service providers and other parties:
·         “Service providers”, which help us provide our Services, including:
o    Payment processors, such as Apple (for in-app purchases made in our iOS apps) and Google (for in-app purchases made in our Android apps).
o    Ad networks, such as
§  Facebook
§  Google Admob
§  Unity
§  Ironsource
§  Applovin
§  Vungle
§  Adcolony
o    Security and fraud prevention consultants.
o    Hosting and other technology and communications providers.
o    Analytics providers, such as Appsflyer.
·         “Affiliates”.
·         “Acquirors”, who acquire your Personal Data through an acquisition or other change of control.
o    Personal Data may be transferred to a third party if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part).
·         “Selected Recipients”, which are third parties that we share your Personal Data with at your direction, including:
o    Other users (where you interact with other users through the Services or direct us to effect any interaction or communication with other users as initiated or authorized by you through the Services).
o    Social media services (if you intentionally interact with them through your use of the Services).
o    Third-party business partners who you access through the Services.
o    Other parties authorized by you.
Disclosures of Personal Data for a Business Purpose
We disclose your Personal Data to service providers and other parties as explained in the chart above for the following business purposes:
·       Auditing related to a current interaction and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
·       Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
·       Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
·       Short-term, transient use of Personal Data that is not used by another party to build a consumer profile or otherwise alter your consumer experience outside the current interaction.
·       Performing services on our behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
·       Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Users Data Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected about you. Under the CCPA, this right is subject to certain exceptions: for example, we may need to retain your Personal Data to provide you with the Services or complete a transaction or other action you have requested. If your deletion request is subject to one of these exceptions, we may deny your deletion request.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, you must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify your identify and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 45 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request using the following methods:
·       Call us at:    00852-3076 6658
·       Emailing us at: privacy@joyvendor.cn
Data Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. For example, the Services use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of Personal Data you provide to us. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you with our Services. In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. We may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.
Personal Data of Children
As noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about children under 16 years of age; if you are a child under the age of 16, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child under 16 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 years of age may have provided Personal Data to us, please contact us at privacy@joyvendor.cn.
California Resident Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the rights outlined in this section. Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section below for instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy and you are a California resident, the portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following rights apply to you, please contact us at privacy@joyvendor.cn.
Access
You have the right to request certain information about our collection and use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months. In response, we will provide you with the following information:
·       The categories of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
·       The categories of sources from which that Personal Data was collected.
·       The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Data.
·       The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Data.
·       The specific pieces of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
If we have disclosed your Personal Data to any third parties for a business purpose over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data shared with each category of third party recipient.
If we have sold your Personal Data over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data sold to each category of third party recipient.
Personal Data Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In
In this section, we use the term ‘sell’ as it is defined in the CCPA. We sell your Personal Data, subject to your right to opt-out of these sales.
We sell your Personal Data to the following categories of third parties:
·       Advertisers
Over the past twelve months, we have sold the following categories of your Personal Data to third parties:
·       A. Personal identifiers.
·       D. Commercial information.
·       F. Internet or other similar network activity information.
·       G. Geolocation data.
·       K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Data.  You can opt-out by clicking the  Do Not Sell My Information page.
Once you have submitted an opt-out request, we will not ask you to reauthorize the sale of your Personal Data for at least 12 months.
We do not sell the Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization. If you are between 13 and 16 years of age, you must authorize us to sell your Personal Data. If you are under 13 years of age, your parent or guardian must authorize us to sell your Personal Data.
We Will Not Discriminate Against You for Exercising Your Rights Under the CCPA
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. However, we may offer different tiers of our Services as allowed by applicable data privacy laws (including the CCPA) with varying prices, rates, or levels of quality of the goods or services you receive related to the value of Personal Data that we receive from you.
Other State Law Privacy Rights
California Resident Rights
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to contact us to prevent disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes; in order to submit such a request, please contact us at privacy@joyvendor.cn.
Nevada Resident Rights
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Data to third parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Data. You can exercise this right by contacting us at privacy@joyvendor.cn with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice within the games (apps) by sending you a notification, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice from us , those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data, your choices and rights regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
·      00852-3076 6658
·       privacy@joyvendor.cn
·       Room 1508, 15/F., Office Tower Two, Grand Plaza, 625 Nathan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong
·       http://www.joyvendor.net/
Terms of Use
Effective date: Jan 1,2022
Welcome to Joy Vendor. Please read on to learn the rules and restrictions that govern your use of our website(s), products, services and applications, including but not limited to the following mobile gaming applications: Word Craze, Word Hike. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding these terms or the Services, please contact us at:
Email: privacy@joyvendor.cn
Phone: 00852-3076 6658
Address: Room 1508, 15/F., Office Tower Two, Grand Plaza, 625 Nathan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong
These Terms of Use (the “Terms”) are a binding contract between you and Joy Vendor Limited (“Joy Vendor”, “we” and “us”). Your use of the Services in any way means that you agree to all of these Terms, and these Terms will remain in effect while you use the Services. These Terms include the provisions in this document as well as those in the Privacy Policy. Your use of or participation in certain Services may also be subject to additional policies, rules and/or conditions (“Additional Terms”), which are incorporated herein by reference, and you understand and agree that by using or participating in any such Services, you agree to also comply with these Additional Terms.
Please read these Terms carefully. They cover important information about Services provided to you and any charges, taxes, and fees we bill you. These Terms include information about future changes to these Terms, limitations of liability, a class action waiver and resolution of disputes by arbitration instead of in court. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR USE OF AND ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES ARE SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE FOLLOWING, YOU MAY NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER.
ARBITRATION NOTICE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER: EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SECTION BELOW, YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.
Will these Terms ever change?
We are constantly trying to improve our Services, so these Terms may need to change along with our Services. We reserve the right to change the Terms at any time, but if we do, we will place a notice on our site located at www.Joy Vendor.com, send you an email, and/or notify you by some other means.
If you don’t agree with the new Terms, you are free to reject them; unfortunately, that means you will no longer be able to use the Services. If you use the Services in any way after a change to the Terms is effective, that means you agree to all of the changes.
Except for changes by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by both you and us.
What about my privacy?
Joy Vendor takes the privacy of its users very seriously. For the current Joy Vendor Privacy Policy, please click here.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under thirteen (13). We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under sixteen (16). If you are a child under sixteen (16), please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send any personal information. If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under sixteen (16), we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under sixteen (16) may have provided us with personal information, please contact us at privacy@joyvendor.cn.
What are the basics of using Joy Vendor?
You may be required to sign up for an account, select a password and user name (“Joy Vendor User ID”), and provide us with certain information or data, such as your contact information. You promise to provide us with accurate, complete, and updated registration information about yourself. You may not select as your Joy Vendor User ID a name that you do not have the right to use, or another person’s name with the intent to impersonate that person. You may not transfer your account to anyone else without our prior written permission.
Additionally, you may be able to access certain parts or features of the Services by using your account credentials from other services (each, a “Third Party Account”), such as those offered by Facebook. By using the Services through a Third Party Account, you permit us to access certain information from such account for use by the Services. For example, if you log in with a Third Party Account, you may invite friends and/or contacts from your Third Party Account(s) to join the Services. You are ultimately in control of how much information is accessible to us and may exercise such control by adjusting your privacy settings on your Third Party Account.
You represent and warrant that you are an individual of legal age to form a binding contract (or if not, you’ve received your parent’s or guardian’s permission to use the Services and have gotten your parent or guardian to agree to these Terms on your behalf).
You will only use the Services for your own internal, personal, non-commercial use, and not on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party, and only in a manner that complies with all laws that apply to you. If your use of the Services is prohibited by applicable laws, then you aren’t authorized to use the Services. We can’t and won’t be responsible for your using the Services in a way that breaks the law.
You will not share your Joy Vendor User ID, account or password with anyone, and you must protect the security of your Joy Vendor User ID, account, password and any other access tools or credentials. You’re responsible for any activity associated with your Joy Vendor User ID and account.
Are there restrictions in how I can use the Services?
You represent, warrant, and agree that you will not contribute any Content or User Submission (each of those terms is defined below) or otherwise use the Services or interact with the Services in a manner that:
(a)    infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or any other rights of anyone else (including Joy Vendor);
(b)   violates any law or regulation, including, without limitation, any applicable export control laws, privacy laws or any other purpose not reasonably intended by Joy Vendor;
(c)    is dangerous, harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionable;
(d)   jeopardizes the security of your Joy Vendor User ID, account or anyone else’s (such as allowing someone else to log in to the Services as you);
(e)    attempts, in any manner, to obtain the password, account, or other security information from any other user;
(f)     violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any passwords or security encryption codes;
(g)    runs Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder or “spam” on the Services, or any processes that run or are activated while you are not logged into the Services, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Services (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Services’ infrastructure);
(h)   “crawls,” “scrapes,” or “spiders” any page, data, or portion of or relating to the Services or Content (through use of manual or automated means);
(i)     copies or stores any significant portion of the Content; or
(j)     decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code or underlying ideas or information of or relating to the Services.
A violation of any of the foregoing is grounds for termination of your right to use or access the Services.
What are my rights in the Services?
The materials displayed or performed or available on or through the Services, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, data, articles, photos, images, illustrations and so forth (all of the foregoing, the “Content”) are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws. You promise to abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content you access through the Services, and you won’t use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell, commercialize or otherwise exploit for any purpose any Content not owned by you, (i) without the prior consent of the owner of that Content or (ii) in a way that violates someone else’s (including Joy Vendor's) rights.
Subject to these Terms, we grant each user of the Services a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use (i.e., to download and display locally) Content solely for purposes of using the Services. Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content for any purpose other than using the Services is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from us. You understand that Joy Vendor owns the Services. You won’t modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this Section), create derivative works based on, or otherwise exploit any of the Services. The Services may allow you to copy or download certain Content, but please remember that even where these functionalities exist, all the restrictions in this section still apply.
Who is responsible for what I see and do on the Services?
Any information or Content publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated, and you access all such information and Content at your own risk, and we aren’t liable for any errors or omissions in that information or Content or for any damages or loss you might suffer in connection with it. We cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the Content or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content, and you hereby release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. We can’t guarantee the identity of any users with whom you interact in using the Services and are not responsible for which users gain access to the Services.
You are responsible for all Content you contribute, in any manner, to the Services, and you represent and warrant you have all rights necessary to do so, in the manner in which you contribute it.
The Services may contain links or connections to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by Joy Vendor. When you access third-party websites or use third-party services, you accept that there are risks in doing so, and that Joy Vendor is not responsible for such risks.
Joy Vendor has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any third-party websites or by any third party that you interact with through the Services. In addition, Joy Vendor will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any third-party site or service. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third-party website or service that you visit or utilize. By using the Services, you release and hold us harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website or service.
Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties. You agree that Joy Vendor shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings.
If there is a dispute between participants on this site or Services, or between users and any third party, you agree that Joy Vendor is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you release Joy Vendor, its directors, officers, employees, agents, and successors from claims, demands, and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our Services. You shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542 or any similar law of any jurisdiction, which says in substance: “A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.”
Will Joy Vendor ever change the Services?
We’re always trying to improve our Services, so they may change over time. We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Services, or we may introduce new features or impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Services. We’ll try to give you notice when we make a material change to the Services that would adversely affect you, but this isn’t always practical. We reserve the right to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if someone alleges you contributed that Content in violation of these Terms), in our sole discretion, and without notice.
Do the Services cost anything?
The Services may be free or we may charge a fee for using some or all of the Services. If you are using a free version of the Services, we will notify you before any Services you are then using begin carrying a fee, and if you wish to continue using such Services, you must pay all applicable fees for such Services.
Certain of our Services, including In-App Purchases, may be subject to payments now or in the future (the “Paid Services”). For example, some Paid Services will charge a fee for downloading or installing some or all of the Services through the App Store (as defined below) linked to your specific device. You agree to comply with, and your license to use our mobile application is conditioned upon your compliance with, such App Store terms and conditions. Any refunds relating to the applications, including In-App Purchases, or inquiries regarding such refunds shall be handled solely by the applicable App Store in accordance with such App Store’s terms and conditions.
What if I want to stop using the Services?
You’re free to do that at any time by contacting us at privacy@joyvendor.cn; please refer to our Privacy Policy, as well as the licenses above, to understand how we treat information you provide to us after you have stopped using our Services.
Joy Vendor is also free to terminate (or suspend access to) your use of the Services or your account for any reason in our discretion, including your breach of these Terms. Joy Vendor has the sole right to decide whether you are in violation of any of the restrictions set forth in these Terms.
Account termination may result in destruction of any Content associated with your account, so keep that in mind before you decide to terminate your account.
If you have deleted your account by mistake, contact us immediately at privacy@joyvendor.cn – we will try to help, but unfortunately, we can’t promise that we can recover or restore anything.
Provisions that, by their nature, should survive termination of these Terms shall survive termination. By way of example, all of the following will survive termination: any obligation you have to pay us or indemnify us, any limitations on our liability, any terms regarding ownership or intellectual property rights, and terms regarding disputes between us, including without limitation the arbitration agreement.
What about Mobile Applications and In-App Purchases?
You acknowledge and agree that the availability of our mobile application is dependent on the third party stores from which you download the application, e.g., the App Store from Apple or the Android app market from Google (each an “App Store”). Each App Store may have its own terms and conditions to which you must agree before downloading mobile applications from such store, including the specific terms relating to Apple App Store set forth below. You agree to comply with, and your license to use our application is conditioned upon your compliance with, such App Store terms and conditions. To the extent such other terms and conditions from such App Store are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in these Terms of Use apply.
Through our mobile applications, you may purchase (“In-App Purchase”) certain goods or features designed to enhance the performance of the Services. When you make an In-App Purchase, you are doing so through either the Apple iTunes service or the Google Play service and you are agreeing to their respective Terms and Conditions, available at http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/us/terms.html and http://play.google.com/intl/en_us/about/play-terms.html). Joy Vendor is not a party to any In-App Purchase.
I use Gaming Apps offered by Joy Vendor via the Apple App Store – should I know anything about that?
These Terms apply to your use of all the Services, including our iOS applications (the “Application”) available via the Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) App Store, but the following additional terms also apply to the Application:
(a)                   Both you and Joy Vendor acknowledge that the Terms are concluded between you and Joy Vendor only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Application or the Content;
(b)                   The Application is licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable basis, solely to be used in connection with the Services for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to all the terms and conditions of these Terms as they are applicable to the Services;
(c)                   You will only use the Application in connection with an Apple device that you own or control;
(d)                   You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Application;
(e)                    In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure; upon notification, Apple’s sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Application;
(f)                    You acknowledge and agree that Joy Vendor, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the Application;
(g)                   You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Joy Vendor, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such infringement claim;
(h)                    You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and that you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
(i)                    Both you and Joy Vendor acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Application, you will comply with any applicable third-party terms of agreement which may affect or be affected by such use; and
(j)                    Both you and Joy Vendor acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the third-party beneficiary hereof.
What else do I need to know?
Warranty Disclaimer. Joy Vendor and its licensors, suppliers, partners, parent, subsidiaries or affiliated entities, and each of their respective officers, directors, members, employees, consultants, contract employees, representatives and agents, and each of their respective successors and assigns (Joy Vendor and all such parties together, the “Joy Vendor Parties”) make no representations or warranties concerning the Services, including without limitation regarding any Content contained in or accessed through the Services, and the Joy Vendor Parties will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services or any claims, actions, suits procedures, costs, expenses, damages or liabilities arising out of use of, or in any way related to your participation in, the Services. The Joy Vendor Parties make no representations or warranties regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products offered or purchased through or in connection with the Services. THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED BY JOY VENDOR (AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS) ON AN “AS-IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE) SHALL ANY OF THE JOY VENDOR PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, (B) ANY SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES OR TECHNOLOGY, (C) ANY AMOUNT, IN THE AGGREGATE, IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF (I) ONE-HUNDRED ($100) DOLLARS OR (II) THE AMOUNTS PAID AND/OR PAYABLE BY YOU TO JOY VENDOR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THIS APPLICABLE CLAIM OR (D) ANY MATTER BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Indemnity. You agree to indemnify and hold the Joy Vendor Parties harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising from or in any way related to any claims relating to (a) your use of the Services (including any actions taken by a third party using your account), and (b) your violation of these Terms. In the event of such a claim, suit, or action (“Claim”), we will attempt to provide notice of the Claim to the contact information we have for your account (provided that failure to deliver such notice shall not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligations hereunder).
Assignment. You may not assign, delegate or transfer these Terms or your rights or obligations hereunder, or your Services account, in any way (by operation of law or otherwise) without Joy Vendor's prior written consent. We may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and our rights and obligations without consent.
Choice of Law. These Terms are governed by and will be construed under the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.
Arbitration Agreement. Please read the following ARBITRATION AGREEMENT carefully because it requires you to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with Joy Vendor and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from Joy Vendor. Both you and Joy Vendor acknowledge and agree that for the purposes of any dispute arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these Terms, Joy Vendor's officers, directors, employees and independent contractors (“Personnel”) are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms, Personnel will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the third-party beneficiary hereof.
(a) Arbitration Rules; Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. The parties shall use their best efforts to settle any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these Terms directly through good-faith negotiations, which shall be a precondition to either party initiating arbitration. If such negotiations do not resolve the dispute, it shall be finally settled by binding arbitration in San Francisco County, California. The arbitration will proceed in the English language, in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the “Rules”) then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes. The arbitrator shall be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with such Rules. Judgment upon the award rendered by such arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
(b) Costs of Arbitration. The Rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. Joy Vendor will pay all arbitration fees for claims less than seventy-five thousand ($75,000) dollars. Joy Vendor will not seek its attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous.
(c) Small Claims Court; Infringement. Either you or Joy Vendor may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in San Francisco County, California or any United States county where you live or work. Furthermore, notwithstanding the foregoing obligation to arbitrate disputes, each party shall have the right to pursue injunctive or other equitable relief at any time, from any court of competent jurisdiction, to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party's copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights.
(d) Waiver of Jury Trial. YOU AND JOY VENDOR WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR JURY. You and Joy Vendor are instead choosing to have claims and disputes resolved by arbitration. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient, and less costly than rules applicable in court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In any litigation between you and Joy Vendor over whether to vacate or enforce an arbitration award, YOU AND JOY VENDOR WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, and elect instead to have the dispute be resolved by a judge.
(e) Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions. ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS. CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. If however, this waiver of class or consolidated actions is deemed invalid or unenforceable, neither you nor Joy Vendor is entitled to arbitration; instead all claims and disputes will be resolved in a court as set forth in (g) below.
(f) Opt-out. You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Section by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the following address: Room 1508, 15/F., Office Tower Two, Grand Plaza, 625 Nathan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong postmarked within thirty (30) days of first accepting these Terms. You must include (i) your name and residence address, (ii) the email address and/or telephone number associated with your account, and (iii) a clear statement that you want to opt out of these Terms’ arbitration agreement.
(g) Exclusive Venue. If you send the opt-out notice in (f), and/or in any circumstances where the foregoing arbitration agreement permits either you or Joy Vendor to litigate any dispute arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these Terms in court, then the foregoing arbitration agreement will not apply to either party, and both you and Joy Vendor agree that any judicial proceeding (other than small claims actions) will be brought in the state or federal courts located in, respectively, San Francisco County, California, or the federal district in which that county falls.
(h) Severability. If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable, then all of the preceding language in this Arbitration Agreement section will be null and void. This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Joy Vendor.
Miscellaneous. You will be responsible for paying, withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties, and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services, provided that the Joy Vendor may, in its sole discretion, do any of the foregoing on your behalf or for itself as it sees fit. The failure of either you or us to exercise, in any way, any right herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. If any provision of these Terms are found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated, to the minimum extent necessary, so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. You and Joy Vendor agree that these Terms are the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding between you and Joy Vendor, and that these Terms supersede and cancel all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of these Terms. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you are not an employee, agent, partner, or joint venture of Joy Vendor, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Joy Vendor in any respect whatsoever.
Except as expressly set forth in the sections above regarding the Apple Application and the arbitration agreement, you and Joy Vendor agree there are no third-party beneficiaries intended under these Terms.
·       Short-term, transient use of Personal Data that is not used by another party to build a consumer profile or otherwise alter your consumer experience outside the current interaction.
·       Performing services on our behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
·       Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Users Data Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected about you. Under the CCPA, this right is subject to certain exceptions: for example, we may need to retain your Personal Data to provide you with the Services or complete a transaction or other action you have requested. If your deletion request is subject to one of these exceptions, we may deny your deletion request.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, you must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify your identify and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 45 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request using the following methods:
·       Call us at:    00852-3076 6658
·       Emailing us at: privacy@joyvendor.cn
Data Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. For example, the Services use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of Personal Data you provide to us. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you with our Services. In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. We may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.
Personal Data of Children
As noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about children under 16 years of age; if you are a child under the age of 16, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child under 16 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 years of age may have provided Personal Data to us, please contact us at privacy@joyvendor.cn.
California Resident Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the rights outlined in this section. Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section below for instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy and you are a California resident, the portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following rights apply to you, please contact us at privacy@joyvendor.cn.
Access
You have the right to request certain information about our collection and use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months. In response, we will provide you with the following information:
·       The categories of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
·       The categories of sources from which that Personal Data was collected.
·       The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Data.
·       The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Data.
·       The specific pieces of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
If we have disclosed your Personal Data to any third parties for a business purpose over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data shared with each category of third party recipient.
If we have sold your Personal Data over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data sold to each category of third party recipient.
Personal Data Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In
In this section, we use the term ‘sell’ as it is defined in the CCPA. We sell your Personal Data, subject to your right to opt-out of these sales.
We sell your Personal Data to the following categories of third parties:
·       Advertisers
Over the past twelve months, we have sold the following categories of your Personal Data to third parties:
·       A. Personal identifiers.
·       D. Commercial information.
·       F. Internet or other similar network activity information.
·       G. Geolocation data.
·       K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Data.  You can opt-out by clicking the  Do Not Sell My Information page.
Once you have submitted an opt-out request, we will not ask you to reauthorize the sale of your Personal Data for at least 12 months.
We do not sell the Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization. If you are between 13 and 16 years of age, you must authorize us to sell your Personal Data. If you are under 13 years of age, your parent or guardian must authorize us to sell your Personal Data.
We Will Not Discriminate Against You for Exercising Your Rights Under the CCPA
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. However, we may offer different tiers of our Services as allowed by applicable data privacy laws (including the CCPA) with varying prices, rates, or levels of quality of the goods or services you receive related to the value of Personal Data that we receive from you.
Other State Law Privacy Rights
California Resident Rights
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to contact us to prevent disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes; in order to submit such a request, please contact us at privacy@joyvendor.cn.
Nevada Resident Rights
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Data to third parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Data. You can exercise this right by contacting us at privacy@joyvendor.cn with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice within the games (apps) by sending you a notification, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice from us , those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data, your choices and rights regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
·      00852-3076 6658
·       privacy@joyvendor.cn
·       Room 1508, 15/F., Office Tower Two, Grand Plaza, 625 Nathan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong
·       http://www.joyvendor.net/
“Do Not Sell My Personal Information”
Joy Vendor may share your information with third parties to serve you offers for Joy Vendor, or offers from our third-party advertising partners. This sharing could get you a personalized advertising and gaming experience.
But, Joy Vendor gives you the ability to disable targeted advertising provided by third-party partners at any time and If you wish to disable targeted advertising, you can do so by limiting ad tracking in your device settings:
For iOS devices，please follow the instruction provided by Apple
https://support.apple.com/en-il/HT205223
For Android devices, please follow the instruction provided by Google
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662856?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&hl=en
If you still couldn’t fix it on your device, you can also send an email to privacy@joyvendor.cn including your account and device information. Once we receive your information and locate your account, Joy Vendor will disable the personalized advertising and no longer share your information with third-party partners, but it may take a little bit of time before your opt-out takes effect.
If you or your legally authorized agent need help, do not have an account, or would like to submit an opt-out notice to us directly, please email us at privacy@joyvendor.cn.
If you want to know more about our sharing activities, please read our Privacy Policy.