Control your home!
From your phone, tablet, or voice!
The Status Smart app
Download now to get started.
Control your home with your voice
via Amazon Alexa or Google Assistant!
or from the Status Smart app available.
Lighting Products
Previous
Next
Wifi Enabled
Works through your home wireless network, no hub or subscription required.
Voice Activated
Pairs with Amazon Alexa & Google Assistant using simple voice commands to control your Status Smart light bulb.
Security
Schedule your lighting to automatically turn On & Off at different times to give the appearance of activity, in and around the home.
App Control
Using your mobile device control your home lighting from any location. Turn On or Off, dim the lights or change the colour appearance.
Easy Setup
Simple to use, download the Status Smart app available on iOS & Android devices to connect to your home Wifi.
Endless Possibilities!
with the Status Smart Lighting
Using voice control via Amazon Alexa or Google Assistant create the perfect room ambience by changing the colour, brightness or temperature of your lighting.
•...Turn the lights on!
•...Dim the lights!
•...Change the colour!
•...Turn the lights off!
•...50% Brightness!
Download User Instructions
>
Home Device Products
Wifi Enabled
Works through your home wireless network, No hub or subscription required.
Voice Activated
Pairs with Amazon Alexa & Google Assistant using simple voice commands to control your Status Smart device.
Security
Schedule your devices to automatically turn On & Off at different times to give the appearance of activity, in and around the home.
App Control
Using your mobile device control your home devices from any location. Turn On or Off.
Easy Setup
Simple to use, download the Status Smart app available on iOS & Android devices to connect to your home Wifi.
The Status Smart app
Helpful information for our products
For more information on initial setup, use or trouble shooting please click the below link for user manuals and other frequently asked questions.
FAQ