Home
Support
Wide
Desktop
Tablet
Land Mobile
Port Mobile
Blog
Press
Download
✐
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for the website hosted at https://www.revenuecat.com/ (
“our site”
), our products and services, and for other RevenueCat activities at which you may provide your personal data, such as sponsored events or trade shows. The site is operated by or on behalf of RevenueCat, Inc. (
“we”
,
”us”
,
“our”
). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of service and any other documents referred to in it) sets out:
Information we collect
Cookies and other tracking technologies
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
Lawful Bases
Who we share your information with
Where we store your information
How we respond to DNT signals
How we protect your information
How long we keep your information
EU Citizen Rights
Note to Users Outside the United States
Changes to this policy
Contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By engaging in our site and services, you acknowledge you have read and understood this privacy policy. To the extent  applicable privacy law includes the European Economic Area General Data Protection Regulation, (the “GDPR”) with respect to personal data collected by us, the data controller for purposes of GDPR is: RevenueCat, Inc., 1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511
UNITED STATES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information we collect
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
Information you give us, which may consist of:
Information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, in discussion boards or other social media functions on or via our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, submit a query, providing information at trade shows or sponsored events and when you report a problem with our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, login and password details; and
Employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general inquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
Technical information, which may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
IP Location data, where IP addresses are collected and location is inferred based on IP location.
Information collected from other platform activities.
If you are using our products or services as a developer, the following information regarding your end users may be received and processed by us:
“End User Technical Information”: This refers to technical information related to an end user’s mobile device or computer, such as: device type, operating system,
“End User Transaction Information”: This refers to transaction information related to an end user’s activities with respect to your app or other digital product, and may include:
Last seen time that the end user used your app or digital product;
Apple receipt file; and
Google purchase token,
“Optional End User Information”: This refers to information that we may receive if you select or enable this option in our products, which may include:
User ID of the end user in your app or digital product; and
Additional attribution or metadata associated with an end user.
End User Technical Information, End User Transaction Information, and Optional End User Information are collectively referred to as “End User Information”.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive other personal data about you:
If you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we or our affiliates provide.
From third parties we work with:, which may include Zapier Lead Scoring.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Our site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-app codes, pixel tags or web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content. Our site uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and use our service and also allows us to improve our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so. A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
How we use your information
Information we collect:
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep our site safe and secure.
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site and service, when you choose to do so.
To deliver and improve our products and services and your overall user experience.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights). We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
‍
End User Information:
We will only use End User Information to provide our services and products to you, in accordance with the agreement agreed to and signed by us.
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our products and services. You can object to further marketing at any time by checking and updating your contact details within your account, or selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update communications to you, or by submitting your email address here.
Lawful Bases
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to operate the site or deliver any products or services you have requested) and “legitimate interests”. We rely on our legitimate interests as our lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the lawful bases of how we process your personal information, contact us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
.
Who we share your information with
We may share your information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of personal data under this policy. If any of these parties are using your information for direct marketing purposes, we will only transfer the information to them for that purpose with your prior consent.
Selected third parties which may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and applicable law. This includes organizations supporting the services we offer through the site, in particular organizations providing website and data hosting services, providing fulfillment services, distributing any communications we send, supporting or updating marketing lists, and facilitating feedback on our services. These organizations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors and/or other companies in the RevenueCat group of companies) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site and subject to the cookie section of this policy (this will not identify you as an individual).
Payment processing providers, such as Stripe, who provide secure payment processing services. (Your payment card details are not shared with us by the provider.)
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If RevenueCat or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of service, terms of use, and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RevenueCat, our customers, or others.
Where we store your information
The data that we collect from you will be stored securely on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) in the USA.
How We Respond to DNT Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a Do Not Track signal to websites and other online services you visit. We do not alter our practices when we receive a Do Not Track signal from a visitor’s browser because we do not track our visitors to provide targeted advertising. To find out more about Do Not Track, please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Public forums
The site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these and avoid posting any personal information.
Child safety
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using the site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are under the age of 16, you confirm you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using this site or sending us personal information.
Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to us over the internet. Payments made on the site are made through our payment gateway provider. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the operator which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorizing payment. Information which you supply is not within our control and is subject to the operator’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
How we protect your information
Security is one of our biggest priorities at RevenueCat. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
All application data is secured in transit using TLS.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL.
RevenueCat audits changes to the application throughout the development lifecycle: architecture reviews are performed as well as stringent automated and manual code review processes.
RevenueCat monitors application servers, infrastructure, and the RevenueCat network environment to detect potential abuse.
RevenueCat uses Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to persistently store Customer data and does not host Customer data on its premises. AWS is a leading cloud provider, and holds industry best security certifications, such as SOC2 and ISO 27001. Customer data sent to RevenueCat from around the world is sent to AWS data centers located in the United States.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data during any period in which you have expressed an interest in our products and services, for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you, and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
EU Citizen Rights Under GDPR
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us.
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us.
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example).
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing.
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by emailing compliance@revenuecat.com.
Your right to withdraw consent:
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by going here.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law.
We would appreciate the opportunity to directly address any GDPR issues you may have. Please contact us at compliance@revenuecat.com. You do, however, have the right to approach your local data protection authority, (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html for data protection authorities in the EU).
Data processed on behalf of our Customers
RevenueCat may process End User Information on behalf of its customers. We are not the controllers of this data and act as data processors, and have no direct relationship with the individuals or end users whose personal information it processes. The processing of personal data sent from our Customers is governed by our
Terms of Use
,
Data Processing Addendum
or any other agreement agreed to and signed by us with our Customers. These agreements cover data transfers to third parties that may occur as part of RevenueCat’s provision of its services to the customer. We will process such data on behalf of the customer as prescribed in the respective agreements between RevenueCat and the customer. The customer’s privacy policy or other agreement between the customer and you (or your organization) will apply to such processing, and not this policy.
If your personal data is processed by RevenueCat on behalf of one of our customers and you wish to discontinue such processing, or if you seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, please contact the RevenueCat customer (the data controller) directly. The RevenueCat customer should then provide instructions to us, if necessary. If requested to remove data by the data controller we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain personal information pursuant to our retention policy and will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Note to users outside the United States
RevenueCat is based in the United States. The Site and our products and services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal data.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Compliance Officer
RevenueCat, Inc.
1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511 UNITED STATES
compliance@revenuecat.com
‍
Sub-policy 1
https://telemetrydeck.com/docs/articles/anonymization-how-it-works/:
Documentation Navigation
Introduction
Getting started
Glossary of Terms
Guides
Swift Setup Guide
Android Setup Guide
Flutter Setup Guide
Web Setup Guide
JavaScript App Setup Guide
React and React Native Setup Guide
Vue.js Setup Guide
Objective-C Setup Guide
Privacy FAQ
Articles
Anonymization of user data
Why is Apple's app privacy report important to you as an app developer?
Apple's app privacy details
How app tracking transparency affects app developers
Custom dashboards with insight groups
Track time-based user engagement with Duration Signals
TelemetryDeck's Grand Rename
Funnels - How they work
Quick set-up for your MAU insights
Finding out the traffic sources for your Webpage
What are insights and how do they work?
How to invite members to your organization
Making an account
Navigation Signals
Setting Up the 'Errors' Preset to Reduce Churn
Setting Up the 'Purchases' Preset to Get Live Purchase Data
Filters - How to use the Filter Editor
How to name your signal types
TelemetryDeck Swift Client Reference
Getting started with Test Mode
Track the number of daily users in your app
How to update a Swift package
Find out which operating system your users are using
Picking your minimum iOS or Android version
Detect if users update to the latest app version
How to write this Documentation
Integrations
Using TelemetryDeck with RevenueCat
Using TelemetryDeck with Superwall iOS
Using Google Tag Manager to include TelemetryDeck in your website
TelemetryDeck Query Language Reference
Guideline for using TQL
TQL Query Reference
Query Type
Timeseries Query
Top N Query
Group By Query
Scan Query
Funnel Query
Experiment Query
Data Source
Granularity
Time intervals and relative time intervals
Descending
Base Filters
Filters
Aggregators
Post Aggregators
Dimension Spec
Extraction Function
TopNMetricSpec
ValueFormatter
QueryContext
(Deprecated) Funnels
TelemetryDeck Query Language Examples
Calculating Averages, Sums, Minimums and Maximums
Showing a list of events
Calculating the average number of views per purchase
API
Get the query for an Insight
Run Query
Insights Reference
Signals Reference
Get an API Token
Get the query for an Insight
Ingest API
Default Parameters
Ingest API v2
(Deprecated) Ingest API v1
Methodology
Anonymizing data involves transforming it to prevent direct linkage to a person. However, if the original data can be recreated with additional information, the transformation only qualifies as pseudonymization.
GDPR considers data truly anonymized
only if the original data can’t be recreated, even with additional information.
At TelemetryDeck, we even go a step further: the “identification date” is no longer available; “re-identification” is thus ruled out and cannot be performed. Therefore, anonymized data is not personal data anymore.
You can check out our code
to confirm the statement for yourself!
User identifiers
Our SDKs accept a
custom user identifier
, such as an email address or an internal identifier, to help you identify your users. If you don’t supply an identifier, we generate a random one for you. On some platforms, we may ask the operating system for one, such as the iOS
identifierForVendor
.
Salting and hashing
We salt and hash the identifier
on the user’s device
. If you have a custom salt string, you can provide it using the configuration object. When a signal arrives on our server,
we add our own salt to the user identifier and hash it again
. This ensures that neither TelemetryDeck nor you can reconstruct the original identifier, protecting the user’s privacy.
Recognizing users
If you use the same (custom) salt and provide the same original identifier, you can recognize the same user across different platforms. For example, if a user logs in to your website using their email address on one device and then switches to your app another device where they are logged in with the same email address, they can still be recognized if the same salt and original identifier are used.
Conclusion
We hope that this information provides you with a better understanding of how TelemetryDeck anonymizes user data and that we are committed to protecting user privacy! With the above techniques, TelemetryDeck makes sure that user data cannot be traced back to an individual. If you still have any questions or concerns about how TelemetryDeck anonymizes user data, please feel free to contact us!
Previous
←
Privacy FAQ
Next
Why is Apple's app privacy report important to you as an app developer?
→
Sub-policy 2
https://telemetrydeck.com/privacy/:
This document has last been updated March 4, 2024
TelemetryDeck was designed from the ground up with privacy in mind. An important principle of TelemetryDeck is to only save the least amount of data it absolutely needs, and to not save any data that can be used to identify specific users' identities.
That is why the
TelemetryDeck Client code
is completely open source, so that users and developers can see for themselves the data that TelemetryDeck saves.
TelemetryDeck has never installed any law enforcement software or equipment anywhere on our network.
Data Transmitted
Any data that is transmitted to the analytics server consists of the following:
An anonymized user identifier. The identifier is constant for each app install but cannot be traced back to any personally identifiable information.
An action taken, such as “App Launched” or “Settings Opened”. The developer defines these actions.
A time stamp when the action was taken.
Device metadata, namely platform, system version, app version, build number, if the build was downloaded via App Store or TestFlight, and the device model type (i.e., iPhone X, iPad Air, or iPhone 12).
Additional metadata as defined by the developer, such as “Number of Items in the Database” or “Setting X is enabled”. Developers should note this metadata in their own privacy policy.
For Web SDK API requests, we look at the first 3 triplets of incoming IP addresses in order to determine a possible country the request came from.
IP addresses are never stored on the TelemetryDeck Server, neither in the database nor in any log files, nor at any other place.
Terms Used
A
developer
is a person who creates or maintains an app which includes the TelemetryDeck Client code. They are responsible for making sure they only hand anonymized data to the TelemetryDeck Client.
The
TelemetryDeck Client
is the code that transmits data to the TelemetryDeck Server. It can be viewed on
GitHub
in its entirety.
A
user
is a person who uses any app created by a
developer
. It is our job to make sure their data stays safe.
A
signal
is one instance of data sent from the app to the TelemetryDeck Server using the TelemetryDeck Client.
TelemetryDeck Viewer
is the app that developers use to see signal data, both raw and in aggregated form, as
Insights
.
User Identifiers
Developers have three choices on how to identify users. They should note which they are using in their app's privacy policy:
Using no user identifier at all. This will give them the greatest piece of mind, while still allowing TelemetryDeck to help them out with statistical analysis.
Using Apple's “IdentifierForVendor” API. This is the default behaviour for TelemetryDeck. The identifier generated out with this method has no relation to any of the user's identifiable information or private data. Deleting and reinstalling the app will generate a new identifier and sever any connection to the old one.
Using a custom string identifier, such as the user's username or email address. This string will never be transferred directly to the server. Instead, the TelemetryDeck Client will create a hash out of that string and only ever transmit that hash. This allows TelemetryDeck to detect the same user on multiple devices, but it is impossible for both the developer and any person having access to TelemetryDeck's database to retrieve the original custom string identifier.
Metadata
Developers can include any metadata they wish with signals they send using TelemetryDeck Client. They are urged to not send any data that might identify their users. They must include the types of data they send in their own apps' privacy policies.
Using TelemetryDeck Viewer
Developers using the TelemetryDeck Viewer app are sending signals to the TelemetryDeck Server as well. These do not contain any user data. The types of data are:
App was launched
Which part of the app was navigated to?
Standard metadata: platform, system version, app version, build number, if the build was downloaded via App Store or TestFlight, and the device model type (i.e. iPhone X, iPad Air, or iPhone 12).
Our Customers and Prospects
We use the integrated software solution Hubspot for managing the address and contact data (contact management) of our customers and prospects. The service provider is HubSpot Inc., a software company from the USA (Hubspot, Inc. 25 First Street Cambridge, MA 02141 USA).
We use Hubspot to document appointments and agreements, as well as to evaluate our activities in the sales area. Personal data such as name, email address, phone numbers, business addresses, and the content of business communication may be processed.
The legal basis for processing in the context of contacting for the conclusion or performance of a contract is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR or Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the use for the purpose of the CRM system as contact management.
Data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose and there are no legal retention obligations, e.g. for data that must be kept for commercial or tax reasons. In accordance with legal requirements in Germany, storage may be necessary for up to 10 years due to commercial and tax regulations. We delete prospect data within a reasonable period of time, within which no more contract conclusion or the like is to be expected.
The data of TelemetryDeck GmbH is stored in European data centers by Hubspot. However, personal data may be transferred to the USA and other third countries where HubSpot subsidiaries are located. HubSpot meets the minimum requirements for legally compliant order data processing by concluding the EU standard data protection clauses. We have concluded a contract for order processing (Data Processing Agreement, DPA) with HubSpot.
Further information on data processing by Hubspot can be found at:
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
.
Newsletter
You have the option to subscribe to the newsletter offered on our website. If you would like to receive the newsletter, we require an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified e-mail address and agree to receive the newsletter. For this purpose, we use the so-called double opt-in procedure: After your registration, you will receive an e-mail to the specified e-mail address, in which we ask for confirmation of the registration.
The following information is then saved with the confirmation:
E-mail address
Date of subscription
Activity (delivered, opened, clicked)
For customers who subscribe to our newsletter when opening an account, the following information is also stored:
First name
Last name
Country
Organization
Further data is not collected or only on a voluntary basis. We use this data exclusively for sending the requested information and for proving your registration.
Your consent is the exclusive basis for processing the data provided in the newsletter registration form (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can revoke your consent to the storage of the data, the e-mail address and their use for sending the newsletter at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter, for example via the “unsubscribe” link in the newsletter. The legality of the data processing operations carried out up to that point remains unaffected by the revocation.
Please note that unsubscribing from our newsletter list does not result in the deletion of your data. If you wish to delete your personal data from Mailjet, please inform us informally by e-mail.
Mailjet
Newsletters and customer information are sent via the service provider Mailjet. The provider is Sinch AB Lindhagensgatan 74 Stockholm, 112 18 Sweden. The data is stored in secure data centers located exclusively in the European Union, with Google Cloud Platform in Frankfurt (Germany) and St. Ghislain (Belgium).
Mailjet is a service that, among other things, organizes and analyzes the sending of newsletters and customer information. Mailjet processes the following information on our behalf regarding the status of the subscription (subscribed, unsubscribed) as well as the status of the newsletters (delivered, opened, clicked and the exact button or link).
For more information about Mailjet, please visit
Mailjet's privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.appsflyer.com/trust/privacy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
English
Français
日本語
Русский
Español
简体中文
한국어
Deutsch
Portuguese
Tiếng Việt
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Privacy at AppsFlyer
The highest privacy standard in the industry
We are committed to offering the best-in-class services while adopting the most rigorous privacy measures. From specific industry regulations to international data privacy standards we don’t just lead the industry in privacy standards, we help define it.
Regional Privacy Laws
Enhancing Kids’ Privacy
Privacy-Centric Innovation
Data Subject Request Management
Privacy Documentation
Website Privacy Policy
FAQ
Regional Privacy Laws
Local expertise, global reach
We welcome a world that is more private. We have invested significant resources into providing diligent compliance across all of our solutions and teams. Our mission and responsibility, is to not only provide a fully-compliant product to our customers, but to help them ensure their own compliance as well. Click on the buttons below for an in-depth explanation of regional privacy regulations and AppsFlyer’s compliance, and detailed information related to compliance with the GDPR, CCPA/CPRA, Brazil’s LGPD, China’s PIPL, Japan’s APPI, and more.
GDPR
CCPA and other US states
Brazil LGPD
Singapore’s PDPA
UAE’s Personal Data Protection Law
Thailand’s PDPA
China’s PIPL
Japan’s APPI
Korea’s PIPA
India’s DPDP
Vietnam PDPD
Enhancing Kids’ Privacy
We’ve implemented technical and organizational measures to ensure that, by default, only the personal data necessary for each specific purpose of the service is processed in strict accordance with our customers’ instructions and configurations. Read our Kids Privacy Statement
here
.
Compliant attribution for kids’ apps
Apps that cater to kids, or audiences that may include kids, must take measures to ensure compliant attribution is secured. Download the guide
here
.
Google Family/Apple Kids Guide
This is a guide to help AppsFlyer customers implement and safeguard all of the practices introduced by the leading operating systems. Get the guide for Google Families Program
here
. Get the guide for the Apple App Store
here
.
AppsFlyer’s Privo Accreditation
AppsFlyer is proud to have achieved Privo Accreditation in our efforts to help our customers achieve COPPA compliance.
View accreditation here
.
Privacy-Centric Innovation
AppsFlyer places privacy as a core value and as such, is heavily committed to, and invested in, developing innovative privacy preserving technology and privacy-forward controls. AppsFlyer’s overarching goal is to create solutions that enable the highest standards of privacy while maintaining business excellence.
Privacy preserving technologies include:
Aggregated Advanced Privacy (AAP)
a feature that empowers advertisers to prevent the availability of user-level attribution data.
Privacy Cloud and Data Clean Room
two products that innovate collaboration and measurement by ensuring the highest standards of privacy-preserving technologies.
SKAdNetwork, Conversion Studio, and Single Source of Truth (SSOT)
advanced solutions that enable advertisers to thrive on iOS.
Predictive Analytics
a statistical technique that leverages machine learning for measurement insights.
Incrementality measurement
a feature that measures the incremental lift generated by remarketing campaigns.
The above technologies are a selection of our products that are at the forefront of privacy-preserving innovation.
AppsFlyer’s products and features enable the highest standards of privacy-centric technology.
Privacy-forward controls include:
Opt-in/Opt out for any data processing
– This enables customers to align with any consent mechanisms implemented within their app to ensure GDPR,
CCPA
or other regulatory compliance.
Opt-out from Device ID utilization (iOS -IDFA, iOS – IDFV and Android). For iOS customers may also use the Strict Mode SDK. This enables alignment with any platform policies and regulatory requirements for child directed or mixed audience applications.
Opt-out controls for customer data sharing with partners
(see also AAP for iOS for aggregated data sharing). This enables customers to comply with platform policies and regulatory requirements including requirements related to child or mixed audience applications (e.g COPPA).
Opt-in/out controls on types of data shared for in-app events
– this enables customers to control with which partners (if any at all) customers share events they choose to measure.
IP address masking
– This will mask IP addresses from any reporting and from any data customers choose to share with their partners.
Post Install deidentification
– This enables customers to measure post install events without connection to the device identifier and to the initial attribution. Other identifiers such as IP and AppsFlyer ID are hashed.
For more information on privacy preserving controls, please visit our
help center
.
Data Subject Request Management
We have developed a comprehensive range of tools to help our customers build a fully compliant stack. By adopting our tools, brands can address data subject requests across their partner ecosystems, in near real-time. Adhering to the GDPR, CCPA, LGPD and other local regulations requiring the “Right of Deletion”, our
OpenDSR API
helps organizations globally take another step toward compliance. If you want to invoke your right to be forgotten directly with AppsFlyer, please click
here
. AppsFlyer complies with the ‘right to access’, ‘right to data portability’, and ‘right to rectification’, for more information on how to enact those rights, please reach out to us.
Privacy Documentation
AppsFlyer is proud to offer a range of documentation that comprehensively addresses our approaches to data protection and privacy.
AppsFlyer Services: How We Process Customer Data
AppsFlyer’s means of processing customer’s data, as part of our services provision outlines the types of data processed, the types of end users processed, the manner in which the data is protected, and what privacy-enhancing controls and technologies are available. To read the complete guide to Processing Customer Data, click
here
.
DPA
Our Data Processing Agreement is global, meaning it is applicable to all relevant privacy regulations around the globe, including GDPR and CPRA. For more information and to download a copy of our DPA, please click
here
.
Cookie policy
AppsFlyer respects the privacy of all website visitors. AppsFlyer Cookie Policy explains our practices through which we optimize your user experience. For a full overview of our cookie practices, please click
here
.
Subprocessors
AppsFlyer minimizes the use of subprocessors, except for when absolutely necessary for the performance of the services. The local AppsFlyer subsidiary that may process your information is dependent on your location. You can find more information
here
.
Website Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you. To read the complete Website Privacy Policy, please click
here
.
FAQ
“As a company that places customer satisfaction and privacy at its core, we are constantly assessing and reassessing our privacy practices to hold ourselves accountable to the most rigorous privacy standards. In an ever-evolving landscape, AppsFlyer is setting the privacy bar today, and defining more practices for tomorrow.”
We are committed to providing customers and end users with complete transparency in relation to our privacy practices and to protecting customer data. We use the data we receive to provide services to our customers as more completely described in our Services Privacy Policy. Furthermore, we implement stringent security and organizational measures including those described here to protect your data.
The GDPR applies to Personal Data. However, Personal Data is broadly defined and includes identifiers such as IP address, cookies, and device IDs. Therefore, under such definition data collected by you through your use of AppsFlyer may be deemed Personal Data under the GDPR.
AppsFlyer employs strict physical, technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect data and meets a number of major ISO standards (e.g. 27001, 27017, 27018 and more). See AppsFlyer’s Security Page for more information.
We process the personal data of the end users of our customers who use or interact with our customers’ websites, products, services, advertisements, and mobile application services.
Please see our
Services Privacy Policy
where the categories of data are listed. Our platform allows customers to configure their data in accordance with their needs. We are a privacy-oriented company and have numerous solutions available to ensure compliance with regulations across the globe.
AppsFlyer has a range of privacy-preserving solutions where aggregated data is the solution to ensure that PII or personal data is not processed. IP addresses are a natural part of internet connections on the web, therefore at the regional level these are received by AppsFlyer. However, AppsFlyer provides solutions that include IP masking.
Our Cookies Policy
AppsFlyer respects your privacy as our website user. We use cookies to improve your user experience and for remarketing. Some of this data may be shared with select partners. See our
cookies policy
for more information.
Reject all cookies
Accept all cookies
Customize
Cookie Preference Center
AppsFlyer uses Cookies to provide, maintain, and improve our websites, to optimize our offerings and marketing activities, and to provide our visitors and users with a better experience, for example, in order to maintain your preferences, to better secure our websites, to identify technical issues, and to monitor and improve the overall performance of our websites.
More information
Allow All
Please select which Cookies you approve, you may choose all options.
Always Active
Necessary Cookies are enabled for the assurance and function of a properly run website, and they cannot be disabled. They are usually only set in response to actions permitted by you, such as, enabling functions like navigation and access to secure areas of the website. These Cookies do not store personal information that will be used for other purposes.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies provide us with aggregated (anonymous) insights into website enhancement and performance improvement. These cookies allow us to measure and improve the performance of our Sites. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization through our Sites and allow for a better user experience. These may be set by us (first-party Cookies) or by third-party providers who work with us (third-party Cookies).
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label