WORLD NEWS
US and Russian negotiators launch ceasefire talks in Saudi Arabia
UK NEWS
Heathrow had enough power despite shutdown, says National Grid chief
John Pettigrew said two substations were ‘always available for the distribution network companies and Heathrow to take power’.
CRIME
Police charge third teenager in connection with death of schoolboy
The news comes after two other boys were charged in connection with the death of Amen Teklay on a Glasgow street on March 5.
ADVERTISEMENT
WORLD NEWS
Pope returns home to the Vatican after five-week hospital stay
Pope Francis has been discharged from Rome’s Gemelli hospital after more than five weeks of treatment following a battle with pneumonia.
WORLD NEWS
Israel strike at Gaza hospital kills Hamas official
The strike hit the surgical building of Nasser Hospital in the city of Khan Younis, the territory’s Health Ministry said.
POLITICS
Union chief warns 50,000 could lose jobs in Civil Service cuts
FDA general secretary Dave Penman said a 10% cut in the entire salary bill of the Civil Service could mean up to 50,000 jobs may be cut.
UK News
Average price of pint to rise above £5 for first time
The British Beer and Pub Association said the average cost of a pint is expected to rise by around 21p due to budget-linked cost increases.
ADVERTISEMENT
Councils must prove they are fixing potholes or lose cash, says Starmer
Councils will be required to publish annual progress reports or face having funding withheld.
Heathrow had enough power despite shutdown, says National Grid chief
John Pettigrew said two substations were ‘always available for the distribution network companies and Heathrow to take power’.
Two dead after vehicle collision in Essex
A man in his 50s, who was a passenger in one car, and a man in his 30s, who was the driver of the other car, died at the scene.
Reeves denies UK on path to austerity as she confirms 15% Civil Service cuts
It comes after a backlash to cuts to welfare spending and a decision to slash the aid budget to fund a boost to defence spending.
More
World News
Fierce protests in Turkey after Istanbul mayor jailed
A court formally arrested mayor Ekrem Imamoglu and ordered him jailed pending a trial on corruption charges.
ADVERTISEMENT
US and Russian negotiators launch ceasefire talks in Saudi Arabia
Russian news reports said the negotiations over a partial ceasefire in Ukraine had begun in Riyadh.
South Korean court overturns impeachment of prime minister
The Constitutional Court has reinstated Han Duck-Soo as acting leader of the country.
Seven killed after Moscow targets Kyiv with mass drone attack
Ukraine’s Kyiv City Military Administration said three people were killed and 10 others were injured.
Israel strike at Gaza hospital kills Hamas official
The strike hit the surgical building of Nasser Hospital in the city of Khan Younis, the territory’s Health Ministry said.
More
Cost of Living
Reeves rules out raising taxes in Spring Statement
The Chancellor has repeatedly said she will not budge from her fiscal rules.
ADVERTISEMENT
UK interest rates held at 4.5% as Bank warns over US tariff uncertainty
Eight members of the Bank’s nine-person Monetary Policy Committee voted to keep rates on hold.
VR headset and yoga mat added to basket of items used to track UK inflation
The Office for National Statistics said its inflation basket of goods show how consumer spending has evolved over the years.
How is car tax changing?
Vehicle excise duty is being overhauled. Here, the PA news agency answers 10 key questions on the changes.
Full list of confirmed top-tier council tax rises in England
Most authorities have chosen to increase council tax in 2025/26 by the full amount.
More
Politics
Union chief warns 50,000 could lose jobs in Civil Service cuts
FDA general secretary Dave Penman said a 10% cut in the entire salary bill of the Civil Service could mean up to 50,000 jobs may be cut.
Chancellor rules out ‘tax and spend’ policies ahead of spring statement
Former Labour work and pensions secretary Lord Blunkett has urged the Chancellor to loosen her fiscal rules.
Ed Miliband clarifies where Keir Starmer intended to send troops into Ukraine
‘I think people are over-interpreting what the Prime Minister said yesterday,’ Ed Miliband added.
Putin will breach peace deal unless it is defended, Starmer says
The Prime Minister said he was ‘certain’ the Russian president would flout the terms of a truce unless security arrangements were in place.
Nicola Sturgeon cleared of any wrongdoing in SNP finances probe
The announcement comes after the former first minister’s estranged husband appeared in court charged with embezzlement.
More
Crime
Man charged with murder after stabbing in south London
Officers were called at around 5.10am on Thursday to Brixton Road, Lambeth.
Police charge third teenager in connection with death of schoolboy
The news comes after two other boys were charged in connection with the death of Amen Teklay on a Glasgow street on March 5.
Neville Lawrence urges son’s killer to name others involved in Stephen’s death
Mr Lawrence said he expects an apology from David Norris ‘for the pain he has caused us’.
Missing prisoner found after escape from van on motorway
Jamie Cooper, 33, has been arrested on suspicion of escaping from lawful custody.
Bomb squad carries out controlled burn of chemicals found at St Leonards address
Police have evacuated 73 people after the discovery of explosive chemicals at an East Sussex seafront property.
More
Royal
Princess Beatrice says premature birth of daughter was ‘humbling’
The late Queen’s granddaughter’s second child, Athena Elizabeth Rose, was born several weeks premature on January 22.
Prince of Wales to visit UK troops in Estonia in show of support
The Prince of Wales will tour the Baltic state on Thursday and Friday mainly in his role as Colonel-in-Chief of the Mercian Regiment.
King and Queen meet creatives during visit to heart of Belfast
Charles and Camilla visited the cobble-stoned Commercial Court on Wednesday.
Disclosing Harry’s US visa records could subject duke to harassment, court told
Documents related to the case were unsealed by a US court on Tuesday.
King's Vatican visit to go ahead despite Pope's illness
The tour from April 7 to 10 will include two state visits, to Rome and Ravenna in Italy, and to the Holy See in the Vatican.
More
Sport
George Foreman: The boxing great who went from juvenile delinquent to national treasure
Foreman’s family said he has died at the age of 76.
Heavyweight boxing legend George Foreman dies aged 76
Foreman was an Olympic gold medallist before claiming his first heavyweight title with a stoppage win over Joe Frazier in 1973.
Former F1 team boss Eddie Jordan dies aged 76
Jordan revealed in December that he was suffering from bladder and prostate cancer which had spread to his spine and pelvis.
UK Athletics and man, 77, plead not guilty over death of Paralympian
UAE athlete Abdullah Hayayei was killed when he was hit by a metal pole during training in east London in 2017.
William and Kate to back rival teams at Wales v England Six Nations game
The Prince and Princess of Wales will cheer on opposing sides at Saturday’s Wales v England Six Nations match.
More
Entertainment
Former Radio 1 DJ Andy Peebles, last interviewer of John Lennon, dies aged 76
He interviewed Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono in New York for a radio series, two days before the musician was shot dead aged 40 in 1980.
Brian Nolan reveals prostate cancer diagnosis after sister Linda’s death
Several of his sisters have revealed cancer diagnoses.
Davina McCall says removal of brain tumour was ‘hardest thing I've ever been through’
The TV presenter was among a host of presenters for Red Nose Day.
Adolescence creators accept invitation to discuss online safety with MPs
The Netflix show examines so-called incel culture, which has led to misogyny online and bullying on social media.
Women did not speak out about Noel Clarke for fear of losing work, court hears
An actress and costume designer claim to have received unwanted sexual comments from the Kidulthood star.
More