Last updated: January 31, 2023
Dongguan Shuidi Huyu Technology Co., LTD (“we,” or “us”) respects the privacy of its users (“you”) and has developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect, how it may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully before using our application (our “Software”) or services (our “Services”). By using our Service, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us through the email displayed below.
1. Information and Data We Collect from You
Information collected automatically.
For analytical, business and operational purposes, we automatically collect the following types of information:
(1)Technical Information. This information could include the type, name and version of operating system:(i) Your configuration and settings of the Software and Services, version of the Software and Services; (ii)ISP (Internet Service Provider), Internet protocol (IP) address, Media Access Control (MAC) address,anonymous user identifiers, device configuration and identifiers; (iii)IMEI (International Mobile Equipment Identity); (iv)IDFA (Identifier For Advertising) ; (v) Apple ID.
(2) Usage Information. Certain usage related information regarding your use and interaction with your device and the Website, such as when and how you use the Website, how frequently you use them, your operation log and service log information.
(3) Payment Data. We may collect information about your subscription orders, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Apple). These companies can be contacted through their websites. Before entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies.
Information provided or permission granted to us by you.
(1) Permission to Access to the Camera and Photo Album. In order to use certain features of the Software, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or photo album to obtain photos in your mobile device or save pictures to your photo album. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera and photo album.
(2) Facial Features Information.
Collection and processing of your facial features information:
When you use certain features of the Software to process your facial photos, we will analyze the facial features data, recognize the position and shape of the five sense organs, and gender in the photos or videos, then process them and feedback the special effect photos or videos to you.
If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent for our collection and processing of your facial features information, we will promptly cease all such collection and processing.
The purposes we collect your facial features information:
We capture the facial features information only to process pictures or videos containing your portrait in order to generate special effects images or videos for you.
Storage and sharing of your facial features information:
When you use the AI functions of the Software to generate a video of your face photos, we need to share the image with the third party we cooperate with for using their AI technology to generate the video for you. To enable you to trace and manage your historically generated content, we will store the processed photos or videos in our server for 3 days.
(3) Storage of Your Device. For using certain features to process the photos or videos in your device, or saving processed photos, videos or cache other information normally to your device, we may access to the storage of your device.
2. How We Use Your Information
We use information collected through our Services for purposes described in this Policy. For example, we may use your information to:
—Operate and improve our Services;
—Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Services;
—Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
—Take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with our Software and Services;
—Enforce the terms and conditions applicable to our Software and Services and to prevent unlawful activities and misuse thereof. If any new purposes for processing your information arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
3. Sharing Information with Third Parties
We will not share any personal information that we have collected from you except for the following events:
(1) If we are required by law to disclose your information, we may share your information with law enforcement or other competent authorities and any third party, as may be required (e.g., to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; to respond to claims or satisfy any legal process, subpoena, or governmental request; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our users, its partners, or the general public);
(2) In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger or acquisition by another company, consolidation, change of control, reorganization, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information will be among the assets transferred;
(3) We may share your information with certain third parties (including, without limitation, search engines, content providers, and advertising networks and platforms) that provide various services (such as advertising, marketing, analysis, content, and search) in connection with the Software and the Service, or such third parties may directly collect your information through the Software or their SDK. We take appropriate measures to ensure that no user can be individually identified from the disclosure of such information, and we require these third parties (i) to keep the data secured, (ii) not to use the data for any other purpose other than to provide us with the Service; and (iii) to use the data solely in compliance with the applicable data protection laws and this Privacy Policy.
If you want to delete any personal information which we have shared with the third parties, please contact us through the email displayed below. We would try our best to notify the third party of deleting the relative personal data, but no warranty as to the deletion is made by us.
(4) We may also share personal information with our subsidiaries, affiliated and parent companies but their use of such information must comply with the applicable data protection laws and this Privacy Policy.
4. Third Party Websites or App
There are a number of places on our Services where you may click on a link to access other websites or app that do not operate by us. For example, if you click on an advertisement on our Services, you may be taken to a website or app that we do not control. Such third- party websites or app may independently solicit and collect information, including personal information, from you and, in some instances, provide us with information about your activities on those websites or app. We are not responsible for the information contained and/or made available through, the practices of, or your use or inability to use such third- party websites or app. You expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of such third- party websites or app. We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites or app you visit.
5.Transfer of Data outside Your Territory
Our Software and the Services work over the Internet. We may store and process your information in various locations throughout the world. Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the Software and/or the Services. You may withdraw your consent at any time by notifying us.
6.How we protect your personal information
We take security measures including administrative, technical, and physical measures to safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. However, no system can be completely security. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure.
7.Data Retention
We retain the information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as necessary for the provision of our Services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (1) how long the personal data is needed to provide the Services and operate the business; (2) the type of personal data collected; and (3) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes). We will only keep your personal information for three (3) years.
8.Our Policy Regarding Children
Our Services offered by us are not intended for children under 13 or other statutory minimum age according to the applicable laws and regulations in your country (the “Minimum Age”), If you are under the Minimum Age, you should not use our Services, please do not send any information about yourself to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the Minimum Age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the the Minimum Age, please contact us through the email displayed below.
9.Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check our Services from time to time to aware of changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies.
10.How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email as follows: insnap@outlook.com.