Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
The RWRD website (“Site”) is provided by RWRD Ltd. (‘we’,‘us’ or ‘our’). We are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of users of the site (‘you’ or ‘your’). This privacy policy (‘Privacy Policy’) sets out the basis on which the personal data collected from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand how we will use your personal data.
For the purpose of data protection legislation in the UK, the data controller is RWRD Ltd., company registration no. 11501346, registered office Eden House, Reynolds Road, Beaconsfield, Bucks, HP9 2JL. Data is stored with Digital Ocean – see more at https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/privacy-policy/.
Information We May Collect and Process From You
We may collect and process the following information from you in accordance with data protection legislation in the UK.
Registration details including name & email
Information about your use of the site/website including redemptions and other information that you give us.
Your location
Your information may be analysed to see how much you use the site, to understand your on site behaviour, and to send you information and offers for the products or services which we feel are most relevant to you. We may also use your information to generate aggregate data.
We are required to comply with certain legal and regulatory requirements, and may process your personal data for compliance with such legal or regulatory obligation, to which we or regulators or law enforcement agencies are subject.
Note that if any of your personal details change during your use of the site, we request that you update them by accessing the relevant section of the site, or by contacting us at support@rwrdapp.com.
Retention of your Personal Data
RWRD Ltd will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and will delete data when your profile is deleted. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
RWRD Ltd will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Use of data
RWRD Ltd uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Request for your data to be deleted
All users have the right to request for their data to be deleted in full at anytime. To do so, please contact support@rwrdapp.com. Your data will be deleted in full within 7 days.
Cookies and similar technology​
Our site and services use cookies or similar technology to collect information about your access to the site and services.
Cookies are pieces of information that include a unique reference code that a site or a website transfers to your device to store and sometimes track information about you. A number of cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session and expire when you close your browser. Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to use our site and services and will last for longer.
We use the following categories of cookies on the site and in the provision of services to you, for the purposes set out below:
Essential session management cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to use our site and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, cannot be provided to you. We use these cookies for ensuring you receive information relating to your use of the site.
Functionality cookies
These cookies allow our site to remember choices or selections you make around functionality features (such as your name or city) and provide enhanced, more personal features. We also use these cookies to remember changes you make to other parts of our site which you may be able to customise from time to time. The information we collect via these cookies may be anonymised and these cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. We use these cookies for:
Customising elements of the promotional layout and/or content of the pages of the site for example by storing a location and/or country code and providing users with content relevant to their location and/or country.
Performance and measurement cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use our site and if they get error messages when using the site. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how our site and services work. We use performance and measurement cookies in the following ways:
Collecting statistical information about how our users use the site so that we can improve the site and services.
We employ Flurry analytics for the site. You can find more about Flurry analytics at https://www.flurry.com/
We employ Google analytics for the website, rwrdapp.com. You can find out more about Google analytics at https://analytics.google.com/analytics/
Some of the cookies used on our site are set by us and some are set by third parties who are delivering services on our behalf.
Most computer and some mobile web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. Please note however, that by blocking or deleting cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of our site or services.
Disclosure of Information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means the venues featuring on the platform, our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006 (where applicable).
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Overpass Ltd
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets
If you have opted in to receiving relevant marketing from our partners when signing up to the platform
As a result of us collecting and processing your information, you have the following legal rights:
to access personal data held about you.
to request us to make any changes to your personal data if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
to request your personal data is erased where we do not have a compelling reason to continue to process such data in certain circumstances.
to receive your personal data provided to us as a data controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format where our processing of the data is based on: (i) your consent; (ii) our necessity for performance of a contract to which you are a party to; or (iii) steps taken at your request prior to entering into a contract with us and the processing is carried out by automated means.
to object to, or restrict, our processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
to object to, and not be subject to a decision which is based solely on, automated processing (including profiling), which produces legal effects or could significantly affect you.
to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory body, which at present, is the Information Commissioner’s Office.
to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory body, which at present, is the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Service Providers​
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact support@rwrdapp.com. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy will be notified and made available to you using the site, where appropriate. By continuing to use the site, you are accepting any changes made to this Privacy Policy. Please check back regularly to keep informed of updates or changes to this Privacy Policy.
Contact
All questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to support@rwrdapp.com