Skip to main content
Search
EN
中文
Subscribe
Search form
Search
Quick Connect
ESP32-H4
ESP32-P4
ESP32-C61
ESP RainMaker
®
Matter
Privacy Policy
Espressif is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Policy (together with any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which we may collect, use, disclose or otherwise process personal data. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we handle it.
This Policy applies to personal data in our possession or under our control.
This Policy describes how Espressif processes your personal data, but it may not address all possible data processing scenarios. Espressif may inform you of product- or service-specific data collection through supplementary policies or notices provided before collection.
I. Definition
1.  “Personal data” means all kinds of data, whether true or not, related to identified or identifiable natural persons that are electronically or otherwise recorded, excluding information that has been anonymized；an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person;
2. Data: Data is synonymous with information in this Policy.
3. ‘processing’ means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, holding, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction;
II.Cookies & Similar Technologies
To ensure our website works correctly, we may at times place a small piece of data known as a cookie on your computer or mobile device. A cookie is a text file stored by a web server on a computer or mobile device. The content of a cookie can be retrieved or read only by the server that creates the cookie. The text in a cookie often consists of identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. Cookies are unique to the browsers or mobile applications you use, and enable websites to store data.
1. How we use Cookie
Cookies may enable previously stored information to be retrieved when you visit our website in the future. For example, user habits statistics, such as the time you spend and keywords for retrieving information when using the relevant services. We do not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this Policy. You can manage or delete cookies based on your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer or mobile device, and you have the right to accept or reject cookies. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can usually modify your browser's Settings to reject cookies as you see fit; In addition, you can also clear all cookies saved in the software. However, you may not be able to fully experience some of our convenience and security service features.
2. How we use other similar technologies
In addition to cookies, our web pages often contain electronic images (called "single pixel" GIF files or "web beacons") and other similar technologies that can help websites count users browsing the web or access certain cookies. We use web beacons in the following ways:
2.1 We use network Beacon on our website to calculate the number of user visits and identify registered users by accessing cookies.
2.2 We can provide personalized services on our website through the Cookie information we receive.
III. Processing of Personal Data & The purpose of processing
1. collection
You directly provide us with personal data when you use our websites, products, or services, or interact with us by, for example, contacting us for support.
We may also obtain personal data by recording how you interact with our websites, products, or services.
Examples of how we might collect personal data is as follows：
1.1 Website：
https://www.espressif.com/en
1.1.1 “Subscribe”→“PCNs/ Advisories/ Newsletters/ Technical Documents”
1.1.2 “Contact Us” →“ Sales Questions/ Circuit Schematic & PCB Design Review/ Become Our Supplier/ Comments & Suggestions”
1.1.3 “Company”→“ Investor Relations”
1.1.4 “Join Us”
1.2 Other ways
1.2.1 Email
1.2.2 phone
1.3 Type and purpose of collection
The personal data we collect includes name, gender, enterprise name, job position, postal and email addresses, phone number, login information (account and password), photos, and certificate information, etc., depending on how you interact with Espressif, for example, through our website, our products and/or our services. We also collect personal data from the information provided to us and the content of messages sent to us, such as the query information, or the questions or information to our customer service support. We collect information for the same purposes as stated in "Use and Process" below.
2. storage
We may retain your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes stated in this Policy, unless otherwise extending the retention period is required or permitted by law. The data storage period may vary with scenario, product, and service. The standards Espressif uses to determine the retention period are as follows: the time required to retain personal data to fulfill business purposes, including providing products and services; maintaining corresponding transaction and business records; controlling and improving the performance and quality of products and services; ensuring the security of systems, products, and services; handling possible user queries or complaints and locating problems; whether the user agrees to a longer retention period; and whether the laws, contracts, and other equivalencies have special requirements for data retention; etc. We may maintain your account registration information for so long as you maintain an account with us or for so long as it is necessary for us to provide services to you.
We will cease to retain your personal data, or remove the means by which the data can be associated with you, as soon as it is reasonable to assume that such retention no longer serves the purpose for which the personal data was collected, and is no longer necessary for legal or business purposes.
3. use & processing
We may collect your personal data for any of the following purposes：
Provide mail subscription services; Enable the system to identify devices; Develop potential customers, employees, investors, suppliers and partners; Communicate with existing or potential customers, employees, investors, suppliers and partners; Provide products and/or services to customers, employees, investors, suppliers and partners; Statistics; Take necessary safety measures; Manage your relationship with us; Comply with any applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, or rules, or to assist in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or regulatory authority; any incidental business purposes related to or in connection with any of the foregoing;
We will use your personal data for the following purposes：
Creating an account; fulfilling your transaction or service requests, including fulfilling orders; delivering, activating, or verifying products or services; fulfilling your requests for changes or providing you with the requested information; providing technical support; contacting you with your consent; sending you information about products and services that may interest you; inviting you to participate in Espressif activities, market surveys, or satisfaction surveys; sending you marketing information; sending you important notices, such as installation of and updates to operating system or application; providing you with customized user experience and content; synchronizing, sharing, and storing the data you upload or download and the data needed for the uploading and downloading; ensuring the security of our products, services and customers or users, executing and improving our loss prevention and anti-fraud programs; processing your personal data with your consent; and any other purpose or legitimate interests described in this Policy or as permitted under applicable law.
4. transmission & provision
Espressif may share your personal data with other partners, as described in this Policy, when services are provided by partners authorized by Espressif.
We require organizations outside of the Espressif Group, which handle or obtain personal data as service providers to us, to comply with all applicable data protection laws (including, but not limited to, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, Chinese Personal Information Protection Law and Singapore’s Personal Data Protection Act 2012). As a requirement under these laws, we may be required to have specific agreements in place with such third parties to regulate and safeguard your data protection rights.
Your personal data may be stored in locations overseas or in countries outside of your country of residence, in electronic or other medium. In addition, as a global company, it may be necessary to share your personal data with and between our related corporations and affiliates, and third party service providers, some of which may be located in countries outside your country of residence for the purposes set out in this Policy. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data transferred outside of your country of residence is adequately protected. In addition, we will ensure that such transfers comply with the requirements of the applicable data protection laws. Espressif will require these third parties to adhere to at least the same level of privacy protection as set out in this Policy.
5. deletion
You can choose to deregister your account. After you deregister your account, we will stop providing you with products and services through your account and delete your relevant personal data, provided that deletion is not otherwise stipulated by special legal requirements. The right of and deletion can be exercised by contacting us directly.
6. access and correction
If you wish to make (a) an access request for access to a copy of the personal data which we hold about you or information about the ways in which we use or disclose your personal data; or (b) a correction request to correct or update any of your personal data which we hold about you, you may submit your request in writing or via email to us, and the contact information is provided in Section 9 of this Policy.
Please note that a reasonable fee may be charged for an access request. If so, we will inform you of the fee before processing your request.
We will respond to your request as soon as reasonably possible. Should we not be able to respond to your request within thirty (30) days after receiving your request, we will inform you in writing within thirty (30) days of the time by which we will be able to respond to your request. If we are unable to provide you with any personal data or to make a correction requested by you, we shall generally inform you of the reasons why we are unable to do so (except where we are not required to do so under applicable law).
Ⅳ. How We Protect Your Personal Data
The security of your personal data is important to us In order to protect your personal data, we will take reasonable and necessary administrative, physical and technical measures to protect your personal data, such as taking physical protection, security technology, management system and other measures to reduce the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and change, including but not limited to SSL encrypted transmission, firewall and encrypted storage, physical access control and information access authorization control. We will also use cryptographic technologies for data confidentiality, protection mechanisms to prevent attacks, and access control mechanisms to permit only authorized access to your personal data. We also provide training on security and privacy protection for employees to raise their awareness of personal data protection. However, you should be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure. While security cannot be guaranteed, we strive to protect the security of your personal data and are constantly reviewing and enhancing our information security measures.
We have a network security incident emergency plan to timely deal with system vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusion and other security risks. In the event of an incident endangering network security, we will immediately launch the emergency plan, take corresponding remedial measures, and report to the relevant competent authorities or notify individuals in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
V. Consent
Consent shall be voluntarily and explicitly given by the individual on a fully informed basis.
We will generally seek your consent before collecting your personal data in accordance with this Policy and any corresponding supplementary agreement, if any (except where permitted or authorized by applicable law). The consent that you provide for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data will remain valid until such time it is being withdrawn by you in writing.
You may withdraw consent and request us to stop collecting, using and/or disclosing your personal data for any or all of the purposes listed above by submitting your request in writing or via email to us, and the contact information is provided in Section 9 of this Policy.
Upon receipt of your written request to withdraw your consent, we may require reasonable time (depending on the complexity of the request and its impact on our relationship with you) for your request to be processed and for us to notify you of the consequences of us acceding to the same, including any legal consequences which may affect your rights and liabilities to us.
Whilst we respect your decision to withdraw your consent, please note that depending on the nature and scope of your request, we may not be in a position to continue providing our goods or services to you and we shall, in such circumstances, notify you before completing the processing of your request. Should you decide to cancel your withdrawal of consent, please inform us in writing in the manner described above. Please note that withdrawing consent does not affect our right to continue to collect, use and disclose personal data where such collection, use and disclosure without consent is permitted or required under applicable laws.
Separate instructions will be provided where separate consent or written consent is required.
VI. Protection of minors's Personal Data
Our websites, products and services are primarily intended for adults. A child must not create an Espressif account without the consent of a parent or guardian. If a child's personal data is collected with prior parental consent, we will only use or disclose the data as permitted by law, with the explicit consent of the child's parents or guardians, or when necessary for the protection of the child. If we accidentally collect a child's personal data without verified prior consent from the child's parents, we will attempt to delete the data as soon as possible.
VII. Third-Party Provider and Their Services
To ensure a positive user experience, you may receive content or web links from third parties other than Espressif and its partners ("third parties"). Espressif does not have the right to control such third parties, but you can choose whether to access or use the links, view the content and/or access the products or services provided by third parties.
Espressif cannot control the privacy practices and data protection policies of third parties that are not subject to this Policy. When you submit personal data to such a third party, please read and refer to the privacy protection policy of the third party.
VIII. Updates to This Policy
Espressif reserves the right to update or change this Policy at any time. We will release the latest Privacy Policy on this page for any changes. If major changes are made to the Privacy Policy, we may notify you through different channels, for example, posting a notice on our website or sending you direct notification.
IX. How to Contact Us
You may contact us through the following ways.
E-mail:
legal@espressif.com
Website:
https://www.espressif.com/en/contact-us/comments-and-suggestions
/