Scroll
Privacy & Terms
Privacy Policy
FitMind: Mental Fitness - November 17, 2022
We respect your concerns about privacy and value our relationship with you. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through the websites, web pages, interactive features, applications, and their respective contents at
fitmind.com
and the “FitMind” application, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology.
Purposes of processing data include: improve products and services, improve marketing efforts, inform users of special offers and product changes, provide customer support.
We do not collect personal information with the following exceptions:
Client communication records may be retained to ensure quality.
Personal information that you choose to provide in the app, such as name and email address.
Any information that we collect from you about another person to carry out your request.
Third-party entities we have entered agreement with may collect the following data:
Social media profile information; account login information; user statistics such as app or web engagement; payment information; personal identification; relevant information for social platform sharing; friends lists; other personal information including birthdate, location, or IP address; advertising profiles; spending trends; and other information. The exception is health-related data, which we never share with third-parties (read more under 'About HealthKit').
The information collected by third-parties does not get stored by us. We immediately discard all information with the exception of name, email address, and non-identifiable usage statistics.
We have limited control over how third-party entities handle user data. However they are subject to the same laws and regulations, and make clear their own behavior within their privacy policies. Please refer to these third-party entities' privacy policies.
Potential handling of user data by third-parties may include: enabling functionality, processing payments and completing transactions, verifying identities, more accurately serving advertisements, tracking usage statistics, improving services, and more.
Some of the user data collected by third-parties through our apps and/or services can be excluded by not using the respective login/permissions options. Other information (such as usage statistics and trends) will be gathered simply by using these apps and/or services.
At time of writing, third-parties collecting user data through our apps or other services include: Branch, Mixpanel, OneSignal, Squarespace, RevenueCat, Facebook, Mailchimp, Apple, Google, and the iTunes Affiliate Network.
To collect this information, we, or third-party service providers, may use cookies or a similar technology. “Cookies” are small blocks of data created by the server while a user is browsing a website and stored to the user’s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the browser or store settings or information within the browser. We, or third-party service providers, use cookies to recognize you when you return to our website, ensure our services are working properly, and save your preferences (such as your cookie handling preference).
Data Deletion Requests: In most circumstances, you have the right to request that we delete the personal information we collected from you, except where we are required to retain the data by law, regulation, or to protect the security, safety or integrity of the services. To have your personal information permanently anonymized (unless exception applies) contact us at: team@fitmind.com
Apple HealthKit: Apple iOS users may opt-in to allow Mindful Minutes tracking. This information is used to provide health services and to display health data in Apple's health app. This information is never shared with third-parties or used for marketing purposes.
We may occasionally update this privacy policy. When we do, we will post these changes on this web page, so check back in to stay informed. If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please contact us at: team@fitmind.com
Terms & Conditions
FitMind: Mental Fitness - March 2, 2022
All guided meditation sessions and lessons delivered via our mobile app or website are owned by FitMind LLC. Reproducing or redistributing any of this material without the permission of FitMind is against the law and will be subject to criminal prosecution and/or fines and litigation. If you have a use-case that you would like us to consider, don't hesitate to get in touch. We will happily review your proposal.
Links in the FitMind app may be provided as a convenience to you. Your dealings with third-parties through links to such third-party websites are solely between you and such third-parties.
Payments made via iOS mobile app will be charged to iTunes account upon confirmation of purchase. Subscriptions automatically renew within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period at the same cost of the original subscription period unless otherwise noted. Your monthly subscription continues until canceled by you, or if we terminate access to the app. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be inactivated by going to the user's account settings. We reserve the right to terminate your subscription and access to the app at our sole discretion at any time.
Use of the FitMind services takes place at the sole discretion of the individual user or supervising guardian. FitMind assumes zero responsibility in any health-related problems arising from proper or improper use of the FitMind services. Participants understand that neither FitMind nor Liam McClintock are acting as a licensed mental health counselor or therapist. Furthermore, participants agree not to hold FitMind or Liam McClintock responsible for any present, pre-existing, or unknown emotional or physical condition that may be realized or actualized by the app and other offerings.
The services provided in this app are not intended as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment, and do not constitute medical or other professional advice. Reliance on any information provided through the app's services is solely at your own risk. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something that you have read, seen, or heard on the FitMind app. If you have any questions about your physical or mental health, you should consult your healthcare professionals, and if you find any decrease in your mental wellbeing through use of this app, please cease to use the services provided here immediately. Always consult with medical experts or licensed clinical professionals when working with serious disorders or health concerns.
If you have any questions or comments about these Terms, please contact us at: team@fitmind.com
New Page