You can try DojoExpert for FREE 14 days
Click
here
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Thanks for using DojoExpert or visiting one of our websites. This policy explains the what, how, and why of the information we collect when you visit one of our websites, or when you use our Services. It also explains the specific ways we use and disclose that information. We take your privacy extremely seriously, and we never sell your data or email addresses.
THE BASICS
Definitions
These definitions should help you understand this policy. When we say “we,” “us,” “our,” and “DojoExpert,” we are referring to Link Lab j.d.o.o., limited liability company based in Croatia, Perini 14, Sv.Lovrec, and to Link Lab information technologies limited, limited liability company based in Ireland, Landscape House, 
Baldonnell Business Park, Dublin D22 P3K7. We provide online platforms that you may use to manage your school, market to or stay in contact with your members, including creating, sending, and managing emails and other information related to your Members (the “Services”). When we say “Member,” we are referring to the person or entity that is a member or potential member (contact) of your school and which data you manage through our Services, and which you might choose to contact through the use of our Services. When we say “you” or “Users” we are referring either to a Member or to some other person who visits any of our Websites. In other words, a Member is anyone about whom 
                  you have given us information and “User” is you who uses our Services (website and apps). “Personal Information” means any information that identifies or can be used to identify you or a Member, directly or indirectly, including, but not limited to, first and last name, date of birth, email address, gender, occupation or other demographic information.
We offer the Services on at least our websites http://www.dojoexpert.com. This Privacy Policy applies to these specific websites, as well as any other sites or mobile applications owned or operated by us (each a “Website” and together the “Websites”). The “Websites” include the Websites themselves, and any web pages, interactive features, applications, widgets, blogs, social networks, social network “tabs,” or other online, mobile, or wireless offerings that post a link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer, mobile device, or other technology, manner or means. While providing the Services, and as described in more detail below, we may collect Personal Information about a Website visitor, Member, or you.
Changes
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. All updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of this Privacy Policy or other notice on the Website. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy often to stay informed of changes that may affect you, as your continued use of the Website signifies your continuing consent to be bound by this Privacy Policy. Our electronically or otherwise properly stored copies of this Privacy Policy are each deemed to be the true, complete, valid, authentic, and enforceable copy of the version of this Privacy Policy which were in effect on each respective date you visited the Website.
Scope
This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to any data that we have collected, or collect, about and/or from you, according to our
Terms of Use
.
Questions & Concerns
If you have any questions or comments, or if you want to update, delete, or change any Personal Information we hold, or you have a concern about the way in which we have handled any privacy matter, please use our
contact form
to send us a message. You may also contact us by postal mail or email at:
Link Lab j.d.o.o.
Perini 14
52448 Sv.Lovrec
Croatia
support@dojoexpert.com
YOUR INFORMATION
Information We Collect
(a) Terms 
                  of Use and in this Privacy Policy.
(b)
Information we collect automatically:
When you use the Services or browse one of our Websites, we may collect information about your visit to our Websites, your usage of the Services, and your web browsing. That information may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about how you interacted with our Websites or other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is discussed more below, and in more detail in our Cookie Statement.
(c)
Email information:
When you create an email with the Services, we have and may access the data and information in your email.
(d)
Information from your use of the Service:
We may receive information about how and when you use the Services, store it in log files or other types of files associated with your account, and link it to other information we collect about you. This information may include, for example, your IP address, time, date, browser used, and actions you have taken within the application. This type of information helps us to improve our Services for both you and for all of our users.
(e)
Cookies and tracking:
We and our partners may use various technologies to collect and store information when you use our Services, and this may include using cookies and similar tracking technologies on our Website, such as pixels and web beacons, to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, serve targeted advertisements, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. We partner with third parties to display advertising on our website or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners may use cookies or similar tracking technologies in order to provide you advertising or other content based upon your browsing activities and interests. If 
                  you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click
http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/
(or if located in the European Union click
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note you might continue to receive generic ads. For more information about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, as well as how to opt out of the use of cookies, please refer to our Cookie Statement.
(f)
Web beacons:
We use web beacons on our Websites and in our emails. When we send emails to Members, we may track behavior such as who opened the emails and who clicked the links. This allows us to measure the performance of our email campaigns and to improve our features for specific segments of Members. To do this, we include single pixel gifs, also called web beacons, in emails we send. Web beacons allow us to collect information about when you open the email, your IP address, your browser or email client type, and other similar details. We also include Web Beacons in the emails we deliver for you. We use the data from those Web Beacons to create reports about how your email campaign performed and what actions your Members took. Reports are also available to us when we send email to you, so we 
                  may collect and review that information.
(g)
Information from the use of our Mobile Apps:
When you use our mobile apps, we may collect certain information in addition to information described elsewhere in this Policy. For example, we may collect information about the type of device and operating system you use. We may ask you if you want to receive push notifications about activity in your account. If you have opted in to these notifications and no longer want to receive them, you may turn them off through your operating system. We do not ask for, access or track any location-based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Apps or Services. We may use mobile analytics software (such as
Fabric.io
) 
                  to better understand how people use our application. We may collect information about how often you use the application and other performance data.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We may use and disclose Personal Information only for the following purposes:
(a)
To promote use of our services to you and others.
For example, if we collect your Personal Information when you visit our Website and do not sign up for any of the Services, we may send you an email inviting you to sign up. If you use any of our Services and we think you might benefit from using another Service we offer, we may send you an email about that. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email we send. In addition, we may use information we collect in order to advertise our Services to you or suggest additional features of our Services that you might consider using. In addition, we may use your Personal Information to advertise our Services to potential or other users like you. For more information on how we use cookies 
                  or other tracking technologies for these purposes, as well as how to opt out of the use of cookies, please see our Cookie Statement.
(b)
To send you informational and promotional content in accordance with your marketing preferences.
You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email.
(c)
To bill and collect money owed to us.
This includes sending you emails, invoices, receipts, notices of delinquency, and alerting you if we need a different credit card number. We use third parties for secure credit card transaction processing, and we send billing information to those third parties to process your orders and credit card payments.
(d)
To send you System Alert messages.
For example, we may inform you of temporary or permanent changes to our Services, such as planned outages, new features, version updates, releases, abuse warnings, and changes to our Privacy Policy.
(e)
To communicate with our Users about their account and provide customer support.
(f)
To enforce compliance with our Terms of Use and applicable law.
This may include developing tools and algorithms that help us prevent violations.
(g)
To protect the rights and safety of our Users and third parties, as well as our own.
(h)
To meet legal requirements,
including complying with court orders, valid discovery requests, valid subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
(i)
To provide information to representatives and advisors
, including attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements.
(j)
To prosecute and defend a court, arbitration, or similar legal proceeding.
(k)
To respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
(l)
To provide, support, and improve the Services we offer.
This includes our use of the data that our Users provide us in order to enable our Users to use the Services to communicate with their Members. This also includes, for example, aggregating information from your use of the Services or visit to our Websites and sharing this information with third parties to improve our Services. This might also include sharing your information or the information you provide us about your Members with third parties in order to provide and support our Services or to make certain features of the Services available to you. When we do have to share Personal Information with third parties, we take steps to protect your information by requiring these third parties to enter into a contract with us that requires them 
                  to use the Personal Information we transfer to them in a manner that is consistent with this policy.
(m)
To transfer your information
in the case of a sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, reorganization, or acquisition. In that event, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy, including your rights to access and choice. We will notify you of the change either by sending you an email or posting a notice on our Website.
Combined Information:
We may combine Personal Information with other information we collect or obtain about you (such as information we source from our third party partners), to serve you specifically, such as to deliver a product or service according to your preferences or restrictions, or for advertising or targeting purposes in accordance with this Privacy Policy. When we combine Personal Information with other information in this way, we treat it as, and apply all of the safeguards in this Privacy Policy applicable to, Personal Information.
Data Collected for and by our Users
As you use our Services, you may import into our system Personal Information you have collected from your Members or other individuals. We have no direct relationship with your Members or any person other than you, and for that reason, you are responsible for making sure you have the appropriate permission for us to collect and process information about those individuals. Consistent with the uses of Personal Information covered in Section 6, we may transfer Personal Information of you or your Members to companies that help us promote, provide, or support our Services or the services of our service providers. All Service Providers enter into a contract with us that protects Personal Information and restricts their use of any Personal Information consistent with this policy. As part of our Services, we may use and incorporate into features information you have provided, we have collected from you, or we have collected about your Members. We may share this information, including Member 
                  email addresses, with third parties in line with the approved uses in Section 6.
If you are a Member and no longer want to be contacted by one of our Users, please unsubscribe directly from that Users newsletter or contact the User directly to update or delete your data. If you contact us, we may remove or update your information within a reasonable time and after providing notice to the User of your request.
We will retain Personal Information we process on behalf of our Users for as long as needed to provide our Services or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent abuse, and enforce our agreements.
Public Information and Third Party Websites
(a) Social media platforms and widgets. Our Websites include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. We also maintain presences on social media platforms including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Any information, communications, or materials you submit to us via a social media platform is done at your own risk without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of these platforms or the actions of the platforms themselves. Your interactions with those features and platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
(b) Links to third-party websites. Our Websites include links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be different from ours. If you submit Personal Information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Website you visit.
Third Parties
We may disclose Personal Information to the following types of third parties for the purposes described in this policy:
(a) Service Providers. Sometimes, we share your information with our third party Service Providers, who help us provide and support our Services. For example, if it is necessary to provide you something you have requested (like enable a feature), then we may share your and/or your Mermbers’ Personal Information with a Service Provider for that purpose. Just like with the other third parties we work with, these third party Service Providers enter into a contract that requires them to use your Personal Information only for the provision of services to us and in a manner that is consistent with this policy. Examples of Service Providers include payment processors, hosting services and content delivery services.
(b) Advertising partners. We may partner with third party advertising networks and exchanges to display advertising on our Websites or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites and may share Personal Information with them for this purpose. All third parties with which we share this information are required to use your Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with this policy. We and our third party partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as pixels and web beacons, to gather information about your activities on our Websites and other sites in order to provide you with targeted advertising based on your browsing activities and interests. For more information about cookies and other tracking technologies, please see our Cookie Statement.
Contest and Sweepstakes
We may, from time to time, offer surveys, contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions on our Websites or through social media (collectively “Our Promotions”). Participation in our Promotions is completely voluntary. Information requested for entry may include personal contact information such as your name, address, date of birth, phone number, email address, username, and similar details. We use the information you provide to administer Our Promotions. We may also, unless prohibited by the Promotion’s rules or law, use the information provided to communicate with you, or other people you select, about our Services. We may share this information with our affiliates and other organizations or Service Providers in line with this policy and the rules posted for the Promotion.
Content of Email Campaigns
When you send an email marketing campaign, it bounces from server to server as it crosses the Internet. Along the way, server administrators can read what you send. Email was not built for confidential information. Please do not use DojoExpert to send confidential information.
Sometimes we review the content of our Users’ email campaigns to make sure they comply with our Terms of Use. To improve that process, we have software that helps us find email campaigns that may violate our Terms. Our employees or independent contractors may review those particular email campaigns. This benefits all Users who comply with our Terms of Use because it reduces the amount of spam being sent through our servers and helps us maintain high deliverability.
YOUR MEMBERS RECORDS
Your Members Records (data)
A Member record can be created trough DojoExpert web app or mobile app, and in a number of different ways, including by importing data that you send to us, such as through csv or Excel. Your Members records are stored on a secure server. We do not, under any circumstances, sell your members records or any data. If someone on your Members records complains or contacts us, we might then contact that person. Only authorized employees have access to view Members records. You may export (download) your Members records from DojoExpert at any time.
We will use and disclose the information in your Members records only for the reasons discussed in Sections 6-9.
If we detect abusive or illegal behaviour related to your Members records, we may share your Members records or portions of it with affected ISPs or anti-spam organizations.
SECURITY
Notice of Breach of Security
If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you or people on your Members, then DojoExpert will notify you as soon as possible and later report the action we took in response.
Safeguarding Your Information
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Information.
Our credit card processing vendor uses security measures to protect your information both during the transaction and after it is complete. Our vendor is certified as compliant with card association security initiatives
DojoExpert accounts require a username and password to log in. You must keep your username and password secure, and never disclose it to a third party. Because the information in your Members records is so sensitive, account passwords are encrypted, which means we cannot see your passwords. We cannot resend forgotten passwords either. We will only reset them.
COMPLIANCE
We Operate in the European Union
Our offices are located in European Union, so your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in European Union. Our server is located in USA. By using our Websites, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to our facilities in European Union and server in USA and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this policy.
Members located in Australia
If you are a Member who lives in Australia, this Section applies to you. We are subject to the operation of the
Privacy Act 1988
(“
Australian Privacy Act
”). Here are the specific points you should be aware of:
Where we say we assume an obligation about Personal Information, we are also requiring our subcontractors to undertake a similar obligation, where relevant.
We will not use or disclose Personal Information for the purpose of our direct marketing to you unless: you have consented to receive direct marketing; you would reasonably expect us to use your personal details for the marketing; or we believe you may be interested in the material but it is impractical for us to obtain your consent. You may opt out of any marketing materials we send to you through an unsubscribe mechanism or by contacting us directly. If you have requested not to receive further direct marketing messages, we may continue to provide you with messages that are not regarded as “direct marketing” under the Australian Privacy Act, including changes to our terms, system alerts, and other information related to your account.
Our servers are primarily located in USA. In addition, we or our subcontractors, may use cloud technology to store or process Personal Information, which may result in storage of data outside Australia. It is not practicable for us to specify in advance which country will have jurisdiction over this type of off-shore activity. All of our subcontractors, however, are required to comply with the Australian Privacy Act in relation to the transfer or storage of Personal Information overseas.
If you think the information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, we will take reasonable steps, consistent with our obligations under the Australian Privacy Act, to correct that information upon your request.
If you are unsatisfied with our response to a privacy matter then you may consult either an independent advisor or contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner for additional help. We will provide our full cooperation if you pursue this course of action.
Accuracy and Retention of Data
We do our best to keep your data accurate and up to date, to the extent that you provide us with the information we need to do so. If your data changes (for example, if you have a new email address), then you are responsible for notifying us of those changes. Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your Personal Information. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as long as needed to provide you with our Services. We may also retain and use your information in order to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent abuse, and enforce our Agreements.
Access
We will give an individual, either you or a Member, access to any Personal Information we hold about them within 30 days of any request for that information. Individuals may request to access, correct, amend or delete information we hold about them by
contacting us
. Unless it is prohibited by law, we will remove any Personal Information about an individual, either you or a Member, from our servers at your or their request. There is no charge for an individual to access or update their Personal Information.
California Privacy
Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of Personal Information, such as name, email and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us through our
contact form
or email.
Thanks for taking the time to learn about our Privacy Policy, and thanks for trusting us to handle your data.
Updated May 20, 2018