Home
Online Privacy Statement
American Express®
Online Privacy Statement
Important Links
Privacy Principles
About cookies
Set Cookie Preferences
Set E-mail Preferences
Online Privacy Statement
Binding Corporate Rules
Cardmember Privacy Statement
Effective Date: June 2023
American Express® (American Express Services Europe Ltd., American Express Payment Services Ltd and American Express Europe LLC): is committed to protecting your privacy. For the contact details of our Data Protection Officer please see the “Contacting Us” section below.
In this Online Privacy Statement (“Statement”), we outline what Personal Information we, in our capacity as controller, collect about you online, why we collect it and how we access, use, disclose, and protect it in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the UK General Data Protection Regulation. Personal Information is any information relating to you as an identified or identifiable natural person, such as your name, addresses, telephone number, and email address and other information specific to you such as your IP address, details provided in your application form such as your income and/or transaction information. This Statement applies to Personal Information we collect online through:
services we operate such as our websites and mobile “apps”; and
services or content we offer on third party platforms, such as our electronic communications, social media pages, voice assistant apps, and digital ads
This Statement also applies to all other services or content that link to or reference this Statement, for example online services provided to you as a cardmember.
Here’s something to keep in mind
We may provide you with more details about how we use Personal Information about you, depending on the product or service you use. In this case, we’ll provide additional Terms & Conditions, privacy statements, or notices. For example, your
Cardmember Privacy Statement
includes more specific details about how we use information tied to your card. This Statement doesn’t apply to services operated by American Express that have their own privacy statements.
Third-party services, such as social media sites, have terms that explain how they handle information about you. Please take a moment to review the terms of any other online services you use.
Our websites and apps are not intended for children. We don’t knowingly collect information online from, or market online to, children under 13 years of age.
What’s in this Statement?
A. Information We Collect
B. Use of Information
C. Disclosure of Personal Information
D. Aggregated anonymised information
E. Security
F. Your Rights
G. Your Choices
H. Contacting Us
I. Changes to This Statement
A.      INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The type of Personal Information we collect depends on the product or service you use. We’ll only collect Personal Information about you where we have a lawful basis to do so. Please see “Use of Personal Information” below for details of the lawful basis we rely on.
In some cases, we collect Personal Information if you directly provide it to us. For example, we may collect Personal Information such as your name, account number, date of birth, address, phone number, and/or email address. When you interact online with the American Express website, we may also process digital data and other Personal Information originating from your online behaviour, such as your IP address or whether you have previously visited us online during the application process.
For instance, we collect Personal Information directly from you as well as from different sources depending on which product or service you request or use. For instance, we collect Personal Information about you when you:
apply for an American Express product or service online;
access our online account services;
book a flight through American Express Travel or purchase something on our websites;
enroll in an American Express offer, participate in a promotion or take one of our surveys.
We may collect Personal Information from third parties, including:
credit reference agencies and fraud prevention organisations;
our Business Partners which include third parties with whom we conduct business or have a contractual relationship, such as co-brand partners or merchants, media monitoring and online reputation management companies or partners with whom you have consented to sharing information with us for marketing purposes or aggregated data for statistical analysis purposes.
If you apply for an American Express card account, we may collect more detailed Personal Information such as your employment details or your income. Please see our Cardmember Privacy Statement for more detail on the Personal Information collected for a card application. The information collected under our Cardmember Privacy Statement explains how we use your
Personal Information
to provide cards and for related services.
Please note that we may also collect special categories of Personal Information (such as information regarding health or biometric data). For example, we may collect biometric data for the purpose of identity authentication, or we may collect health data for certain insurance products. We’ll use this information only as permitted or required by law, or where provided by you with your explicit consent.
Cookies and similar technologies
We also collect Personal Information through cookies and similar technologies when you use our online services or access our content online. A cookie is a small data file that a website transfers to your computer.
We place cookies when you visit our website or another company’s website where our ads appear or when you make purchases, request or personalise information, or register for certain services. We use “essential cookies” for the running of our website. These cookies cannot be turned off, because our website would not work without them. We also would like to set other cookies to provide you with additional functionality, track the performance of our website to optimise your experience, and to provide you with marketing. We will only set these cookies with your consent. This includes sharing information with third parties to serve you ads on other websites. If you consent to these cookies used on our website by either clicking the “Accept All” button or customizing your preferences, websites that are “powered by” another company on our behalf, or websites where our ads appear, give us access to information about your interests. We use that information to personalise your experience.
Similar technologies include clear GIFs, web beacons, and pixel tags, which tend to be transparent images on websites. Our cookies and similar technologies collect information about your device, operating system and web browser. They also collect information about your use of the device, as described in more detail below.
Most cookies and similar technologies will only collect de-identified information such as how you arrive at our website or your general location. However, certain cookies and similar technologies do collect Personal Information. For example, if you click “remember me” when you log in to our website, a cookie will store your username.
Cookies and similar technologies may collect Personal Information that includes:
the device(s) you use (for example, the operating system or type of device you use to open electronic communications from American Express);
information related to your IP address, such as your domain information, internet provider and general geographic location;
how you use our websites and apps, such as what you search for on our websites and apps, the pages you view, how long you stay and how often you visit them;
how you search for our websites or apps, which website or app you came from, and which of our business or commercial partners’ websites you visit;
which ads or online content from us and our business or commercial partners you view, access or click on;
whether you open our electronic communications, which sections you click, or how often you open them
If you use your mobile device to access our products or services, we may collect information related to that device, such as your location to provide location-based content you request.
For more information about cookies and similar technologies, please refer to our policy “About Cookies and Similar Technologies”.
Other Sources of Information
We may obtain Personal Information about you from other sources and combine it with information we collect under this Statement. For example, we may obtain information about other American Express products and services you use, in accordance with those privacy notices. In accordance with your Cardmember Privacy Statement, we may collect information from your paper application form and your card transactions. We may also obtain Personal Information from publicly available records or databases or third-party sources, such as credit bureaus or business and commercial partners.
B.      USE OF INFORMATION
We use Personal Information about you either on its own or combined with other information. We need a “lawful reason” under data protection laws to process your Personal Information, which are as follows: (i) where it is necessary to administer our contractual relationship with you; (ii) for our own legitimate interests to provide you with better products and services (such as to reduce fraud); (iii) where we have obtained your consent, such as for certain marketing purposes; or (iv) for compliance with laws. Please note that we consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights before processing your Personal Information for our legitimate interest.
(i)    More specifically, to administer our contractual relationship with you and deliver products and services, including, for instance, to:
process your applications for our products, including making decisions about whether to approve your application;
process and complete transactions;
manage your accounts;
update you about new features and benefits attached to the products or services that you requested;
provide location-based services you may request;
better communicate with you;
provide you with open banking services (see the Open banking section for more information).
(ii)    For our legitimate interests or for the legitimate interests of others, we may use Personal Information about you to:
conduct research and analysis to better understand our online visitors, customers and our business, including to:
request feedback or reviews about our products and services and those of our commercial and business partners;
determine the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns;
improve our websites or apps and make them easier to use;
place you in groups with similar customers to deliver products or services which may be more suitable for you or suit your preferences;
present tailored offers within your online cardmember account (where relevant)
manage our business risks, such as fraud, credit and security risks, including to:
detect and prevent fraud or criminal activity and safeguard your accounts, including by using the location and other technical attributes of your mobile device or browser;
review and approve individual transactions you make through digital channels;
develop and refine our risk management policies, models and procedures for applications and customer accounts;
inform our collection practices and share Personal Information with credit reference agencies and fraud-management agencies (for more information, see the Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (CRAIN) at
www.transunion.co.uk/crain
,
www.equifax.co.uk/crain
and
www.experian.co.uk/crain
).
advertise and market our products and services and those of our business and commercial partners, which we think you will be interested in based on your relationship with us (by email, SMS or telephone (for example - if you call us)), if you are an existing or potential customer, including to present content that is tailored to your interests, including targeted advertising across multiple devices (see the Digital Advertising section for more information). We would do this only where the law allows for this on the basis of legitimate interests and, where relevant, an opt-out.
conduct online research using social media and other publicly available sources to:
identify risks to our brand, products and services and respond appropriately. We may collect and process publicly available information and/or information you publicly post on social media platforms to identify and respond to (i) brand and reputation risks; (ii) security threats and large-scale fraud attempts; (iii) customer account servicing related issues and (iv) litigation actions.
engage with influencers to ensure that our values are aligned and evaluate potential partnership opportunities.
Note that for the purposes of conducting online research to identify risks to our brand or where we do this to engage with influencers (as set out respectively within the above two bullets), we may also process special categories of Personal Information (such as political opinions) that you have directly made public (including from your public social media posts), in which case the processing relates to information which has been manifestly made public by you.
(iii)   With your consent (note you will always know when we are relying on your consent to use your personal data as we will ask you for opt-in permission first), to:
promote our products and services;
send you ads, promotions, and offers about products and services for companies within the American Express group and those of our business and commercial partners;
make predictions about you to deliver more personalized services and marketing specific products or services to you;
recognise you when you return to our websites, receive our emails, or use our apps including across multiple devices (for example, to send you tailored ads, promotions, offers or content, including targeted advertising). Please refer to the “Cookies and Similar Technologies” section above for more information.
(iv)  To comply with applicable laws and regulation around the world, we may use Personal Information about you:
to establish, exercise, or defend legal rights or claims and assist in dispute resolution;
for reasons of substantial public interest (including for instance the use of your biometric information such as your ID voice print) for security verification and fraud prevention purposes;
as required or permitted by law (such as performing due diligence on you before approving your application).
Open banking
We may use your Personal Information to provide our open banking services. Those services include:
providing you with consolidated information on one or more payment account(s) that you hold with one or more bank(s) or payment institution(s); or
contacting your bank to perform a credit transfer to a merchant, for example, when you use our Pay With Bank Transfer service (which allows you, for instance, to pay for any purchase made on a participating website directly from your bank account, with your money being sent directly to the merchant's bank account).
In this context, we will process your Personal Information to provide you with the regulated open banking services or as otherwise described in this “Use of Personal Information” section.
Automated decision making
We may use fully automated processes to help us make certain decisions, including to evaluate certain attributes about you to provide our services. For example, we may use such processes to:
assess security risks, detect and manage fraud;
process card applications; or
assess credit risks, including to check if you meet our eligibility criteria and decide whether we can issue you a card.
This is known as “automated decision making”, These decisions are based on Personal Information that we lawfully obtain, such as Personal Information that you provided in your application form (including your reported income), your payment history with American Express, and Personal Information we obtain from third parties, such as credit bureaus. We also look at digital data (such as information about your device, browser, or patterns in your online interactions with American Express) to help us detect fraud. These methods are regularly tested to ensure that they remain fair, effective and unbiased.
Some of those decisions that are made solely by automated means have legal effects or similar effects, such as the denial or approval of credit or card applications. However, we will only perform such processing if it’s:
necessary for entering into or performing a contract between you and American Express;
authorized by a law to which American Express is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests;or
based on your explicit consent to such processing.
Where we use automated decision making for entering into or performing a contract with you, or based on your consent, you have the right to contest the decision made and request human intervention. Please see the section “Your Rights” for more information about your rights related to automated decision making.
Digital Advertising
We advertise through our websites and apps, as well as third-party platforms. We may use Personal Information about you to display online marketing content tailored to your interests or general geographic location, across multiple devices you use. Here are some ways this works.
We engage in targeted advertising, which involves the use of Personal Information, your email address and other information collected through cookies and similar technologies, regarding your browsing behaviour on our website. When needed we ask for your consent to market to you based on information collected through cookies and similar technologies.
We also use Personal Information about you to present advertising content or participate in targeted advertising campaigns on social media platforms. If you follow our social media pages or “like” our content on these platforms, we may use Personal Information about you to improve what and how we serve content to you on social media.
Keep in mind, we don’t own these websites and apps, and we are required to use Personal Information about you only in ways that are consistent with the privacy policies and terms & conditions of these platforms.
You can choose how we market to you, as specified in the “Your Choices” section below.
C.        DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
In some circumstances, we may disclose Personal Information about you, including with:
service providers, who perform services for us, such as printing, mail, advertising, marketing, etc. We require all of our service providers to protect Personal Information according to our standards and use it only for the purposes we allow;
regulatory authorities, courts, governmental agencies and fraud prevention agencies, in order to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, assist in legal or regulatory investigations, and protect the rights of American Express or others;
with credit reference agencies and similar institutions to report or inquire about your financial circumstances, and to report or collect debts you owe;
companies or other lines of products and services within the American Express group;
business or commercial partners such as other financial institutions, loyalty programs, travel partners, and certain advertising partners with whom we offer or develop products and services;
third parties for the provision of open banking and related services upon your request, for example where you seek to connect your account information to another platform or to initiate payments from other accounts;
necessary parties involved in the sale of all or part of a company in the American Express group, or its assets;
other relevant third parties, as required or permitted by law or with your consent.
Please see our Cardmember Privacy Statement for further details of third parties we may share your Personal Information with where you are also a cardmember.
Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Information.
Where necessary, and unless prohibited by applicable law, we’ll transfer your Personal Information to other countries and regulatory authorities in other countries to provide you with our products or services. Some of these jurisdictions may not provide the same level of protection for Personal Information as provided in the United Kingdom. Some countries with have different data protection laws. This includes transfers to countries outside of the United Kingdom such as to the United States (where our main operational data centres are located).
Keep in mind, no matter where we process Personal Information about you, we’ll always protect it in the manner described in our privacy notices and in accordance with applicable laws. For example, when we share Personal Information with other companies within the American Express group that are outside the United Kingdom, we ensure an adequate level of protection though our
Binding Corporate Rules
. This link is to where these are available within the American Express Privacy Centre on our website. When we share Personal Information with other third parties outside the United Kingdom, in certain countries, who are not part of the American Express group, we include appropriate contractual protections in those agreements. You can request further information on where to find a copy of the other appropriate safeguards in place by contacting our Data Protection Officer. In addition, we assess whether other technical and organizational measures are required for those transfers i.e. those which are to third parties other than public authorities and regulators and which do require appropriate contractual protection.
D. AGGREGATED AND ANONYMIZED INFORMATION
We sometimes process Personal Information so that it no longer identifies any individual. Once processed, this is referred to as aggregated and anonymized information. We process Personal Information to aggregate and anonymize it to:
analyze patterns among groups of people, such as cardmembers and online users;
create business insights or statistical research reports;
improve our advertising and our business.
We sometimes share aggregated and anonymized information with third parties, for many of the same reasons mentioned above.
E.          SECURITY
We use administrative, organizational, technical and physical security measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of Personal Information. Here’s what you should know:
these measures include technological safeguards and appropriate access controls to data and facilities;
we require service providers to safeguard Personal Information and only use it for the purposes we specify;
we take reasonable steps to securely destroy or de-identify Personal Information when we no longer need it;
We keep Personal Information for only as long as necessary to provide you with products or services - unless we’re required or permitted to keep it for longer by law, regulation, or for litigation or regulatory investigations.
When your Personal Information is no longer necessary for legal or regulatory needs, to administer your account or to deliver the products and services you have requested, we will securely destroy such information or permanently de- identify it. For more information about our data retention practices, you can contact us – please see the “Contacting Us” section.
F.     YOUR RIGHTS
In certain instances, you have the right to access, update, restrict, object to, and erase your Personal Information. You are also entitled to exercise your right to data portability and/or to remove your consent. More specifically, you have the right to:
request details on the Personal Information we have about you (often referred to as a “data subject access request” or “DSAR”);
in certain circumstances, erase, restrict and/or object to the use of the Personal Information;
request a manual review of certain automated processing activities that may impact your legal or contractual rights or that may have a similarly legal effect;
receive your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or transmit such data to another data controller;
withdraw the consent you have given for the processing of Personal Information at any time.
If you want to exercise any of your rights click
here
.
If you have any questions about how we process your Personal Information, please contact us.
If we receive a request from you, we’ll do our best to resolve it as soon as possible and no later than one calendar month except as follows.
If, due to the nature or circumstances of your request, we can’t meet that deadline, we may extend it by up to a further two months (complex requests). In such case, we will send you an email or letter explaining the cause of the delay. Please note that your request will be free of charge, except in certain circumstances if it incurs additional cost to our company such as when it’s unfounded or excessive, i.e. when the law allows us to charge a fee (we’ll explain this at the time before processing the request if this is the case).
You can also contact the United Kingdom Data Protection Authority directly. For further details, please visit the Information Commissioner Office’s website. You also have the option to take your case to the court where you live, work or where there may have been an infringement.
G.  YOUR CHOICES
You have the power to make choices about how American Express collects and uses Personal Information about you for marketing and advertising purposes. See above section for our lawful reasons which justify using your information to send you marketing communications. The lawful reasons for sending direct marketing communications to you will differ depending on a number of factors, including the marketing channel used (e.g. SMS, email, telephone), whether we have an existing relationship with you and that includes if you are an individual customer, or if you are a business customer.
We work with a range of advertising partners including ad networks, ad servers, and social media platforms to present our ads online. Your choices may vary depending on whether we’re serving you ads through websites, email, apps or social media.
Choices About the Personal Information We Collect
If you don’t want us to collect Personal Information about you through cookies for marketing and advertising purposes, you can decline cookies in the banner that appears the first time you visit our site by clicking on “Set Cookie Preferences” or through your browser settings as explained in the policy “About Cookies and Similar Technologies”.
If you delete cookies, buy a new device, access websites from a different device, or change browsers, you’ll need to opt-out again.
If you opt out of cookies, we’ll still show you advertising related to our products or services, but it won’t be based on Personal Information about you.
You can adjust how we collect Personal Information about you through your mobile device settings - for example – you can turn off location-based services and device ad tracking.
Choices about Marketing Communications
If you don’t want to receive direct marketing communications from us, you can opt out through:
-         Email: Click unsubscribe on the bottom of an e-mail and follow the instructions or go to
https://global.americanexpress.com/privacy/uk/#/ipp
-         Your account online: Log in to your account and click on account management / alerts and preferences / manage your preferences.
-         Phone: Register for the National Do Not Call List at
https://www.tpsonline.org.uk/tps/number_type.html
Keep in mind, even if you opt out of direct marketing, we’ll still communicate with you in order to service your account, fulfil your requests, or administer any promotion or program you’ve opted to be part of. These communications, which are necessary for us to inform you about the service you expect to receive from us, are not considered as direct marketing but are rather qualified as service message. For example, they can be used to inform you of a benefit on your account.
How to Access Your Customer Choices
If you are a customer, you can make choices about how we communicate with you.  To update your communication preferences, you can:
Log into your account and click on account management> alerts and preferences> manage your preferences to update your marketing and data sharing choices.
Call 0800 917 8054 or the number on the back of your Card
Merchants
Login to your account at americanexpress.com/merchant and visit your settings to update your marketing communications preferences.
Call 0800 032 7216 or visit our contact page here.
H.         CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Statement, feel free to get in touch at the number on the back of your card or visit the “Contact Us” page on our website. You may also contact our DPO at
amexukdpo@aexp.com
You may also write to American Express Services Europe Limited, Dept. 2007, Upper Ground Floor, 1 John Street, Brighton, East Sussex, BN88 1NH.
If you are a customer, you can update your Personal Information by logging into your account online or in your Amex® App anytime. We’re here for you 24/7.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local Supervisory Authority, which in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”). You can contact the ICO directly at
www.ico.org.uk
. If your request is not resolved to your satisfaction, you may also take your case to the court where you live, work or where there may have been an infringement.
I.     CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
We may change this Statement when necessary. Depending on what we change (for example if it is a material change), we may let you know in advance either by contacting you in writing (to ask you to read the updated version) or by updating the “Effective Date” at the top of this page, or by making it clear when you visit our website, americanexpress.co.uk, that it’s been updated. Any changes to this Statement will become effective immediately when posted.
American Express Cookie Preferences
Our Use of Cookies
American Express uses cookies on this website to ensure its proper performance and security and to provide you with the services you have requested (essential cookies). We also wish to use cookies to remember your preferences, understand how you use this website, and enable us and our third-party partners to personalise ads you see online. They also allow partner social media platforms to link up with our website so that you can interact with their content. By clicking 'Accept All', you consent to us (and our partners) using cookies for the purposes set out in our Cookie Policy. By clicking 'Decline All', only essential cookies will be placed. You can manage your preferences by clicking 'More Options' below. For more information on how we use cookies, or to change your cookie preferences at any time, please see our
Cookie Policy.
Decline All
More Options
Accept All
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.americanexpress.com/en-gb/company/legal/privacy-centre/privacy-principles/:
American Express®
Data Protection and Privacy Principles
The following Data Protection and Privacy Principles (“Principles”) set out the way that American Express Company and its wholly owned direct and indirect subsidiaries (“American Express”) will collect, use, store, share, transmit, delete or otherwise process (collectively “process”) your personal data. Personal data means any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. The standard of personal data protection set out in these Principles will be used by American Express globally, providing adequate and consistent protection for the processing of your personal data. In these Principles, “you” and “your” means any individual customer or employee of American Express and any other individual whose personal data we process and “we”, “us”, “our” and “American Express Group” means American Express.
Important Links
Privacy Principles
About cookies
Set Cookie Preferences
Set E-mail Preferences
Online Privacy Statement
Binding Corporate Rules
Cardmember Privacy Statement
Collection
: We will only collect personal data that is needed and by lawful and fair means.
Notice and Processing
: Where it is not apparent from the products or services you require or the nature of your relationship with us, we will tell you how your personal data will be processed and which companies in the American Express Group are responsible for that processing. We will process your personal data fairly and only for those purposes we have told you, for purposes permitted by you or as permitted by applicable law. In addition, you may object to certain types of processing as expressly permitted by applicable law.
Choice
: We give customers the option of having their personal data included or removed from lists used for marketing as required by applicable law. This includes product and service offers from American Express and those made in conjunction with our business partners. Of course each of our businesses will continue to send customers information about the products or services they receive from that business.
Data Quality
: We use appropriate technology and well-defined employee practices to process your personal data promptly and accurately. We will not keep your personal data longer than is necessary, except as otherwise required by applicable law.
Security and Confidentiality
: We will keep your personal data confidential and limit access to your personal data to those who specifically need it to conduct their business activities, except as otherwise permitted by applicable law. We refer to industry standards and use reasonable administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your personal data from unauthorised access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure. We require industry standard data security measures from those third parties who are authorised by us to process your personal data on our behalf.
Data Sharing
: We only share your personal data with third parties where it is necessary to provide you with products or services or as part of the nature of our relationship with you, where we have previously informed or been authorised by you, in connection with our efforts to reduce fraud or criminal activity, or as permitted by law.
Openness and Data Access
: If you ask, we will inform you about how your personal data is processed and the rights and remedies you have under these Principles. You may inquire as to the nature of the personal data stored or processed about you by American Express. You will be provided access as is required by law in your country, regardless of the location of the data processing and storage. If any data is inaccurate or incomplete, you may request that the data be amended.
International Transfer
: Where it is not apparent from the international products or services you require or the nature of your relationship with us, we will inform you if your personal data may be transferred outside of your country and ensure that such transfer is only performed in accordance with applicable law. Regardless of where your personal data is transferred, your personal data is protected by these Principles.
Responsibility
: Each company in the American Express Group and their employees may only process your personal data in accordance with these Principles. We conduct training and reviews of our compliance with these Principles. Employees who violate these Principles may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal. Employees are expected to report violation of these Principles, and may do so to their managers, to their business unit's compliance officer, to the legal department, to the Privacy Office or to the company's Office of the Ombudsperson.
Accountability
: You may enforce these Principles in your country against any company in the American Express Group that is responsible for your personal data, as a third party contractual beneficiary to these Principles. If you have a complaint that we have breached these Principles and have attempted in good faith to resolve the complaint through our customer service process, but the complaint was not resolved by us within a reasonable amount of time, then you may enforce these Principles against us. If you complain to your local data protection authority and the data protection authority finds that we have breached these Principles, we will abide by the findings of the data protection authority, but we reserve the right to challenge or appeal such findings. These Principles do not affect any rights you have under applicable law, the requirements of any applicable regulatory data protection authority, or any other type of agreement that you may have with us.
These Principles emphasize our commitment to protect your personal data. They are binding on all companies in the American Express Group, demonstrating our commitment to privacy. In addition, each company in the American Express Group that holds personal data may maintain its own additional rules and practices for particular products or services, consistent with these Principles.
If you have questions or comments about the Principles, please
contact us
.
Sub-policy 1
https://icm.aexp-static.com/Internet/internationalcardshop/en_gb/pdf/amex-uk-personal-cardmember-privacy-statement.pdf:
