PRIVACY POLICY
Varsity by Zerodha has two versions, i.e. a website -
        “https://zerodha.com/varsity/” (“Website”) and a
        Mobile based Application (the “App”) version, that is
        operated by Zerodha, a SEBI registered stock broking entity, being a
        member of NSE & BSE, under the SEBI Registration ID INZ000031633,
        and having it’s registered office in #153/154, 4th Cross, Dollars
        Colony, Opp. Clarence Public School, J.P Nagar 4th Phase, Bangalore -
        560078, Karnataka, India. Zerodha operates it’s main website under
        “https://zerodha.com/” and operates a website version of
        Varsity by Zerodha under the URL:
        “https://zerodha.com/varsity/”.
We respect the privacy of each user from the Website and App (referred
        to as “you” or “a user”), whether it’s
        your first time, or if you’ve visited our Website / App
        previously. This Privacy Statement gives you specific information about
        how we protect your privacy, how we treat information we collect on the
        App that identifies an individual user (“Personal
        Information”), and how we use aggregated information.
Varsity by Zerodha is a collection of stock market lessons, divided
        into chapters, spreading awareness and educating visitors about
        financial concepts ranging from basic introductory concepts to advanced
        trading theories, taxation on capital market instruments, and everything
        else.
By registering for or using the app, you confirm your acceptance of
        this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not proceed.
        We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time without any prior
        notice. It is upto the User to keep up to date with the updated Policy
        at all times.
Location of servers and transfer of information to India
The App is hosted by servers in India. If you are located outside of
        India, your Personal Information will be transferred to India as per
        Indian laws and regulations. By submitting your Personal Information,
        you consent to your information being transferred to and being stored in
        India, and to its storage, processing, and use there in accordance with
        this Privacy Policy.
Collection and use of your Personal Information
We collect personal information about you from a variety of sources,
        including from you directly (e.g. when you visit/download our
        Website/App or sign up for an account), information we generate about
        you in the course of our relationship with you (e.g. data collected from
        cookies and other similar technologies which is described in our Cookie
        Policy.
You may provide personal information to us, if you choose to:
Submit a help request, a customer services inquiry or other inquiry
          to us, or fill in any other forms for the purposes of receiving our
          services/responses;
Apply and/or participate in a Varsity Live program.
Participate in some of the features accessible via the services (for
          example, message boards, games, surveys, polls, promotions, contests,
          sweepstakes or other incentives);
Participate in any services that require registration; enroll in any
          of our webinars/podcasts and/or courses;
sign up to receive any information and/or services from any third
          party provider or partner using our Website/App (If you submit
          information to a third party provider or partner, please note that
          their use and disclosure of your information is subject to their own
          privacy policy);
otherwise, use the services in a manner that you have
          requested.
Depending on which of these or any other Services you use, the personal
        information you provide may include:
personal details (e.g. name, date of birth, professional title,
          company name, and household income, investment interests, retirement
          information, information about your educational background );
contact details (e.g. phone number, email address, postal address, or
          mobile number);
account details (e.g. username and password);
communications (e.g. when you participate or post material in message
          boards or forums, participate in polls or surveys, write a review or
          provide a testimonial, or contact us with a question, comment, or
          request); or
Professional information (e.g. if you are a Financial Advisor
          participating in our Advisor Insights program, information about your
          credentials, including, without limitation, broker CRD number,
          professional website URL, biographical information, licences and
          designations, and profile picture); or
Metadata from your usage of the Website or the App, including inter
        alia your user preferences, app settings, and other usage related
        information.
We may use your Personal Information for the below stated
        actions:
Facilitate the transactions or report on these transactions;
To provide to our limited service providers, who help offer certain Varsity services such as Varsity Live. This information shall be limited to information required to offer services, and shall not be used or retained by the service provider for any other purpose.
Undertake research and analytics for offering or improving our
          services and their security and service quality;
To check and process your requests submitted to us for products /
          services and / or instructions or requests received from you in
          respect of these products / services;
To share with you, updates on changes to the products / services and
          their terms and conditions;
To take up or investigate any complaints / claims / disputes;
To respond to your queries or feedback submitted by you;
To verify your identity for us to provide products / services to
          you;
To carry credit checks, screenings or due diligence checks as
          lawfully required by us;
To monitor and review services from time to time;
To undertake financial / regulatory / management reporting, and
          create and maintain various risk management models;
For conducting audits and for record keeping purposes;
For selective offers and promotions.
Please be aware, that by posting information to message boards, chat
        groups or social networking facilities available via the services, you
        will be making this information available to other users of these
        services to the public. You should be careful about revealing any
        sensitive details about yourself.
Zerodha may have the requirement to collect Sensitive Personal Data or
        Information (“SPDI”) OR Personal Information from you while
        you are visiting Website or App due to the nature of the products and
        services being offered. SPDI shall have the meaning in accordance with
        the Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures
        and sensitive personal data or Information) Rules, 2011
        (“Rules”). Any Personal Information as defined under the
        SPDI Rules may be requested to be completely removed by Zerodha in case
        the visitor/user of the Website/App wishes to by writing an email to
        VarsityData@zerodha.com.
Information Collected via devices or platforms
When you use the Website or App, Zerodha may automatically collect
        information via automatic means about your computer or device, your
        preference settings, your location, and your activities,
        including:
IP address of your device;
Unique mobile device identifiers;
Technical information about your computer or mobile device such as
          type of device, mobile device ID number, screen resolution, web
          browser information, and operating system or platform;
Your preferences and settings (time zone, language, etc.);
Internet provider or mobile carrier name;
The URL of the last web page you visited before visiting the Website
          or App;
Information about your activity on the Website/App (e.g., your search
          queries, mis-formatted DNS entries, search results selected, clicks,
          pages viewed, search history, comments, forms filled out and
          submitted, how often you use the services);
Information we generate as a result of your visit to our Website/App
          (e.g. our understanding of your interests as a result of your use of
          the Website/App and whether you are a regular or occasional user of
          the Website/App); and
If you are using a mobile device, your mobile device’s
          geographic location (specific geographic location if you’ve
          enabled collection of that information, or general geographic location
          automatically).
Collection of non-personal information
Even if you do not input any Personal Information specifically, we
        collect information about how you use our App/Website
        (“Non-Personal Information”). This information cannot be
        used to identify you personally and is explained in more detail below
        under “Non-Personal Information”.
Cookies:
Please note that a "cookie" is a small piece of information
        stored by a web server on a web browser so it can be later read back
        from that browser. We may use cookie and tracking technology depending
        on the features offered and you as a visitor may select to do. No
        Personal Information will be collected via cookies and other tracking
        technology; however, if you previously provided Personal Data, cookies
        may be tied to such information.
We may use cookies for the purpose of Google Analytics to provide
        better features and services, and to understand your preferences in a
        better manner.
Deletion of user data
You may choose to delete all the user data associated with your Varsity
        account. In case you wish to do so, please place a deletion request by
        heading over to the Zerodha support portal
        (https://support.zerodha.com/) and creating a ticket, or by sending us
        an email at VarsityData@zerodha.com. Your request for deletion of your data
        will be processed within 3 working days.
Additional Privacy Policy for applicable subjects as per European
        General Data Protection Regulation
This section is applicable to subjects as per the requirements of the
        European General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) which
        came into effect on May 25, 2018. This section is to be read in addition
        to the Privacy Policy, Terms of Use and any other Agreement entered into
        with Zerodha / Varsity by Zerodha by all visitors to the website and
        clients using the services of Zerodha and/or visiting Varsity by
        Zerodha. Zerodha handles two categories of data as mentioned above in
        this Privacy Policy, i.e. (1) Personal Information and (2) Non Personal
        Information. As per this Policy, Zerodha shall have a right to use and
        disclose data obtained from all users/subjects in connection with
        visiting websites, support and/or use of the services of Zerodha. All
        users subjected to the GDPR guidelines agree to provide consent to this
        Policy. All users subjected to the GDPR, after giving written notice of
        stopping to use the services provided by Zerodha, shall have the right
        to erase or correct such (1) Personal Information OR (2) Non Personal
        Information as processed by Zerodha.
After giving a written notice, a user, who is subject to GDPR, shall
        have the right to receive Personal Information and Non Personal
        Information, which is provided to Zerodha during the usage of
        Zerodha’s services, such that, this information may be used by
        another entity which is technically feasible by all parties to the
        maximum extent possible. For sending across any notice pertaining to
        removal or requesting to receive all such Personal Information and Non
        Personal Information, such that, this information may be transferred to
        another entity/controller of such data as per the GDPR, all subjected
        users are required to write to VarsityData@zerodha.com. The designated officer
        for the purposes of this GDPR shall be Mr Somnath Mukherjee.
Security
We take various steps and measures to protect the security of your
        Personal Information from misuse, loss, unauthorised access,
        modification or disclosure. We use latest secure server layers
        encryption and access control on our systems. Our safety and security
        processes are audited by a third party cyber security audit agency from
        time to time.
Please do not share any of your personal information, including all
        such login details to your Zerodha / Varsity by Zerodha Website / App,
        due to any reason whatsoever. Any such consequences occurring on the
        Website / App due to you sharing your login / Personal Information
        details will be your sole responsibility and not of Zerodha or Varsity
        by Zerodha.
Updating Personal Information
If your Personal Information changes or if you no longer wish to use
        the Website/App, you may correct or update your Personal Information or
        unsubscribe from any updates you have requested by modifying or deleting
        your profile on the Website/App, writing to customer support at Zerodha,
        #153/154, 4th Cross, Dollars Colony, Opp. Clarence Public School, J.P
        Nagar 4th Phase, Bangalore - 560078 or sending an email to
        india@zerodha.com.
Children
This Site is not directed to children under the age of 13
        (“Children”), and we do not knowingly collect any
        information, including Personal Information, from Children.
Comments and questions
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please
        contact us by using the “Contact Us” page, by calling us at
        080 4040 2020, or writing to us at Zerodha, #153/154, 4th Cross, Dollars
        Colony, Opp. Clarence Public School, J.P Nagar 4th Phase, Bangalore -
        560078 or emailing us at “VarsityData@zerodha.com”.
Subject to Change
This Privacy Policy is subject to change and may be updated or revised
        from time to time, without any prior notification to the User, at the
        sole discretion of Zerodha. It is the responsibility of the User to
        periodically review the Privacy Policy to determine whether there have
        been any revisions or updates. The last updated date of the Policy has
        been mentioned above for the reference of the User.