Privacy policy
A. Introduction
AUGer kit sasu (hereafter we) are committed to safeguarding the privacy as it is very important to us and our users. This policy explains what we do with your personal information.
B. Credit
This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (seqlegal.com), modified by our site.
C. How we collect your personal data
The following types of personal information may be collected, stored, and used:
The sound recorded using our application, including the sound generated by coin itself and all the background sounds.
Information you provided to the application about the coin to test, including the year, the origin, the size, the weight, and the compositions.
Information that is generated while using our app, including when, how often, and under what circumstances you use it.
Your email address if you create an account in the app.
Any other personal information you send to us.
D. Using Personal Information
Personal information submitted to us through our application will be used for the purposes specified in this policy. We may use your personal information for the following:
Administering our application and business
Enabling your use of the services available on the application
Providing third parties with statistical information
Dealing with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our applications
Keeping our application secure.
Other uses.
We will not, without your expressed consent, supply your personal information to any third party for their or any other third party’s direct marketing.
E. Disclosing personal information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers, or subcontractors as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. We may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
F. International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored, processed in, and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
Information that we collect may be transferred to the following countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area: the United States of America, Russia, Japan, China, and India.
Personal information that you publish in our application or submit for publication in our application may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section F.
G. Retaining personal information
This Section G sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations regarding the retention and deletion of personal information.
Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Without prejudice to article G-2, we will usually delete personal data falling within the categories set out below at the date/time set out below:
a. User account and associated personal data (excluding irreversibly hashed email) will be deleted in 90 days following the account deletion request initiated from the app, for registered users.
b. User account and associated personal data (excluding irreversibly hashed email) will be deleted in 90 days after two years inactivity of the account, for registered users.
c. We will retain irreversibly hashed email information of registered and deleted users for abuse detection purpose.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section G, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
a. to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
b. if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
c. in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
H. Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
I. Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you understand any changes to this policy. We may notify you of changes to this policy through the private messaging system in our application.
J. Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you.
We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law. You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
K. Third party websites or applications
Our application includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites/applications. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
L. Cookies & Caches
Our application uses local cache to have quicker response to users. Users can delete these local caches whenever they want.