You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how SellitBack.com, from here on ‘we’, uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website.
SellitBack.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide information by which you can be identified when using this website; you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
SellitBack.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. This policy is effective from 01/01/2014
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
Name.
Contact information including your email address.
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
Information gathered based on your usage of SellitBack.com including but not limited to transactional and browsing data.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use this information to customise the website according to your interests.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks for permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can then tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Contact us here to stop communications from us at any time.
Edit your communication preferences with us in your personal profile.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting.