Legal: Agreement & Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Fixed Returns
Terms of Service
Agreements and Disclosures
Third Party Agreements and Disclosures
We value your privacy
We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience on our website. Cookies help you navigate efficiently and improve functionality. By clicking
"Accept All"
, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our
Cookie Notice.
Decline Non-essential Cookies
Accept All
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://investbamboo.com/legals/privacy-policy:
BAMBOO SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED
PRIVACY
NOTICE
LAST REVISED:
15
th
January 2025
Introduction.
Personal Information is as important to us as it is to you.
At Bamboo Systems Technology Limited (“
Bamboo
” or “
we
” or “
We
”), we are committed to protecting your information.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, share, use, and protect your personal
        information in connection with our Services.The Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
        together make up an agreement between you, as a user of our Services and us. By accessing
        our Services, you accept and agree to this agreement, and agree to the collection, use, and
        disclosure of your personal data as provided in this Privacy Policy.
We value the privacy of all persons who access our website and all related sites,
        applications, services and tools (collectively, our “
Services
”).
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect in connection with our Services.
Should you disagree to abide by our
Terms of Service
or if you revoke your consent to the processing of your personal data, your account will be
        disabled, and you will no longer be able to access or interact with the Services.
How do we collect information?
Generally, we collect personal information you provide to us. For example:
Personal identification information,
such as name, date of birth, place of birth, nationality, gender, email, address,
          demographic information, and phone number.
Supplemental identification information,
such as government-issued identity documents, live photo images captured, passport,
          driver’s license, taxpayer identification number or national insurance number,
          source of income and employment information including its status and history.
Financial information,
including but not limited to income/wealth verification documents or bank account
          statements.
Information on your behavior on our website,
including pages viewed, links clicked keystrokes, and actions taken including
          copy/paste functions or failure to verify the account or lack of transactions (dormant
          position) and User Application activities carried out within the App. Transaction
          information, including information related to the use of the Services, types of Services
          requested, dates and times of such requests, payment methods, and other similar
          information.
User Generated Content
, content that you submit to the Service or via links to social media networks, forums,
          blogs, message boards, chat rooms or similar functionality, including audio recordings,
          software code, videos, photos, images, text, information (including, without limitation,
          personal information), user comments, and any other content (collectively, “
User Content
”).
Location data
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of the Service including
          your Internet Protocol (IP) address, geographical location, browser type and version,
          devise characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referral source, and
          information on action taken on the Site, such as; length of visit, page views and website
          navigation paths.
Device and Usage Data,
Information from and about the devices you use to access the Services, including
          attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and
          software names, types, battery and signal strength, device identifiers, device locations,
          specific geographic locations (such as GPS, Bluetooth, WiFi signals), connection
          information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language, time
          zone, mobile phone number and IP address.
Communications data,
information contained in or relating to any communication with us or our
          third-party service providers for customer support or other communications, including,
          without limitation, records and copies of correspondence and responses to surveys for
          research purposes;
Metadata,
the Service may access metadata and other information associated with other files stored
          on your device. This may include, for example, photographs, audio and video clips,
          personal contacts and address book information;
Additional information required by Bamboo
(in its sole discretion) to verify a User's identity, which may include
          capturing the image of your face in real time for facial matching and/or
          recognition.
Any personal information you may provide us through social media channels or promotions
          held by us or our partners;
Statistical Data,
in connection with your visit or use of the Service, we may automatically collect
          information about our users, such as the numbers and frequency of users and their
          characteristics and information about similar groups of users, certain age groups or users
          that live in a particular geographical area. This data is only used in the aggregate as a
          statistical measure and not in a manner that would identify you personally. Aggregate
          information generally is collected through the use of cookies and beacons; and
any other personal information that you choose to send to us.
How We Use Your Information?
We use the personal information we collect to:
provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Service, and any other
information, products or services that you request from us;
To enable you to access and use the Service, including uploading, downloading,
collaborating
and sharing content, photos, images, videos and information, with other
users or third parties;
process, verify, and complete transactions, and send you related information,
including
purchase confirmations and invoices, to carry out our obligations and
enforce
our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us,
including for billing, collection and enforcement, and to build a user database;
send transactional messages, including responding to your comments, questions,
and
requests; providing customer service and support; sending you technical notices,
updates
, security alerts, and support and administrative messages sending statements
;
send
invoices and payment reminders to you, and
collect
payments from you; and, when
we have location information, we use it to tailor our Service for you and others
;
send promotional communications, such as providing you with information about
services
, features, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, events and sending
updates;
monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Service
and
for marketing, advertising, administrative, analytical, research, optimization, and
other
purposes. For example, we may use statistical analyses of usage data in order to
measure
interest in the various areas of the Service, for development purposes and to
inform
advertisers and partners in aggregate and anonymous terms about consumers
who
click on their advertising or other messages. IP addresses are also used for
systems
administration and troubleshooting purposes
;
investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the
Service, and other illegal activities;
personalize the Service’s content, features or advertisements;
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the Service;
To verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of the Service;
and
To
comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry
standards
, contractual obligations and our policies.
If you submit personal information, including User Content, for publication on the
          Service,
we
will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you
          grant to us, and by
submitting
such information to us, you hereby grant us a worldwide, revocable, sublicensable
          and royalty-free
license
to use such personal information for our business purposes. You shall be solely
          responsible for your
own
User Content and the consequences of submitting and publishing your User Content on
          the Service. You
further
agree that you will not submit to the Service any User Content or other material
          that is contrary to this
Privacy Policy or contrary to applicable local, national, and international laws and
          regulations.
How We Share the Information You Provide?
We disclose your information in some of the following
        ways:
Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Parties that Assist with Our Business:
We may disclose your data to third-party vendors or agents (“
vendors
”) who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such
        information to do that work. We ensure that these vendors are bound by contracts that
        include data protection and confidentiality obligations to safeguard your information.
Our Employees, Agents, Consultants, Contractors, or Other authorized personnel:
These individuals, including those of our contractors, service providers,
        subsidiaries, and affiliates, may have access to user information as necessary in the normal
        course of our business. We implement strict access controls and data protection practices to
        ensure that this information is handled securely.
Business Transfers:
We may disclose or transfer your information in connection with, or during
        negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a
        portion of our business to another company. We require that any transferee adheres to data
        protection standards similar to those provided in our policy to ensure your information is
        protected.
Affiliates:
We may disclose your information to our affiliates, including our parent company and
        any subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are
        under common control with us. Our affiliates are required to comply with data protection
        legislation and similar data protection standards when processing your information.
Law Enforcement Agencies, Regulatory or Governmental Bodies:
We may disclose your information to respond to legal processes, comply with legal
        obligations, protect or defend our rights, interests or prevent or investigate wrongdoing in
        connection with the services. We ensure that disclosures are made in compliance with
        applicable laws and regulations.
Social Media Networks:
We may include applications or widgets from social media networks that allow
        interaction or content sharing by their users. These widgets, such as a Facebook
        “Share” or “Like” button, are visible to you on the web page you
        visit. Integration between the Service and social media networks such as Facebook, Twitter,
        and others may allow these networks to collect information about you, even when you do not
        explicitly activate their application or widget. Please review the privacy policies of these
        social media networks to understand their data collection practices and the choices they
        offer you.
Consent:
We may share your information in other ways if you have asked us to do so or have
        given your consent.
How We Protect Your Information
Safeguarding your personal information is our main concern. We maintain physical,
        electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with applicable federal laws to secure your
        information from unauthorized access and use, accidental or unlawful alteration and
        destruction; and other unlawful or unauthorized forms of processing. We engage in the
        continuous training of our employees in the proper management of personal information. When
        we use other companies to provide services, we require them to protect the confidentiality
        of personal information they receive.
At Bamboo, we take data privacy very seriously and we provide our customers with all
        necessary data security to protect such personal information from unauthorized access. We
        require any third parties who carry out any work on our behalf to comply with appropriate
        compliance standards to protect your information. We are pleased to announce that we comply
        with global best practices and requirements of the Nigeria Data Protection Act 2023 as may
        be amended from time to time and any other applicable data protection rules and regulations.
While we take reasonable measures to protect your personal information, you are responsible
        for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and any activity that occurs
        under your account. It is important to:
Choose Strong Passwords
: Use strong and unique passwords for your account, and change them regularly.
Protect Your Credentials
: Keep your login details confidential and do not share them with anyone.
Monitor Your Account
: Regularly review your account activity for any unauthorized actions.
Log Out
: Log out of your account when using shared or public devices to prevent unauthorized
          access.
If you believe your account has been compromised or notice any suspicious activity, please
        contact us immediately at
support@investbamboo.com
to secure your account.
We understand that mistakes can happen, but Bamboo shall not be held liable for any
        damages, losses, or claims arising from the reckless, negligent, or intentional misuse of
        the Services. This includes, but is not limited to, unauthorized disclosure of personal
        information, failure to follow security protocols, or engaging in any activities that
        violate the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy or any applicable laws.
        You assume full responsibility for any harm or consequences resulting from such
        actions.
How We Are Allowed to Process your Personal Information
We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a
        valid legal reason (i.e., legal basis) to do so under applicable law. This includes
        instances such as when we have your consent, need to comply with laws, provide you with
        services to enter into or fulfill our contractual obligations, protect your rights, or
        fulfill our legitimate business interests.
Processing of Personal Information shall be lawful if at least one of the following
        applies:
You have consented to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific
          purposes;
Your information is needed to fulfil a contract that you are a part of or at your request
          prior to entering into a contract with you;
It is necessary to protect your Legitimate Interests. We may process your information
          when we believe it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests
          and those interests do not outweigh your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms.
          For example, we may process your personal information for some of the purposes described
          in order to:
Send information about special offers and discounts on our products and services
;
Develop and display personalized and relevant advertising content
;
Analyze how our services are used so we can improve them
;
Support our marketing activities
;
Diagnose problems and/or prevent fraudulent activities
;
and
Understand how our products and services are being used so we can improve service
          experience
;
where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to
          cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal
          rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are
          involved
; and
Vital Interests. We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to
          protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations
          involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
Individual Rights as a User of our Services
As a User of our Services, you have the following rights:
Right to request for and access any Personal Information collected and stored by Bamboo -
Individuals have the right to access information Bamboo holds, access their personal data
           and other supplementary information and obtain information about how we process
          it.
Right to be informed regarding your Personal Information -
To emphasize the need for transparency over the usage of personal data, we ensure fair
          processing of information typically through this privacy policy.
Right to object to automated decision making and processing -
Individuals have the right to query a decision/profiling that we make/do about a product
          or  service that they have applied for and that was made solely by automated means.
Right to request rectification and modification of Personal Information which Bamboo
          keeps -
The right to rectification  Individuals are entitled to have their personal data
          rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete. If this personal data in question has been
          disclosed to third parties, they must be informed of the rectification where possible.
          Bamboo must also inform the individuals about the third parties to whom the data has been
          disclosed where appropriate.
Right to request the deletion of your data -
Individuals have the right to request the deletion or removal of personal data where
          there is no compelling legal or regulatory requirement for its continued processing.
          Bamboo will make sure that this right is protected.
Right to request the movement of your data from Bamboo to a third party - this is the
          right to the portability of data -
We will ensure that personal data is moved, copied or transferred easily from one IT
          environment to another in a safe and secure way, without hindrance to usability.
Right to revoke consent;
Individuals have a right to ‘block’ or withdraw their consent to our
          processing of your information, which you can do at any time. When processing is
          restricted, we are permitted to store the personal data, but not further process it.
Right to object to direct marketing, and to request that Bamboo restricts the processing
          of your information -
Individuals have the right to object to our processing of their information in some
           circumstances.
Right to submit a complaint to the Nigeria Data Protection Commission
          (“NDPC”).
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that is placed on your computer’s hard drive. Its functions
        include storing your login and session statuses, recording your user preferences and
        analyzing web traffic.
Cookies enable websites and applications to store your user preferences in order to enhance
        your overall website experience by better understanding your preferences, likes and
        dislikes. They also allow websites to identify when users are logged on their site and when
        they return to their site, test new content and analyze web traffic with data analytics.
Besides the data you elect to disclose and share with us, we cannot access your computer or
        any other information about you with cookies.
Retaining your Personal Information
Bamboo keeps your information
for as
long as you
maintain an account with Bamboo and except as otherwise permitted or required by
        applicable law or regulation, only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes the
        Company collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or
        reporting requirements.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity
        of the personal data, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or
        disclosure of your personal data, in determining how long to retain personal data.
You may request the deletion of your account at any time. Following such requests, Bamboo
        deletes the data that it is not required to retain for purposes of regulatory, tax,
        insurance, litigation, or other legal requirements. For example, Bamboo retains location,
        device, and usage data for these purposes for a minimum of 6 years; while it retains such
        data, it may also use it for purposes of safety, security, fraud prevention and detection,
        and research and development. In certain circumstances, the Company may be unable to delete
        a user’s account, such as if there’s an outstanding credit on the account or an
        unresolved claim or dispute. Upon resolution of the issue preventing deletion, the Company
        will delete the account as described above.
If you decide that you no longer wish us to keep or use information or you want the
        information to be revised or updated, please feel free to contact us at
compliance@investbamboo.com
. We will remove or amend the information as appropriate in accordance with our Privacy
        Notice and applicable legislative and regulatory requirements.
Under some circumstances the Company may anonymize Users' personal information so that
        it can no longer be associated with a particular User. The Company reserves the right to use
        such anonymous and de-identified data for any legitimate business purpose without further
        notice to the relevant User or its consent
.
Third Party Links
Our Service contains links to third-party websites or services. Please note that we are not
        responsible for their content or privacy practices. We encourage all our Users to be
        cautious when leaving our Service and read the privacy policies of any site that collects
        your personal information.When you use our Services or its content, certain third
        parties  may use automatic information collection technology to collect information
        about you or your device. These  third parties may include but are not limited to
        :
Advertisers, ad networks and ad servers;
Analytics companies;
Your mobile device manufacturer;
Your mobile service provider.
These third parties may use tracking technology to collect information about you when you
        use the  Service. The information they collect may be associated with your personal
        information or they may collect  information including personal information, about your
        online activities over time and across different  websites, apps and other online
        services websites. They may use this information to provide you with interest  based
        interest based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third party tracking technology or how they may be used. If you
        have any  questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should
        contact the responsible provider directly.
Users from Other Jurisdictions
The Service is controlled and operated by us from Nigeria. If you are not a resident of
        Nigeria
or
you are located outside Nigeria, you are not authorized to use the Service. If you
        choose to use the
Service
or
provide information to us, please note that we may transfer the information,
        including personal information,
outside of Nigeria and process it there.
We do not represent or warrant that the Service, or any portion thereof, are appropriate or
available for use in any particular jurisdiction.
Those who choose to access the Service do so on their own initiative and at their own risk,
and
are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations, and are
        subject to United States
export controls in connection with your use of the Service and are responsible for any
        violations of such
controls, including, without limitation, any United States embargoes or other federal rules
        and regulations
restricting exports.
We may limit the availability of the Service, in whole or in part, to any person,
        geographic area
or jurisdiction that we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion.
Personal information that you publish on the Service or submit for publication on our
        Website
may
be available, via the Internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse
        of such information
by others.
Transfer of Personal Data
As part of our service provision, we may rely on third-party servers, databases co-located
        with hosting providers, resident in foreign jurisdictions, which constitutes the transfer of
        your personal data to computers or servers in foreign countries.
These countries may have different data protection laws than your jurisdiction, and in some
        cases, they may not provide the same level of data protection.
As required under the applicable law, third parties are required to use appropriate
        safeguards to protect personal information, and they can only access the personal
        information that is necessary for performing their specific tasks.
We take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this Privacy Policy is
        processed and protected according to the provisions of this Policy and applicable law
        wherever the data is located.
Where personal data is to be transferred to a country outside Nigeria, Bamboo shall put
        adequate measures in place to ensure the security of such Personal Information. Any transfer
        of Personal Information out of Nigeria will be in accordance with the provisions of relevant
        data protection regulations. Bamboo, shall among other things, use contractual terms to
        ensure protection of the data or ensure the country has adequate data protection laws (i.e.
        listed in the National Information Technology Development Agency’s
        [“NITDA”] White List of Countries, or the General Data Protection
        Regulation’s “GDPR” Adequacy List).
Should you wish to transfer personal data to a country deemed to have inadequate data
        protection laws, Bamboo will take all necessary steps to ensure that informed consent is
        obtained from you, and you are aware of the risks entailed with such transfer. In any
        instance, Bamboo will ensure Personal Information is transmitted in a safe and secure
        manner. Details of the protection given when your Personal Information is transferred
        abroad, and details of the basis of such transfers shall be provided to you upon
        request.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated
        by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as
        it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you
        either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a
        notification, or as otherwise required by law. We encourage you to review this privacy
        notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information. Your continued
        use of our Services after any updates to this Policy constitutes your agreement and
        acceptance of this Policy as updated.
Children’s Privacy
The Services are intended for general audiences and not for individuals under the age of
        18. If we become aware that we have collected “personal information” (as defined
        by the Child Rights Act, Act No. 26,
2003)   from children under the age of 13 without legally valid parental consent, we
        will take reasonable steps to delete it as soon as possible. We also comply with other age
        restrictions and requirements in accordance with applicable local laws.
Our Contact Information.
If you have any questions, feedback or to report a violation regarding the Privacy Policy,
        you may email us at
compliance@investbamboo.com
or you may send a letter to Plot 1, Block 22, Nathan Terrace, Lekki Phase 1, Lagos,
        Nigeria.
List of Our Affiliates and Related Properties.
Below is a representative list of some of our affiliated properties and related properties
        that currently
may
have access to personal information collected from Users on our Services as set forth
        in this Privacy Policy.
We may update this list from time-to-time, so please check back periodically to keep up to
        date.
Affiliates: Bamboo Systems Ghana Limited, Bamboo Global Inc, Invest Bamboo (Pty) Limited,
        and Bamboo Securities LLC.
Related Properties: n/a
Registered Office: Plot 1, Block 22, Babatunde Anjous Avenue, Lekki Phase 1, Lagos
(RC
1548167
)
Website:
https://investbamboo.com
E-mail:
support@investbamboo.com
We value your privacy
We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience on our website. Cookies help you navigate efficiently and improve functionality. By clicking
"Accept All"
, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our
Cookie Notice.
Decline Non-essential Cookies
Accept All