What data we collect
The only personal data we collect from you is:
Your name (First and Surname) and your email address, if you register with us for Duplicate
Your device ID, so we can link any purchases back to you should you delete the app and reinstall it
We do not store your personal information through Google Analytics or LUX or any other external service.
We will not identify you through analytics information, and we will not combine analytics information with other data sets in a way that would identify who you are.
We continuously test and monitor our data protection controls to make sure they’re effective and to detect any weaknesses.
Why we need your data
We need to know these basic facts about you, in order to manage and maintain the Duplicate games. We need a user name, (which need have no reflection as to who you really are) and we need your real name and email address, so we can send you results etc.
We collect and store your ‘settings’ data, to help the smooth running of the app on your device.
Maintain your bidding system preferences between sessions
Maintain your personal performance statistics in Teams Plus and Duplicate
Maintain your other ‘settings’ preferences (colours, hand filters etc)
Enable us to respond to any feedback you send us, if you’ve asked us to
Send email alerts to users who request them
What we do with your data –
This is the important bit!
We do not share your data with anyone – no affiliates, no outside bodies – we mean no one!
We will not:
sell or rent your data to third parties
share your data with third parties for marketing purposes
use your data in analytics
However we will share your data if we are required to do so by law – for example, by court order, or to prevent fraud or other crime.
How long we keep your data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as:
You are a registered user of the app
We will keep your email data until you unsubscribe. We will keep your feedback data for 2 years.
Children’s privacy protection
Our services are not designed for, or intentionally targeted at, children 13 years of age or younger. We do not intentionally collect or maintain data about anyone under the age of 13.
Where your data is processed and stored
We design, build and run our systems to make sure that your data is as safe as possible at all stages, both while it’s processed and when it’s stored.
How we protect your data and keep it secure
We are committed to doing all that we can to keep your data secure. We have set up systems and processes to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your data – for example, we protect your data using varying levels of encryption.
Your rights
You have the right to request:
information about how your personal data is processed
a copy of that personal data
that anything inaccurate in your personal data is corrected immediately
You can also:
raise an objection about how your personal data is processed
request that your personal data is erased if there is no longer a justification for it
ask that the processing of your personal data is restricted in certain circumstances
If you have any of these requests, please contact us by emailing privacy@bridgeaceplus.com
Links to other websites
The BridgeAce app, and the website
www.bridgeaceplus.com
, may have links to other apps and websites provided by Breva Bridge Card Game Ltd, and all our apps and websites are also governed by, and adhere to, this privacy policy
This privacy notice does not cover other external websites or services that we may link to. These will all have their own terms and conditions and privacy policies.
Following a link to another website
If you go to another website from this one, read the privacy policy on that website to find out what it does with your information.
Contact us or make a complaint
Contact the Privacy Team if you:
have a question about anything in this privacy notice
think that your personal data has been misused or mishandled
Privacy Team
Any privacy issues, please send us an email to
privacy@bridgeaceplus.com
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO):
Data Protection Officer
Breva Bridge Card Game Ltd
4 Worthington Drive,
Salford M7 4HG,
UK
You can also contact us by telephone – +44 (0)161 792 3821
Changes to this policy
We may change this privacy policy. In that case, the ‘last updated’ date at the bottom of this page will also change. Any changes to this privacy policy will apply to you and your data immediately.
Last updated 15
th
November 2021