POLLEN SENSE LLC
END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
This Sales and Software License Agreement (“Agreement”) is a legally
binding contract between you (hereinafter referred to as “Licensee”) and Pollen
Sense, LLC (hereinafter referred to as “Pollen Sense”). By purchasing any
Device, Pollen Software, Data (as those terms are defined below), or any
licenses or leases thereto, you agree to the terms of this Agreement. More
specifically, the parties agree as follows:
1.
GENERAL
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensee
desires to acquire from Pollen Sense, and Pollen Sense desires to sell or
lease, as the case may be, to Licensee, any of, (1) a device which quantifies
particulates from the ambient air (“Device”); (2) license to the software
accompanying the device (“Embedded Software”); (3) license to access online
services (“Web Software”) to which Devices report collected data; (4) license
to access mobile App(s) (“App Software”); and/or (5) license to processed or
raw data outputs of one or more Devices (“Data”); for the amounts listed on
Pollen Sense’s quote or website (the “Point of Sale”).  Web Software, App
Software, and Embedded Software including all updates, modifications,
corrections, enhancements or replacements thereto that are generally made
available by Pollen Sense, and shall together be referred to as “Pollen
Software”.
2.           DEVICE LEASE (if applicable)
2.1.       Pollen
Sense shall lease to Licensee the Device described in the Point of Sale.
2.2.       Licensee
agrees to pay Pollen Sense rent for possession and use of the Device in the
amount and for the term specified at the Point of Sale. Upon termination of the
lease period, Licensee shall return the Device to Pollen Sense within 30 days
at its own expense.
2.3.       If
the Device is being provided at no cost to Licensee on a trial, promotional, or
similar basis, Licensee shall maintain the Device in good working condition and
ensure Device is actually operating no less than 90% of the time of trial,
promotional, or similar period. Failure to comply with this paragraph shall
constitute default under Section 2.5.
2.4.       Licensee
shall maintain Device in good working condition, reasonable wear and tear
excepted. Licensee shall be responsible for repair or replacement, at Pollen
Sense’s option, of any Device in Licensee’s possession with damage in excess of
reasonable wear and tear.
2.5.       In
case of Licensee’s failure to pay any installment of rent or to fulfill or
perform any other agreement or condition required to be fulfilled or performed
by Licensee, or if proceedings are instituted by or against Licensee under any
provision of the Bankruptcy Act or for the appointment of a receiver, or if
Licensee shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, Licensee shall
be in default hereunder and shall return the Device to Pollen Sense.
Furthermore, Pollen Sense may (exercised at any time thereafter and without
notice to or demand on Licensee) declare the entire unpaid amount of the rent due
for the lease period specified at the Point of Sale immediately due and payable
and Pollen Sense may institute proceedings to enforce payment thereof and
Licensee may repossess the Equipment with or without legal process.
3.     GRANT OF LICENSE
3.1. 
     Pollen Sense hereby grants to Licensee during the term of this Agreement,
and Licensee accepts from Pollen Sense, a limited, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, and non-sub-licensable license to use Pollen Software in
accordance with EXHIBIT A.  The license granted herein shall continue unless
and until terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
3.2.       The
Device does not transmit or save raw data it collects; all data are processed
using the Embedded Software and Web Software.  Licensee agrees that all data
, whether in raw or
processed form,
produced
by
the
Device, or processed by the
Pollen Software
are
the property of Pollen
Sense.
3.3.       Pollen
Sense hereby grants to Licensee during the term of this Agreement, and Licensee
accepts from Pollen Sense, a limited, non-exclusive, and non-transferable
license to use Data in accordance with EXHIBIT A.  If Licensee owns or leases a
Device, Licensee may sublicense Data from that Device to third parties. The
license granted herein shall continue unless and until terminated in accordance
with the provisions of this Agreement.
3.4. 
     The license to the Pollen Software granted herein is limited to object
code and related documentation pertaining thereto (“Documentation”) only.  This
Agreement grants no rights to use, copy, modify, distribute, license or create
derivative works of the source code of any Pollen Software or to disassemble,
decompile, reverse engineer, or otherwise derive the source code of any Pollen
Software or Device in any manner.
3.5. 
     This Agreement is not a sale of Pollen Software or Data nor is it a
transfer of any intellectual or proprietary rights in Pollen Software or Data. 
Except for the licensed rights expressly granted in this Agreement, Licensee
acknowledges and agrees that Licensee does not acquire any right, title or
interest in or to Pollen Software or Data.  Licensee further acknowledges and
agrees that Pollen Sense shall at all times retain its ownership rights in Pollen
Software and all subsequent copies and modifications of Pollen Software,
regardless of the form or media in or on which the original and other copies
may subsequently exist. Pollen Sense may use Data in any way it deems
desirable, including licensing Data to third parties, provided, however, that
if an owner or lessor of Device requests attribution of Data from the subject
device, Pollen Sense shall attribute the Data licensed to the third party to
the owner or lessor of the Device. Such attribution shall not be required when
Data is aggregated with Data from other Devices.
3.6. 
     Licensee acknowledges that Pollen Sense reserves the right, at any time
and without notice, to monitor compliance with the terms of this Agreement and
to otherwise protect its rights in and to Pollen Software and Data by
incorporating license management technology into Pollen Software and monitoring
usage, including, without limitation, time, date, access or other controls,
counters, serial numbers and/or other security devices.
3.7. 
     Licensee acknowledges that all title and copyrights in and to Pollen
Software (including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations,
video, audio, music, text, “applets,” and “plug-ins,” incorporated into Pollen
Software) and Data, the accompanying printed materials, and any copies of
Pollen Software and Data are owned by Pollen Sense.
4.          OBLIGATIONS OF LICENSEE
4.1. 
     Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement and regardless of whether
Licensee purchases or leases the Device, Pollen Software, or Data, Licensee may
not: (a) copy, store, reproduce, transmit, distribute, display, rent, lease,
sell, modify, alter, license or commercially exploit Pollen Software or any
part thereof; (b) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, translate or create
any derivative work of the Device or Pollen Software, or any part thereof; (c)
obscure, erase, remove, or alter any proprietary or intellectual property
notice including any trademarks, trade names, logos, patent or copyright
markings contained in or on the Device or Pollen Software, or any part thereof,
or any information displayed, transmitted or printed from Pollen Software; (d)
use or permit use of Pollen Software for timesharing or on a service bureau
basis or otherwise for or in support of, directly or indirectly, any person or
entity other than Licensee’s employees and contractors performing work for
Licensee and bound to treat Pollen Software as Confidential Information.
4.2. 
     Licensee hereby assigns and transfers to Pollen Sense all of Licensee’s
right, title and interest in and to any modifications or derivative works of
Pollen Software created for Licensee by Pollen Sense or its suppliers, such
assignment being effective upon creation of such works, and shall include,
without limitation, all rights under any intellectual property laws, including
copyright.
4.3  
     Licensee shall comply with all applicable export, import, or other
relevant laws of any applicable jurisdiction.  Determination of the applicable
law and obtaining any necessary export or import approval for Pollen Software
is the sole responsibility of the Licensee.  Licensee agrees to comply with all
export laws and restrictions and regulations of the United States or foreign agencies
or authorities, and not to export or re-export Pollen Software or any direct
product thereof in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations, or
without all necessary approvals.
4.4        The
Device requires at least intermittent connection to the public internet. 
Licensee agrees to provide this connection, and cover the costs and risks
associated with this connection.  Licensee will also monitor the network
conditions and notify Pollen Sense as soon as possible of any network intrusions,
denial of service attacks, or any other suspicious network activity, so that
Pollen Sense can properly manage and secure the device.  The Device has remote
access software installed, which allows Pollen Sense to remotely monitor,
update, and manage the device.  Licensee will allow, and will take no measures
to prevent Pollen Sense from accessing this remote access software.
4.5        Licensee
hereby agrees to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use for Online Customers found
in Exhibits A and B, respectively.
5.          FEES
5.1. 
     Licensee agrees to pay Pollen Sense the Purchase Price, License Fees, and
Subscription Fees as set forth at the Point of Sale for any Device sold or
leased and any licenses granted hereunder.  The fees paid hereunder are
non-refundable and are due at the time of purchase or lease unless other terms
are explicitly stated by Pollen Sense.
5.2. 
     Licensee shall be responsible for and shall pay all taxes, duties and
levies of any kind imposed by any governmental entity with respect to the
transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including interest and
penalties thereon (exclusive of taxes on Pollen Sense’s net income),
irrespective of whether included in any invoice sent to Licensee at any time by
Pollen Sense.  Licensee shall provide copies of any and all exemption
certificates to Pollen Sense if Licensee is entitled to any exemption.
6.          LIMITED WARRANTIES
6.1. 
     Licensee represents and warrants to Pollen Sense that: (a) Licensee shall
be solely responsible for all use of Device, Pollen Software, and Data by
Licensee; (b) Licensee has the full authority and right to enter into this
Agreement; (c) the undersigned representative of Licensee is authorized to
execute this Agreement on behalf of Licensee; and (d) Licensee agrees to take
all reasonable steps to protect Device and Pollen Software from unauthorized
use, illegal reproduction, or illicit distribution.
6.2. 
     Pollen Sense represents and warrants to Licensee that: (a) Pollen Sense
has the full authority and right to enter into this Agreement and to grant the
licenses granted hereunder; (b) the undersigned representative of Pollen Sense
is authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf of Pollen Sense; and (c) upon
delivery and continuing during the term of this agreement, Device and Pollen
Software will operate substantially in accordance with the Documentation.  In
the event of a failure of the warranty in Section
6
.2(c), Licensee’s exclusive remedy
is to report the error or deficiency and Pollen Sense will correct the error or
deficiency with reasonable commercial efforts and diligence so as to make
Pollen Software comply with the Documentation.
6.3.       THERE IS A LIMITED,
TWELVE (12) MONTH WARRANTY FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE OR LEASE ON THE DEVICE
WHICH INCLUDES ONLY THE REPAIR AND/OR REPLACEMENT OF PARTS AND DOES NOT COVER
THE EXPENSE ASSOCIATED WITH SHIPPING TO POLLEN SENSE.  THIS LIMITED WARRANTY IS
VOID IF LICENSEE ATTEMPTS ANY SELF-SERVICE OR IF ANY OTHER PARTY ATTEMPTS TO
REPAIR THE DEVICE.  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY WARRANTED IN SECTIONS 6.1 AND 6.2 OR IN
THIS SECTION 6.3 IMMEDIATELY ABOVE, THE DEVICE AND THE POLLEN SOFTWARE ARE
PROVIDED “AS IS” AND BOTH PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  POLLEN
SENSE DOES NOT WARRANT, GUARANTEE, OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE
USE, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE, OF POLLEN SOFTWARE IN TERMS OF ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY, CURRENTNESS, COMPLETENESS, FUNCTIONALITY, INTENDED PURPOSE, OR
OTHERWISE.
6.4.       During the term of this
Agreement, Pollen Sense will provide the following Hosting Services with
respect to the Pollen Software:   (a) Pollen Sense will host Pollen Software on
hardware under the control of and managed by Pollen Sense and provide access to
Pollen Software to Licensee; (b) Pollen Sense will correct within the time
frames set forth in this Agreement any reported failure of the Pollen Software
to conform to or perform in accordance with this Agreement at no charge to
Licensee; (c) Pollen Sense will furnish Licensee all updates which are released
generally by Pollen Sense to its licensees; (d) Pollen Sense will provide
Licensee with telephone-based support to assist Licensee with any Pollen
Software that fails to conform to this Agreement due to actual defect in Pollen
Software; and (e) Pollen Sense will provide data backup services for Pollen
Software.
6.4.1.    The Pollen Software’s
failure to conform to this Agreement will be divided into three classes of
severity: (i) a “critical” nonconformance shall be any nonconformance causing a
complete failure of the Pollen Software or a nonconformance that has a material
adverse impact on Licensee’s business operations; (ii)  a “serious”
nonconformance shall be any nonconformance which seriously impairs the
functionality of the Pollen Software (this includes any critical nonconformance
for which a work-around or detour solution has been devised or identified); and
(iii) a “minor” nonconformance shall be any nonconformance which does not
seriously impair the functionality of the Pollen Software.
6.4.2.   Pollen Sense will make
every reasonable effort to provide a response to a report of the
above-described nonconformities by Licensee according to the following response
schedule: (a) all “critical” nonconformities shall be responded to by Pollen
Sense within eight (8) hours from the time that Licensee first reports such
nonconformity to Pollen Sense;  (b) all “serious” nonconformities shall be
responded to by Pollen Sense within one (1) service day from the time that
Licensee first reports such nonconformity to Pollen Sense; and (c) all “minor”
nonconformities shall be responded to by Pollen Sense within five (5) service
days of the date that Licensee first reports such nonconformity's to Pollen
Sense. Pollen Sense’s duty to respond shall consist of (i) delivery of an
existing or new update, modification or enhancement to correct such
nonconformance; or (ii) identification of a workaround or detour solution; or
(iii) a request for more information for purposes of analyzing or verifying the
nonconformance; or (iv) delivery of a plan for correcting the nonconformance.
6.4.3.   A “Service Outage” shall
mean a period of at least five (5) consecutive hours during which the Pollen
Software are not available to Licensee, other than scheduled maintenance, which
shall not be deemed a Service Outage.
6.4.4.   Pollen Sense shall make
all reasonable efforts to schedule
Pollen Software
maintenance activities outside of
8 am to 8 pm Mountain time (“Normal Business Hours”).  Should maintenance be
required during Normal Business Hours, Pollen Sense shall notify Licensee prior
to conducting any such maintenance except in such cases where Pollen Sense
determines that maintenance must be performed immediately in order to correct a
malfunction or to avoid more serious consequences.  Failure by Pollen Sense to
provide Licensee such prior notification of scheduled maintenance that occurs
during Normal Business Hours shall be deemed a Service Outage.
6.4.5.   In the event of a Service
Outage, Licensee must notify Pollen Sense of the outage.  Pollen Sense shall use
all reasonable efforts to restore access to the Pollen Software, perform
root-cause analysis of the outage, and to the degree possible take actions to
reduce the likelihood of a repeat outage.
6.4.6.   Pollen Sense shall credit
Licensee for Service Outages experienced by Licensee during any service month
based on the cumulative length of such outages as a percentage of total service
period time, according to the schedule below:
Cumulative Length of Service
Outage(s)                        Credit of Hosting Services
1.0% to 5.0% (95.0% to 99.0%
uptime)                              10% of monthly software fee
5.1 % to 10.0% (90.0% to 94.90%                                       25%
of monthly software fee
10.1% and greater (less than 89.9%
uptime)                       50% of monthly software fee
6.4.7.   For each Service Outage in
any calendar month, Licensee’s account will be credited the pro-rata charges,
as shown in the schedule herein, of the quarterly recurring fee for such
services.  Pollen Sense will calculate a Service Outage as defined herein, but
will not include unavailability resulting from: (a) minimally disruptive Pollen
Sense network maintenance; (b) Hardware Failure, as described herein.
6.4.8.   This Section 6 identifies
Licensee’s sole remedies for Service Outages.
6.4.9.    Hosting Services do not include:
(a) repair, replacement, correction, or adjustment of any malfunction to the
extent caused by: (i) errors made by either Licensee’s end users or Licensee’s
administrative / setup personnel (ii) unauthorized modification or repair of
the Pollen Software by anyone other than Pollen Sense; or (iii) accident,
catastrophe, abuse, misuse or material user error; (b) new modules, options or
applications for which Pollen Sense establishes a separate license fee; (c) any
custom software design, development, installation, implementation, or
consulting services; (d) any implementation or consulting services; (e)
services associated with upgrading any portion of the implementation of Pollen
Software that has been customized for a given implementation including any
modifications to Pollen Sense’s software module; and (f) issues associated with
a particular Device’s operation.
6.4.10   Pollen Sense shall not be
liable to the Licensee in any manner or be deemed to be in breach of this
Agreement because of any delay in performing or any failure to perform any of
the obligations under this Agreement if the delay or failure was due to any
cause beyond Pollen Sense’s reasonable control (which shall include, but not be
limited to government actions, war, fire, explosion, flood, import or export
regulations or embargoes, labor disputes or inability to obtain or a delay in
obtaining supplies of Goods or labor).
6.4.11   Throughout the term of
this Agreement, at Pollen Sense’s request, Licensee will cooperate with Pollen
Sense in identifying the cause of any claimed failure of the Pollen Software to
substantially conform to or perform substantially in accordance with the
Agreement, including without limita­tion, providing Pollen Sense with such
documentation and other informa­tion concerning any such claimed failure as
Pollen Sense may reasonably request.
6.4.12.  The support services
described in this Agreement will be provided by Pollen Sense to Licensee by
telephone, or email during the hours of 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Mountain
Standard Time, Monday through Friday, excluding public holidays.  The number to
call for such non-conformity is +1 765-536-9449.  Support requests can also be
sent to
support@pollensense.com
6.5.       There is risk of security breach, malware,
and other vulnerabilities for any computing devices connected to the public
internet.  Pollen Sense shall make commercially reasonable efforts to follow
industry standard security practices and has taken precautions to minimize the
probability of security related problems with the Device.  Nonetheless, Pollen
Sense makes no guarantee regarding the security of the Device, or the effect
the Device may have, if infected, on other devices which might be connected to
the same network.  Licensee assumes all risk in this regard, and will be solely
responsible for monitoring and/or safeguarding the network. Nothwithstanding
the foregoing, Pollen Sense will make commercially reasonable efforts to
quickly address any security related issues with a Device.
7.          LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY
7.1. 
     Pollen Sense's liability, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, arising
out of or in connection with the Device, Pollen Software, Documentation or this
Agreement shall not exceed the amounts paid to Pollen Sense by Licensee for
Pollen Software that gave rise to such claim.
7.2. 
     IN NO EVENT SHALL POLLEN SENSE BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR TORT DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF
ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR LOSS OF BUSINESS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THIS AGREEMENT, THE PERFORMANCE OF POLLEN SOFTWARE OR POLLEN SENSE'S
PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES OR OF ANY OTHER OBLIGATIONS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT
OR POLLEN SOFTWARE, WHETHER OR NOT LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
8.          INDEMNIFICATION
8.1. 
     Pollen Sense shall defend, indemnify and hold Licensee harmless (including
payment of all reasonable costs, attorneys’ fees, settlements and damages) from
any actions brought against Licensee to the extent that it is based on a claim
that the Device, Pollen Software or Documentation infringe any U.S. registered
copyright or U.S. registered patent of any third party, provided that: (a)
Pollen Sense is promptly notified in writing of the claim; (b) Pollen Sense has
sole control of the investigation, preparation, defense, and/or settlement of
such claim; (c) at Pollen Sense’s request and expense, Licensee provides
reasonable assistance and information to Pollen Sense.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Pollen Sense shall have no liability with respect to any claim that
arises from (x) the use, operation, or combination of Pollen Software or
Documentation with programs, data, equipment, or materials not provided by
Pollen Sense if such infringement would have been avoided by the use of Pollen
Software or Documentation without such other programs, data, equipment, or
materials; (y) a modification of Pollen Software or Documentation by anyone
other than Pollen Sense; or (z) Licensee’s use of any release of Pollen
Software for which Pollen Sense no longer offers support services or for which
infringement could have been avoided by Licensee’s use of a superseding version
of Pollen Software.
8.2. 
     In the event of any such infringement claim, Pollen Sense may at its sole
option: (a) replace the infringing Pollen Software with functionally equivalent
software; (b) modify such Pollen Software to render the same non-infringing,
while retaining substantively equivalent functionality; (c) procure the right
to continue to use such Pollen Software at no cost to Licensee; or (d) if the
foregoing are not commercially reasonable, direct Licensee to terminate use of
such Pollen Software.  If Pollen Sense directs Licensee to terminate use of
such Pollen Software (or a permanent injunction is issued against such use),
Licensee shall immediately terminate such use.  If Licensee’s use of Pollen Software
is terminated pursuant to this Section 8.2, Licensee's remedies, in addition to
the indemnification set out herein, shall be limited to the right to terminate
this Agreement and receive a pro rata refund of the license fees previously
paid for such Pollen Software based on a term of thirty (30) days.
8.3. 
     THIS ARTICLE SPECIFIES
LICENSEE'S
SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY
AND POLLEN SENSE’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE
OBLIGATION WITH RESPECT TO THE INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
8.4. 
     Licensee shall defend, indemnify and hold Pollen Sense harmless (including
payment of all reasonable costs, attorneys’ fees, settlements and damages) from
any and all claims based on Licensee's use or possession of the Device, Pollen
Software, and Data excluding third party claims for which Pollen Sense has an
obligation to indemnify Licensee pursuant to Section 8.1; provided that: (a)
Licensee is promptly notified in writing of the claim; (b) Licensee has sole
control of the investigation, preparation, defense, and/or settlement of such
claim; (c) at Licensee’s request and expense, Pollen Sense provides reasonable
assistance and information to Licensee.
9.          CONFIDENTIALITY
9.1. 
     For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Confidential Information” shall
mean (a) any information or materials, in whatever form, received by one party
from the other (the “Disclosing Party”) about the Disclosing Party’s business,
business plans, customers, suppliers, strategies, trade secrets, operations,
records, finances, assets and technologies,(b) any other confidential or
proprietary information designated as such in writing by the Disclosing Party;
provided, however, information shall not be deemed Confidential Information if
it: (a) is or becomes a part of the public domain through no act or omission of
the other party; (b) was in the other party's lawful possession prior to the
disclosure and had not been obtained by the other party from the Disclosing
Party; (c) is lawfully disclosed to the other party by a third party without
restriction on disclosure; or (d) is independently developed by the other
party.
9.2. 
     The parties agree, both during the term of this Agreement and thereafter,
to hold each other's Confidential Information in confidence and utilize it only
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Except as expressly permitted
by this Agreement, each party shall limit the use of, and access to, all
Confidential Information of the other party to its immediate household, employees,
or agents whose use of or access to such Confidential Information is necessary
to fulfill the objectives of this Agreement.  Each party shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized disclosure, publication, display or
use of any Confidential Information of the other party.  Neither party shall
copy any Confidential Information of the other party without the prior written
consent of the other party, and shall reproduce all such notices on any copies
of Confidential Information that such party is authorized to make.  Neither
party shall remove any copyright, proprietary rights or confidentiality notice
included in or affixed to any Confidential Information of the other party. 
Licensee agrees that Pollen Sense may use Licensee’s name to disclose that it
is a Device owner and/or licensee of Pollen Software and services in Pollen
Sense’s advertising, promotion, and similar public disclosures with respect to
Device or Pollen Software; provided, however, that such advertising, promotion,
or similar public disclosures shall not indicate that Licensee in any way
endorses the Device or Pollen Software, without prior written permission of
Licensee.
9.3. 
     Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, each party shall return
to the Disclosing Party, at the request of the Disclosing Party, all
Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party and certify in writing to the
Disclosing Party, within ten (10) days following termination or expiration,
that all such Confidential Information has been returned.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in the event of dispute, the parties may retain, until resolution of
such dispute, one (1) copy of Confidential Information of the other party, and
which is reasonably necessary to use for the dispute.  The obligations of
confidentiality shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement
for five (5) years.
10.
TERM and TERMINATION
10.1  
   Unless earlier terminated as provided below, the initial term of this
Agreement shall be for twenty-four (24) months from the Effective Date and,
unless either Party gives thirty (30) days notice of non-renewal prior to the
end of the initial term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for
successive (3) month periods.
10.2  
   This Agreement may be terminated by written notice from one party to the
other party in the following circumstances: (a) either party may terminate if
the other party materially breaches or fails to observe or perform any material
term or condition of this Agreement (including failure to pay fees) and does
not cure such breach or failure within thirty (30) days after written demand;
or (b) if permitted by law, either party may terminate immediately, by
providing the other written notice to that effect, if the other party makes a
general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or files a voluntary petition
in bankruptcy or for reorganization or arrangement under the bankruptcy laws,
or if a petition in bankruptcy is filed against such other party and is not
dismissed within forty-five (45) days after the filing, or if a receiver or
trustee is appointed for all or any part of the property or assets of the other
party.
11.
EQUITABLE RELIEF
The covenants and agreements of Licensee in Articles 3 and 8 hereof are of
a special and unique character, and Licensee acknowledges that money damages
alone will not reasonably or adequately compensate Pollen Sense for any breach
of such covenants and agreements. Therefore, Pollen Sense and Licensee expressly
agree that in the event of the breach or threatened breach of any such
covenants or agreements, in addition to other rights or remedies which Pollen
Sense may have, at law, in equity, or otherwise, Pollen Sense shall be entitled
to seek injunctive or other equitable relief, without posting any bond,
compelling specific performance of, and other compliance with, the terms of
such Articles.
12.
MISCELLANEOUS
12.1.     This
Agreement, including EXHIBITS A,
and
B
hereto, set forth the entire
agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof, and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements and understandings
relating thereto.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original, but together shall constitute one and the
same document.  Once accepted, any reproduction of this Agreement made by
reliable means (including photocopy or facsimile) shall be considered an
original. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “written” means anything
reduced to a tangible form by a party, including a printed or hand-written
document, e-mail or other electronic format.
12.2.   
No waiver, alteration, modification, or cancellation of any of the provisions
of this Agreement shall be binding unless made in writing and signed by both
Pollen Sense and Licensee.  The failure of either Pollen Sense or Licensee at
any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no
manner affect the right at a later time to enforce such provision.  Except as
otherwise specified herein, no remedy referred to in this Agreement is intended
to be exclusive, but each shall be cumulative and in addition to any other
remedy referred to herein or otherwise available at law, in equity or
otherwise.
12.3.     All
notices to be given in connection with this Agreement shall be effective upon
receipt, shall be made in writing and shall be sufficiently given if personally
delivered or if sent by facsimile transmission, courier or other express mail
service, postage prepaid, return receipt requested and addressed to the party
entitled or required to receive such notice at the address for such party set
forth on the first page of this Agreement. Either party may by such notice to
the other change such address.
12.4.     This
Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, Pollen Sense and
Licensee and their respective legal representatives, successors and permitted
assigns.  Licensee shall not assign, sublicense or otherwise transfer any of
its rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, without the prior
written consent of Pollen Sense.  Any attempt of assignment or transfer without
Pollen Sense’s prior written consent shall be void, of no effect, and a
material breach of this Agreement.  For purposes of the foregoing, a sale of
all, or substantially all, of Licensee’s assets or a change in control of
Licensee shall constitute a transfer of Licensee’s duties hereunder.  There is
no intended benefit to any third party associated with or implicated by the
terms of this Agreement.
12.5.     In
the event that any provisions contained in this Agreement or any part thereof
shall for any reason be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect
by a court of competent jurisdiction, to such extent such provision shall be
deemed null and void and severed from this Agreement, and the remainder of this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  The headings appearing at the
beginning of the several sections contained in this Agreement have been
inserted for identification and reference purposes only and shall not be used
in the construction and interpretation of this Agreement.
12.6.     The
parties agree that this Agreement and the relations between Pollen Sense and
Licensee hereby established do not constitute a partnership, joint venture,
agency or contract of employment between them, or any other similar
relationship.
12.7.     Neither
party shall be liable for any delays in the performance of any of its
obligations hereunder due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including,
without limitation, acts of God, civil unrest, strikes, labor disputes, and
governmental demands or requirements.
12.8.     The
provisions of Articles 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, and 12 and Exhibits A and B shall
survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for any reason.
12.9.     This
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with,
the substantive laws of the State of Utah without regard to its principles of
conflicts of laws or the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of
Goods.
12.10. 
The parties agree that the jurisdiction and venue of any action with respect to
this Agreement shall be in a court of competent subject matter jurisdiction
located in the State of Utah, Salt Lake County.  The parties hereby consent to
personal jurisdiction and proper venue in the courts in the State of Utah, Salt
Lake County.
12.11  
The parties further agree that this agreement shall accrue to the benefit of
and otherwise bind each party’s successors, heirs and/or proper assigns.
EXHIBIT A
Privacy Policy
Pollen
Sense maintains a brick-and-mortar location or locations as well as an internet
website.  Our website does not collect personal information from you unless you
provide it to us voluntarily or knowingly.  Although our website does not
require a login or account to view much of the website content, you are
required to create an account with a password in order to access certain data. 
In addition to other services described in this Privacy Policy, Pollen Sense
uses information supplied by you to provide services you have requested.  For
example, the information may be used to provide you with newsletters, email,
and other Pollen Sense information as requested by you.
Depending
on the feature or service you request or register for, Pollen Sense may collect
one or more of the following types of personal identifying information: name,
phone number, address, e-mail address, username, and password.  You will be
able to access and review the personally identifying information provided to us
by logging in on our website.  In addition, you can correct or change any
personally identifying information by editing your profile while logged into
our website.
The
personally identifying information provided by you to Pollen Sense will only be
used for the purpose of providing the services requested by you.  In the event
you would like to opt out of any service previously requested by you, you may
do so by e-mailing us
at
support@pollensense.com
.
Pollen Sense may share your
personally identifying information with its brick-and-mortar physical location
but will not share your personally identifying information with any other party
for their use, other than for their use solely in providing services to Pollen
Sense.  Although we may publish reports with aggregate information to assist in
our ability to adequately serve our customers
,
the reports will not include
information about any individual user.
In
order to effectively operate our website and business operations, we also need
to make your information, whether personally identifiable or not, available to
third parties in the following limited circumstances: (1) when you have
consented to such disclosure, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is
required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is required to protect
our rights or property, or (4) in the event of a merger, consolidation or sale
or transfer of all or substantially all of Pollen Sense  or its assets to the
successor in interest of the same. We restrict their use of any information to
their assigned tasks and subject to the limitations of this Privacy Policy.
In
addition, like many companies, we may use cookies on our site to collect
aggregate information. Among other things, the cookies will tell us whether you
have visited our site before.  The cookies will not track personal information
about you or provide us with any way to contact you.  Cookies are simply a good
way for us to ensure a pleasant experience for our users.
Our
website may also contain links to other websites, including sites that are
owned or operated by us or our affiliates.  The links will always take you
sites that have their own privacy policies that are not subject to this Privacy
Policy. You should always check the privacy policy of the site you are visiting
to ensure you are aware of your rights.
This
Privacy Policy may change from time to time.  In the event any substantive
changes are made to this Privacy Policy, all registered users will be placed on
notice by e-mail via the e-mail address provided to use by the user.
Security
Pollen
Sense employs security measures to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of
the information under our control. Although we make good faith efforts to store
information in a secure environment, we cannot guarantee complete security.
EXHIBIT
B
Terms of Use for Online/App
Customers
Terms of Use:
This
Terms of Use Agreement (the "Agreement") is between you and Pollen
Sense, LLC ("Pollen Sense" "we", "us" and
"our"). This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions upon which
we make available
pollensense.com
,
pollenwise.com
, or any subdomains or domains owned by Pollen Sense,
its content, products, services, and mobile App(s) to you (collectively
"Website"). Your use of the Website is expressly conditioned on your
compliance with this Agreement. By checking the box that states "I have
read and agree" and/or by using the Website, you are indicating that you
agree with and have read the most recent version of this Agreement and agree to
be bound by its terms. We reserve the right to modify this Agreement at any
time without notice. Amendments to this statement will be effective when posted
on our website. Your continued use of this Website following the posting of any
amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof.  As
a result, we admonish you to check back often for any amendments which might
impact your obligations and rights under this Agreement.
Privacy:
Our
use of your information is governed at all times by our Privacy Policy, which
can be found on our website and which is incorporated into this Agreement.
Whenever you provide us information, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate,
current and complete information and (b) maintain and promptly update such information
to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information
that is, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect is, untrue, inaccurate, not
current or incomplete, we may suspend or terminate your access to the Website
and refuse any and all current or future use of the Website (or any portion
thereof). Some portions of the Website require you to register and you may be
asked to select a password to do such things.  Please select a password that
would not be obvious to someone trying to guess your password, and change it
regularly as an added precaution. You agree to maintain the confidentiality of
your password(s) and account(s), and you agree that you are fully responsible
and accountable for all activities that occur under your account(s). You agree
to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or an account
or any other breach of security. We reserve the right to take any and all
action, as we deem necessary or reasonable, to help ensure the security of the
Website and any Website account, including without limitation terminating such
account, or requesting additional information to authorize transactions on such
account. Notwithstanding the above, we may rely on the authority of anyone
accessing your account(s) or using your password(s) and in no event and under
no circumstances shall we be held liable to you for any liabilities or damages
resulting from or arising out of (i) any action or inaction of Pollen Sense
under this provision, (ii) any compromise of the confidentiality of your
account(s) or password(s) and (iii) any unauthorized access to your account(s)
or use of your password(s). You may not use anyone else's account at any time.
Risk of Loss:
All
items purchased from this Website are made pursuant to a shipment contract. You
agree that the risk of loss and title for such items passes to you upon our
delivery to the carrier.
Typographical Errors:
In
the event that a product listed on this Website is mistakenly listed at an
incorrect price, Pollen Sense reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders
placed for the product or service listed at the incorrect price. Pollen Sense
reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order
has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has
already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Pollen Sense
shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect
price.
Prohibited Conduct:
You
agree not to: (1) access or attempt to access any information, documents or
material that you are not authorized to access through any means not
intentionally made available through the Website; (2) disrupt or interfere with
the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the Website, material, documents,
systems resources, accounts, passwords, servers or networks connected to or
accessible through the Website or any affiliated or linked websites; (3) access
or use the Website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or
impair any Pollen Sense server and/or server used by Pollen Sense in connection
with the Website or any network(s) connected to any Pollen Sense server and/or
server used by Pollen Sense in connection with the Website; (4) use any
material or documents in any manner that infringes any intellectual property
rights or other rights of any party; (5) transmit unsolicited or bulk
communications to any Pollen Sense account holder or to any pollensense.com or
other e-mail address associated with Pollen Sense; (6) post or otherwise submit
any software, programs or files that are harmful or disruptive of another's
equipment, software or other property, including any corrupted files, time
bombs, Trojan Horses, viruses and worms; (7) disrupt, interfere or inhibit any
other user from using and enjoying the Website or other websites, material,
documents or services associated with Pollen Sense; (8) violate any applicable
laws or regulations related to the access to or use of the Website, and/or any
portion thereof, and/or engage in any activity prohibited by this Agreement;
(9) prepare, compile, use download or otherwise copy any user information
and/or usage information or any portion thereof, or transmit, provide or
otherwise distribute (whether or not for a fee) such information to any third
party except for Data as previously described; (10) engage in any chain
letters, contests, junk e-mail pyramid schemes, spamming, surveys or any other
duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise); (11) use any
robot, spider, scraper, or other such programmatic or automatic device,
including but not limited to, automated dial-in or inquiry devices, to obtain
information from the Website or otherwise monitor or copy any portion of the
Website and/or (13) use any Pollen Sense domain name as a pseudonymous return
email address.
Use Policies:
Pollen
Sense may offer opportunities to participate in forums such as message boards,
social media or product reviews (collectively "Online Community").
Pollen Sense asks that you respect our Online Community and participating
individuals. Your conduct should be guided by common sense and basic etiquette.
Any opinions, advice, statements, or other information that constitutes part of
the content expressed or made available by third parties in the Online
Community are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Pollen
Sense, its shareholders, directors, officers, or employees. We may review and
delete any content, in whole or in part, that in the sole judgment of Pollen
Sense violates this Agreement or which might in Pollen Sense’s sole discretion
be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights of, or harm any third
parties, but Pollen Sense is under no obligation to do so. Pollen Sense does
not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of material submitted by third
parties participating in the Online Community. Under no circumstances will
Pollen Sense, its shareholders, officers, directors, or employees be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained
through the Online Community. It is your responsibility to evaluate the
information, opinion, advice, or other content available.
You
agree that you are responsible for any posts that you make, and for any
consequences thereof. You may only post and/or transmit information using your
legal or user name. To further these common goals when posting any material to
any Online Community, including without limitation, any statement or other content,
or otherwise participating in the Online Community, you agree not to:
·
Post and/or transmit any material
that is unrelated to the subject matter of the Online Community;
·
Violate the rights of Pollen Sense
or any third party (including rights of privacy and publicity);
·
Post and/or transmit any material
that is or deemed by Pollen Sense to be defamatory, libelous, false, misleading
or inaccurate, obscene, pornographic, indecent, abusive, vulgar, violent, bigoted,
illegal, racially offensive, hateful, harassing, profane, sexually oriented,
threatening, offensive, invasive of personal privacy or sexually graphic or
explicit;
·
Post and/or transmit information
that promotes or facilitates illegal activities or piracy;
·
Post and/or transmit any material
(i) that you don't have the right to post or transmit under applicable law,
including copyright, trademark, trade secret or securities laws, or (ii) in
violation of your obligations any third party, including nondisclosure
agreements;
·
Post and/or transmit without
authorization people's private and confidential information such as credit card
numbers, social security numbers, and driver's and other license numbers.
·
Falsely state or otherwise
misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity. We reserve the right to
investigate and take legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion,
violates the restrictions set forth in this Agreement, including without limitation
removing any offending information or material and terminating your access to
the Online Community.
Third Party Content and Links to Third Party Sites:
WE
MAY DISPLAY ON THE WEBSITE USER CONTENT, INFORMATION, ADVICE, INSTRUCTIONS,
VIDEOS, STATEMENTS, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, AND OTHER MATERIALS FROM THIRD PARTIES,
AND LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF SUCH
INFORMATION RELATING TO SUCH THIRD PARTY CONTENT, ANY LINKED SITE OR ANY LINK
CONTAINED IN A LINKED SITE. IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY TO ANYONE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY
USE, CONTINUED USE OR RELIANCE ON ANY THIRD PARTY CONTENT DISPLAYED ON THE
WEBSITE, ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR OTHER MATERIALS RELATING TO ANY SUCH
CONTENT, ANY LINKED THIRD-PARTY SITE, OR ANY LINK CONTAINED IN A LINKED SITE.
Submissions:
You
agree that Pollen Sense is free to use any communication, comments,
information, ideas, concepts, reviews, techniques, content or any other
material you may send to us, including, without limitation, surveys, responses
to questionnaires or through postings and/or submissions to the Online
Community and Website without further compensation, acknowledgement or payment
to you for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing,
manufacturing and marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the
Website and our products and services. Furthermore, by submitting any comment
or other material to the Online Community and/or the Website, submitting
information to us, or in responding to questionnaires, you grant us a
perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, royalty-free, irrevocable,
sublicenseable, worldwide license and right to display, use, perform,
reproduce, modify, distribute and create derivative works of such material or
information submitted in any media, software, or technology of any kind now
existing or developed in the future. By posting or providing any such material
or information, you represent and warrant that public posting and use of such
material or information by Pollen Sense will not infringe on or violate the
rights of any third party.
Trademarks and Copyrights:
Pollen
Sense, Pollen Sense logo, Pollen Wise, Pollen Wise logo and other marks, logos,
graphics, and trade dress used on the Website are Pollen Sense’s trademarks or
the trademarks of third parties, and may not be used in any manner (including
in "meta-tags" or "hidden text") without our prior written
approval. All the materials contained on the Website are copyrighted except
where explicitly noted otherwise and are protected under national laws and
international treaties throughout the world. The Website may also contain
material that is subject to the copyright rights of third parties.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Policy:
We
respect the intellectual property rights of others, and ask you to do the same.
It is our policy to terminate the access privileges of those who repeatedly
infringe the copyright rights of others. If you believe that your work has been
posted on the Website in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please
contact us and provide the following information: (1) an electronic or physical
signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the
copyright interest; (2) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim
has been infringed, and identification of the URL or other specific location on
the Website where the material that you claim is infringing is located; (3)
your address, telephone number, and email address; (4) a statement by you that
you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the
copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (5) a statement by you, made under
penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and
that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's
behalf.
Entire Agreement:
This
Agreement is the entire understanding and agreement between Pollen Sense and
you with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Last amended: July
26
, 2019