StarKom
JDM Racing
Drift Legends
Heli Hell
Space Warrior
Moscow Dash
Instagram
Terms and Conditions
Effective Date: January 01, 2015
By registering for an
Starkom/Black Fox Intertainment Studio
Account ("Account"), using this site and/or any of Stakoment's/Black Fox Intertainment Studio online or mobile products and services, you agree to Starkom's/Black Fox Intertainment Studio Privacy Policy and that we may transfer and store your information in the Russian Federation. By registering, you agree that Starkom may process your data in accordance with the following privacy policy and that you will abide by Starkom's/Black Fox Intertainment Studio Terms of Service.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY STARKOM SITE, ONLINE OR MOBILE PRODUCT OR SERVICE. If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page or other places so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material or significant changes to this policy or the way we use your child's information, we will notify you or the parent/guardian here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the changes taking effect. Your continued use of our online and mobile products and services will signify your acceptance of the changes to our online Privacy Policy.
I.    What Is Personal Information And When Does Starkom/Black Fox Intertainment Studio Collect It?
Starkom/Black Fox Intertainment Studio collects both personal and non-personal consumer information. Personal information collected by Starkom is discussed below in this section.
Personal information is information that identifies you and that can be used alone, to contact you on-line or off-line. Starkom/Black Fox Intertainment Studio may collect personal information from our online visitors during:
Contest registration and prize acceptance;
Customer support and/or technical service requests;
Registration for games and/or special game-specific events;
Newsletter subscriptions, referral services, and other marketing surveys and email campaigns;
Registration for Starkom or other service accounts;
Creation of a personal profile;
Product, service and/or subscription orders;
Service requests from third party service providers on our site;
Access to our products and/or services on social networks or other third party services;
Otherwise through use of our software, mobile or online services where personal information is required for use and/or participation.
Information collected will vary depending upon the activity and may include only your email address.
II.    What Is Non-Personal Information and When Does Starkom/Black Fox Intertainment Studio Collect It?
Non-personal information, alone, cannot be used to identify or contact you. Starkom collects non-personal information about your use of our online and mobile products and services both on our website and in the course of game play and software usage (on PC, mobile platforms).
We will retain your information for as long as your Starkom/Black Fox Intertainment Studio Account is active or as needed to provide you services.
III.    Contact Information & Complaints Process
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact the Starkom support by electronic
feedback form
.
JDM Racing
Drift Legends
Heli Hell
Space Warrior
Moscow Dash
>contact us<
privacy
© All Rights Reserved. Starkom entertainment, LLC 2025