Welcome to our help centre
Here you can find the most common questions and answers
PLEASE READ THESE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS APPLICATION
These terms and conditions of use (the Terms) regulate the use of the
      mobile application service under the following name: WENEA (the App).
      Use of our App includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use and
      purchase from the App.
Please read these Terms carefully before you start to use our App, as
      these will apply to your use of our App.
WENEA TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
- OWNERSHIP
This App is owned and operated by WENEA SERVICES UK LIMITED (“Wenea”,
        “we”, “us”, and/or “our” in these Terms), registered in the Companies
        House with address at International House, 1 St. Katharine’s Way,
        London E1W 1YL.
We provide the App to facilitate electric vehicle (EV) charging in
        public charging points for Wenea customers (within the Wenea network).
        Wenea has all the necessary permits and licenses to act as a charging
        manager for EV in accordance with the applicable regulation in the
        United Kingdom.
- ACCEPTANCE
The content of the App, its application and the various services
        provided within shall be referred to as the Service. The Service is
        available to any user and is subject to the following Terms and the
        Wenea Privacy Notice.
When you use the Service, you accept our terms and conditions. By
        doing so, you agree to use this App only for legal and permitted
        purposes.
- DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE
Service
Through the Service, Wenea facilitates EV charging in public charging
        points for Wenea customers (within the Wenea network). You can use
        geolocation within the App to locate the closest charging points,
        request and pay for an EV charge, and monitor the status of the
        charging. Through geolocation within the App, you can always detect
        the charging points closest to your current location.
The provision of the Service is carried out as follows:
The App is downloaded through Google Play or the Apple App Store,
        searching for the name: Wenea. Downloading the App is free.
Once the App is downloaded, you may register using one of the methods
        provided:
By social login, where your personal information is synchronized by
          your Google's account or Apple's account (only available for iOS
          devices). In both cases, filling extra information could be required
          in order to complete the registration process.
By providing the following personal information:
Name and surname(s)*
Telephone number*
Individual identification document
Address
Vehicle identification details, including:
Brand
Model
Colour
Registration
Compatible connector type
In order to start a charge, it will also be necessary to provide
        payment information and accept these Terms.
After this, you will be able to access the map to locate the charging
        points closest to your location and start charging.
The App
The App is necessary to be able to enjoy the Wenea electric car
        charging service.
The Wenea App will have the following functions:
Consult the location of the Charging Stations
Check the configuration and status of the chargers
Establish routes
Request and pay for a car charge
Check the status of the active charge
Receive notifications when upload is complete
Consult the history of charges carried out
Create a custom list of filters, such as closest points, reload
          types and modes
Check and contract energy plans
Buy, obtain and use the Wenea token
Book a connector for charging purposes
Future functionalities that Wenea integrates in the future
User Assistance Service
Your account and password
You must sign up for an account to access the Services. Your account
        is for use by the named account holder only and you must not disclose
        your account details to any other person. You are responsible for
        keeping your account details safe. If you choose, or you are provided
        with, a username, password, or any other piece of information as part
        of our account or checkout security procedures, you must treat such
        information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third
        party.
You can cancel your account with Wenea at any time by sending an
        account deletion request by email to: customer@wenea.com to the postal
        address: Calle Acanto 22, Planta 14, CP 28045, Madrid, Spain, A/A:
        Customer Service - Wenea
In addition, Wenea may terminate or suspend an account (and any
        related accounts) as well as restrict access to the Service at any
        time, if in its reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any
        of the provisions of these Terms or if you have failed to log into
        your account for a period of 24 months. We will notify you by email in
        advance of disabling or terminating your account, username or
        password.
Requirements
To enjoy the Service and recharge your EV, you need a mobile device
        compatible with the App and an Internet connection. Some personal
        devices may not be able to use the Service, please ensure you have
        access to an internet connection and that the device meets the minimum
        requirements for use.
Types and way of recharging
When reserving a charging point, you will be able to choose between
        the different functions that the App provides on its map. The charging
        modes and connector types will depend on the specific station, charger
        or connector chosen to use the Service.
Geolocation
For correct use of the App, access to the geolocation of your device
        will be necessary. Prior to its installation, the App will inform you
        of its use of geolocation, and you can expressly accept or reject it.
In any case, you may revoke at any time the geolocation access the App
        has of your device, which would prevent the App from processing this
        data in accordance with the Privacy Notice below. However, if you deny
        the use of geolocation, you will not be able to use the App and
        associated Services in its most complete form.
The App will only be able to access geolocation data when accepted and
        the App is open and in use. If the use of geolocation is required on a
        continuous basis, we will inform you and ask for your express consent
        before this is implemented on your device.
- EXTERNAL LINKS
The App may include information and materials uploaded by third
        parties, including links to other sites or applications, pricing,
        listings and other guidance and resources. We have no control over and
        do not guarantee the existence, quality, safety or legality of any
        information provided by any third party; the truth or accuracy of
        third-party content; or the ability of third parties to sell services.
        We do not have any obligation to monitor any content on the App and we
        do not guarantee that such content has been verified or approved by
        us.
We have no control over the content of any third-party sites or
        resources that we link to. Such sites, applications and resources will
        have their own terms and conditions and you should make sure you
        review these before you use those sites.
- ROAMING
Users are informed that WENEA, due to roaming agreements with other
        charging operators, will make the availability of other operators'
        electric vehicle charging points visible on its application, and
        therefore WENEA accepts no responsibility for any incident in the
        operation of the charger in question. However, the user must first
        contact WENEA, via the customer service telephone number on the
        Application, to try to resolve the incident. If, due to the
        characteristics of the incident, it is not possible for WENEA to
        resolve it, the user should contact the operator.
Likewise, the user is informed that any charge made from the WENEA
        application will be paid for, by using the payment method stipulated
        in the conditions of clause 4 above.
Transfer of data. As a result of this roaming, the user is informed
        that NO personal data is transferred between the top-up operators and
        WENEA, and therefore the user's express consent is not required for
        this collaboration to take place. However, should this circumstance
        change, the user will be informed beforehand, as indicated in the
        Privacy Policy.
- YOUR USE OF THE APP
You must use the App in compliance with all applicable laws, rules,
        and regulations. You agree not to use the App for any unlawful,
        fraudulent, or inappropriate purpose.
- INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights,
        and any other rights, titles, and interests in our App, and in the
        material and content published on it. Those works are protected by
        copyright laws and treaties around the world. We do not grant you any
        rights unless these Terms otherwise say.
The texts, images, logos, distinctive signs, sounds, animations,
        videos, source code, as well as the hardware or software elements used
        to operate the App are property of Wenea.
Any transmission, distribution, reproduction, or storage, in whole or
        in part, carried out for profit, commercial and non-commercial
        purposes, of the stored contents, as well as the App, is expressly
        prohibited except with the prior and express consent of Wenea. You
        must not copy, reproduce, alter, modify, or create derivative works
        from the App. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as
        the authors of content on our App must always be acknowledged.
If you print off, copy, or download any part of our App in breach of
        these Terms, your right to use our App will cease immediately and you
        must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you
        have made.
The legitimacy of the intellectual and industrial property rights
        corresponding to the content provided by third parties is the sole
        responsibility of the third party in question.
- USER CONTENT
You can contribute and share suggestions and potential improvements to
        the Service by emailing us at: customer@wenea.com ("The Content").
We may use your Content in different ways, such as: displaying it on
        the App, reformatting it, translating it into other languages, editing
        it for clarity, correcting errors, promoting, or distributing it.
        Therefore, by submitting Content to us, you grant Wenea a free,
        non-exclusive, worldwide license to use the Content, and the right to
        transfer or sublicence the Content.
As a result of the licence, you give to us, we may: a) use, reproduce,
        modify, adapt, translate, distribute and publish content, create
        derivative works from it, display it and display it around the world,
        by any known means and for any legitimate purpose; and b) use any name
        in relation to that Content
Wenea reserves the right not to publish content or information that is
        false or contrary to the rights of third parties.
- PRICE AND TAXES
The prices of using the charging points through the App are indicated
        in pounds (£) and include the value added tax (VAT) applicable to
        these services in the United Kingdom. The price will consist of a
        fixed amount per kW/h that may vary depending on the selected charging
        point and will be communicated before the charge commences via the
        App.
For any clarification, incident or claim, you can contact us at the
        following telephone number: +44 208 124 9904
- PAYMENT AND METHOD
For each charge completed, Wenea will generate a ticket and proceed to
        collect the amount of energy consumed by the EV. From the charging
        history, you can request an invoice at any time.
The payment of the contracted Service can be made by credit or debit
        card. We are responsible for payment transactions on the App. We
        conduct payment transactions using application secure SSL technology
        to ensure safe transmission of data.
To carry out any charge, you must previously register a debit or
        credit card in the "My payment methods" tab, in which you must enter
        the card number, expiration date and CVV code. We will encrypt the
        majority of your card details. Only the first four numbers of the card
        number will be stored to identify the relevant bank. You may at any
        time delete any registered debit or credit cards within the App.
In the event that the user wishes to make a partial charge, the
        application will make a retention of one (1) euro above the cost of
        the charge made, which will be regulated after the completion of the
        same. This is due to the fact that the power cut is not immediate, and
        until the cessation, a few extra WV can be charged.
For any charge you want to make, Wenea retain an amount on your
        payment card depending on the location you are:
In Oxford and Herefordshire, Wenea can retain 25.00 GBP
In Exeter, with Vega Chargers of 30 kW, Wenea can retain 30.00 GBP;
          Xcharge Chargers, 45.00 GBP
In Plymouth, Wenea can retain 40.00 GBP
In East Devon, with Xcharge Chargers, Wenea can retain 45.00 GBP
These amounts are retained just to assure the payment of the charge
        made; however, this amount is regularised once the charge has been
        completed with the amount corresponding to the energy supplied.
The aforementioned deductions are generally settled immediately;
        however, they may be delayed by up to seventy-two (72) hours, due to
        the operation of each bank, which is beyond the competence and
        functions of WENEA. In any case, WENEA shall not be liable for any
        delays in the regularisation of such withholdings, provided that such
        delay is solely attributable to the bank.
Method of payment
Payment for the contracted Service may be made by credit or debit
        card. To speed up the payment process for each recharge, the user may
        register their credit or debit card in their APP profile, as well as
        update and/or delete it whenever they wish. These data will never be
        accessible to Wenea, so they will be confidential data only visible to
        the user.
In this sense, Wenea informs the holders of credit and debit cards
        that is responsible for transactions in the Application. The same are
        made in a secure application, using SSL technology to ensure the
        security of data transmission.
Once the actual payment of the price has been made, WENEA will
        automatically issue an email to the user containing all the
        information relating to the charge made, and the breakdown of the
        price, which will include the price and applicable taxes.
In any case, the user is guaranteed that all economic and financial
        data provided in connection with the use of the top-up service will be
        processed in accordance with Data Protection regulations, will be
        anonymous and treated confidentially, and will not be disclosed to
        third parties except with the express authorisation of the owner and
        for justified reasons.
WENEA offers the user the possibility of saving or storing their data
        securely, so that it is not necessary to enter them all again.
The user is warned that, in compliance with current regulations, once
        the user has requested the invoice for the product purchased, and has
        sent their personal details, WENEA will not be able to modify the
        invoice in the event that any of the details are incorrect, so the
        user must effectively check that the details provided which will
        appear on the invoice issued by WENEA are correct. WENEA may not issue
        duplicate invoices.
Alternative payment methods:
Apple Pay
Wenea allows the use of Apple Pay as a payment method on the Web Platform and
            the mobile application. By selecting Apple Pay as a payment method, the User
            agrees that:
Apple Pay is a payment service provided by Apple Inc. and its use is subject to
              the terms and conditions set forth by Apple.
Wenea does not store, process or have access to the bank card data used
              through Apple Pay. All transactions are handled through the secure
              infrastructure of Apple and the relevant financial institution.
The User is responsible for ensuring that their Apple Pay device and account
              are properly configured and protected against unauthorized access.
Wenea shall not be liable for failures in the processing of payments through
              Apple Pay, including, but not limited to, technical problems, payment
              rejections by the financial institution or any other inconvenience arising from
              the use of this service.
In case of refunds, cancellations or disputes related to payments made via
              Apple Pay, Wenea will handle the request in agreement with Apple and the
              relevant financial institution.
Payment via SMS
An SMS is sent to the user's telephone number with
          the amount to be charged and a link that redirects the user to the
          payment gateway, where he/she only must authorise the payment.
Payment by email
: The user receives an email to the email address
          provided, with the amount to be charged and a link that redirects
          you to the payment platform, where you only must authorise the
          payment.
Payment by bank transfer
: this is exceptional when the other methods
          of payment indicated above have not been possible. It has the
          problem that the transfer must be made after the completion of the
          upload, which may involve a delay in the receipt of payment by
          WENEA, depending on the user's bank. Once the transfer has been
          received, everything is regularised on the Platform (Upload
          transaction, Invoice, Payment, etc).
WENS
: Wenea makes “tokens” available to the user as an alternative
          payment method. The User may purchase Wens and store them in their
          virtual wallet (Wallet). One Wen is equivalent to one euro (€1), and
          you can accumulate as many as you consider by subscribing to the
          plans.
Through the Plans*, which are monthly, and applicable in the national
        territory where they were acquired, Users will be able to obtain WENS.
        The special conditions of each plan offered will be described in the
        app alongside its applicable price.
*The User is warned that WENEA reserves the right to modify the Plans,
        giving in any case sufficient notice to the User for their
        modification or cancellation.
The plans/subscriptions are automatically renewed, unless the User
        decides to cancel it, and/or modify it, at any time.
The WENS acquired monthly are not cumulative, and will in any case
        have an expiration of sixty (60) days, regardless of the renewal
        and/or cancellation of the plan. However, in the event of cancellation
        of the subscribed plan, the User will have access to the previously
        acquired WENS until their expiration date.
The cancellation will be made through the Application, follwing the
        corresponding option for it. This process must also be carried out in
        case the User wishes to change plans; first cancelling the active plan
        and then subscribing to the new desired one. During the payment
        process, the WENEA system will charge the recharge amount first
        through the WENS available by the user, and, if after that, the entire
        amount is not covered, WENEA will retain the remaining amount from the
        User to guarantee full payment for the service provided.
- BOOKING
WENEA has developed the possibility for users to book a charger and
        connector of their choice to charge their vehicle. The availability of
        this feature is subject to the selected station and connector having
        this option enabled.
Booking procedure
Once the reservation is confirmed, the user has a specific period of
        time, from the moment of confirmation, to arrive at the station and
        start the charging session. The user is informed that this period is
        configurable, and therefore, subject to changes by WENEA. The user is
        informed that any modification in the conditions regarding the
        charging period, cost or free cancellation period will be permanently
        published and updated in the FAQs.
Cosy and Payment Terms
The cost of the reservation will be five (5) pounds in stations
        located in United Kingdom, as a deposit. Payment will be made in
        accordance with the following conditions:
If the user arrives at the station they have selected to make the
          booking and starts charging within the established period of time,
          the cost of the deposit will be returned.
If the user cancels the reservation during the first five (5)
          minutes from its confirmation, the cost of the deposit will be
          returned, this period being free cancellation.
If the user finally does not use the reservation, starts charging
          later than the specific reservation time or cancels once the free
          cancellation period (five minutes) has expired, the deposit will be
          charged.
Deposit payment method
The deposit payment will be made using Wens and/or the payment method
        previously defined by the user as follows:
If the user has five (5) or more Wens in their Wallet, those five
          (5) Wens will be used as a deposit.
If the user does not have Wens in their Wallet, the deposit will be
          charged directly through the payment method defined by the user.
- OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
Wenea's Obligations
By virtue of this document, Wenea assumes the following obligations:
Wenea will supply you with as much energy as the EV(s) need, without
        prejudice to the limitations derived from the recharging method
        itself.
Wenea will allow you access to the "Loading Zone" of the charging
        points, as long you respect these Terms, as well as those effects
        necessary to access it.
Wenea will offer or provide telephone and email services to you. We
        will attempt to resolve incidents reported to us as soon as possible.
Wenea guarantees the correct treatment of your data, in accordance
        with the Wenea Privacy Notice, and will have the obligation to report
        any technical incident that could involve the unauthorised
        communication of said data, as well as to the Information
        Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
User obligations
Through these Terms, you as a user assume the following obligations:
Make use of the Service only to recharge an EV. In this sense, Wenea
        does not allow the recharging of any other device, nor does it allow
        the use of the Service for a purpose other than that of recharging of
        an EV.
Provide all the data that Wenea requires, truthful, precise, and
        updated, for the correct provision of the Service.
Carry out a correct and diligent use of the charging facilities,
        assuming responsibility for damages that may occur in the charging
        facilities themselves or to third parties, as a result of improper use
        of them.
Be responsible that the charging systems used are compatible with the
        EV. In addition, you agree to follow the instructions of the vehicle
        manufacturer and use the cables and charging elements provided by it
        or authorised by it.
Comply with all security measures and procedures, as well as any other
        procedure announced in each of the charging stations where the charges
        are produced. Likewise, Wenea is exonerated from any liability caused
        by improper use of the charging facilities.
Pay the amount of the charges made in accordance with the provisions
        of these Terms.
Be held accountable for any failure or damage caused by any breach of
        any of the above obligations or these Terms.
Undertake to remove your EV from the used charging point once it has
        been recharged.
- WARRANTIES
Our App is made available free of charge.
Wenea cannot guarantee that the App and the Services it offers are
        free from errors and, therefore, their existence does not in itself
        imply a breach of these Terms. We do not guarantee that our App, or
        any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted.
        Access to our App is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend,
        withdraw, discontinue, or change all or any part of our App without
        notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our App is
        unavailable at any time or for any period.
If, when using the Service, you detect issues with the recharging
        terminal, such as malfunction of the charger or the charging process,
        you can send us details of the incidents and what happened, together
        with photographs, to the following email: customer@wenea.com.
- RESPONSIBILITY
Wenea will be liable solely and exclusively for the fulfilment of the
        obligations it assumes in these Terms, for the EV recharging service,
        without assuming any responsibility or guaranteeing any element other
        than the Service itself.
You are responsible for any incident caused by your improper handling
        and failure to comply with the responsibilities and security
        procedures established by Wenea.
If we fail to comply with these Terms, we are responsible for loss or
        damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breaking this
        contract or our failing to use reasonable care and skill, but we are
        not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss
        or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen
        or if, at the time the contract was made, both we and you knew it
        might happen, for example, if you discussed it with us during the
        sales process.
Nothing in these Terms excludes or limits our liability for death or
        personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or
        fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be
        excluded or limited by English law. This includes for breach of your
        legal rights in relation to the Service, including the right for the
        Service to be:
as described and match information we provided to you;
of satisfactory quality;
fit for any particular purpose made known to us; and
for defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987.
Wenea will not be liable for:
Delays or impediments in the execution of the Service in the event of
        a strike, riot, serious meteorological events, and other cases of
        force majeure.
Damages caused to any element or its operation by third parties,
        unless Wenea was the cause, for example, by expressly authorising it.
Failure of the Service due to unavailability of communications between
        the recharging systems and their management and operation systems if
        it were not dependent on Wenea.
Failures of temporary unavailability of the App or our customer
        service.
Failures in the provision of the Service as a result of an incorrect
        or incomplete provision of data by you.
In addition, you are responsible for any damage, deterioration, or
        impairment, among others, suffered at recharging systems or points by
        your fault or negligence or improper or inappropriate use of them.
In the event that any of the elements of the charger (post, hose,
        among others) break due to any action, activity or omission by you,
        you will assume the cost of the repair.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to
        have access to our App.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our
        App through your internet connection are aware of these Terms and
        other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
Our App is directed to people residing in the United Kingdom. We do
        not represent that content available on or through our App is
        appropriate or available in other locations. We may limit the
        availability of our App, or any service or product described on our
        App to any person or geographic area at any time. If you choose to
        access our App from outside the United Kingdom, you do so at your own
        risk.
Please note that we only provide our App for domestic and private use.
        You agree not to use our App for any commercial or business purposes,
        and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of
        business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus,
        distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful
        material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs,
        data, or other proprietary material due to your use of our App or to
        your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
- VIRUS
We do not guarantee that our App will be secure or free from bugs or
        viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology,
        computer programmes and platform in order to access our App. You
        should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our App by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans,
        worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or
        technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised
        access to our App, where it is stored, or any server, computer or
        database connected to our App. You must not attack our App via a
        denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By
        breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under
        the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the
        relevant law enforcement authorities, and we will co-operate with
        those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of
        such a breach, your right to use our App will cease immediately.
- REFUND OR PAYMENT
In the event that the Service cannot be provided and you request a
        refund of the amount paid, it will be done using the same means of
        payment used, and as long as the charge has not been effected. In
        accordance with the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and
        Additional Charges) Regulations 2013, you will have no right to a
        refund where, if your express consent has been given, the Service has
        been fully performed after payment.
If in doubt, do not hesitate to contact us at the email
        customer@wenea.com
- APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
If you are a consumer, please note that these Terms, its subject
        matter and its formation, are governed by the English law. We both
        agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive
        jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland, you
        may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are
        resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
- MODIFICATIONS AND VALIDITY
These Terms in the future may be modified and updated, as well as the
        characteristics and functions of the Service itself, without said
        modifications negatively affecting its quality.
We will, in most cases, inform you about any substantive changes in
        these Terms, placing a notice in a prominent place of our App and / or
        by email. However, please note that any of the content on our App may
        be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to
        update it.
We do not guarantee that our App, or any content on it, will be free
        from errors or omissions. We may modify, suspend or discontinue the
        App with or without notice at any time and without any liability to
        you.
If any clause included in our Terms is declared, totally or partially,
        null or ineffective, it will only affect said provision or the part of
        it that is null or ineffective. The Terms will survive in everything
        else.
- ASSIGNMENT AND OTHER DEALINGS
You may not assign, sub-contract, charge or otherwise transfer or deal
        with any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without our
        prior written consent.
We shall be entitled to assign, sub-contract, charge or otherwise
        transfer or deal with any of our rights or obligations under these
        Terms without the prior written consent of you.
- WAIVER
A failure or delay by us to exercise any right or remedy provided
        under these Terms or by law shall not constitute a waiver of that or
        any other right or remedy.
- ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us with
        respect to your use of our App, and supersede and extinguish all
        previous agreements, promises, assurances, warranties, representations
        and understandings between them, whether written or oral, relating to
        their subject matter.
- THIRD PARTY RIGHTS
No one other than a party to these Terms, their successors and
        permitted assignees, shall have any right to enforce any of the Terms.
- CONTACT
If you have any questions about these Terms, do not hesitate to
        contact us through the following means:
E-mail: customer@wenea.com
Telephone: +44 208 124 9904
WENEA PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice regulates the treatment of the data collected by
      Wenea through the App and / or within the framework of the Service. This
      notice is an integral part of the terms and conditions of use. Wenea
      respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data.
Defined terms used in this privacy notice have the same meaning as those
      used in the above Wenea terms and conditions of use for the App.
You guarantee that the data you provide is true, accurate, complete and
      up to date, being responsible for any damage or loss, direct or
      indirect, that may be caused as a result of the breach of such
      obligation.
Regarding the personal data requested through the enabled forms, it will
      be necessary for you to provide, at least, those marked with an
      asterisk, since, if these data considered necessary are not provided,
      Wenea will not be able to accept and manage your request.
Important information
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how Wenea collects
      and processes your personal data through your use of the App, including
      any data you may provide through this App when you sign up to our
      newsletter, purchase a product or service, or take part in a
      competition.
This App is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect
      data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any
      other privacy notice or fair processing policy we may provide on
      specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data
      about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your
      data. This privacy notice supplements other notices and privacy policies
      and is not intended to override them.
Wenea is the controller and responsible for your personal data.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the ICO, the UK
      regulator for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would,
      however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you
      approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Data collected from the User for processing
By virtue of you downloading and using the App, we will have access to
      the following types of your personal data, by way of example and not
      limitation:
First names, surname, title and/or other similar identifiers.
Telephone number, email address, residential and billing address.
Identifying documents – e.g., passport, drivers’ licence.
Vehicle and vehicle registration data.
Location or geolocation data.
Details about your operating system and device platform.
Registration data
Bank account and card payment details (only those essential to identify
      the bank).
Details about transactions and your usage and profile – e.g. passwords
      and payments to and from you, and other details of how you have
      interacted and used the Service.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or
      demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from
      your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this
      data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example,
      we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users
      accessing a specific App feature. However, if we combine or connect
      Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or
      indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data
      which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you
      (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or
      philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions,
      trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and
      biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal
      convictions and offences.
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a
      contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when
      requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are
      trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with products
      you have ordered from us). In this case, we may have to cancel your use
      of the App but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including
      through information you give to us.
You may give us your data by providing details within the App or by
      corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes
      personal data you provide when you:
make an in-app purchase;
download, create an account and register to use the App;
subscribe to our publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion, or survey; or
give us feedback or contact us.
Information we collect about you and your device. As you interact with
      our App, we will automatically collect data about your device, browsing
      actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies,
      server logs, and other similar technologies.
Location data. We also use GPS technology to determine your current
      location. Some of our location-enabled Services require your personal
      data for the feature to work. If you wish to use the particular feature,
      you will be asked to consent to your data being used for this purpose.
      You can withdraw your consent at any time by disabling Location data in
      the App.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We will receive personal
      data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out
      below:
Credit reference and fraud prevention agencies
Publicly available sources such as social media and public review
        platforms
Third party review platform providers that we use to gather specific
        feedback from customers
Analytics providers
Cookies
We use cookies to distinguish you from other users of the App, the
      device app stores and to remember your preferences. This helps us to
      provide you with a good experience when you use the App.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to do so.
      Most commonly we will use your personal data:
Where we need to perform a contract we are about to enter or have
      entered with you;
With your consent, in relation to the processing of biometric and
      location data, necessary for identifying you and the subsequent
      provision of the Service;
With your consent, in relation to the treatment and / or transfer of
      data for the analysis and development of mobility projects; carrying out
      advertising and commercial prospecting activities; as well as for the
      preparation of profiles and / or predictive models, without the
      withdrawal of these consents conditioning the provision of the Services;
For the fulfilment of legal or regulatory obligations in relation to the
      treatment and the possible transfer of the data to administrations and
      competent authorities; and
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third
      party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those
      interests.
We will only send you direct marketing communications by email or text
      if we have your consent. You have the right to withdraw that consent at
      any time by contacting us.
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal
      data with any third party for marketing purposes.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages
      at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent
      to you or by contacting us at any time using the contact details set out
      in this privacy notice.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not
      apply to personal data provided to us because of a product purchase,
      product/service experience or other transactions.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
The personal data that is collected through the App or in the provision
      of the Service will be incorporated into files owned by Wenea to enable
      the management of the Service provided to you, the provision of the
      Service and, in general, the management, development and fulfilment of
      the relationship established between you and Wenea.
In greater detail, Wenea may process your data for the following
      purposes:
Registering and managing your use of the Service; provision, management,
      optimisation, customisation, and monitoring of the Service; as well as
      provision of assistance to you.
Identifying you and verifying your compliance with the necessary
      requirements for recharging EVs.
Management of collections, payments, defaults, billing, claims,
      accidents, and administrative infractions, as well as control and
      prevention of fraud.
Attention to requests, complaints, suggestions or claims.
Profiling in order to optimise the Service, personalise advertising and
      commercial prospecting activities and enable the contracting of
      additional coverage in the Service insurance.
Management of the Service platform
Carrying out advertising and commercial prospecting activities such as
      the development of statistics or satisfaction and market studies;
      obtaining profiles and personalisation of commercial actions; data
      segmentation and purification; as well as the referral through any
      channel, including electronic means (such as notifications through the
      App, email and instant messaging services; and by non-electronic means
      (including, but not limited to, telephone and letter) , commercial
      information, offers, discounts and promotions related to products and
      services.
Compliance with legal obligations related to the Service.
To inform you about the possible data processing of users of social
      networks through the corporate profiles of Wenea with the purposes
      allowed in each social network, including analytical purposes.
Wenea will not use in any case the personal data that you make available
      to provide services other than those mentioned or, where appropriate, to
      achieve a purpose other than that authorised by you. If we need to use
      your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we
      will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Please note that
      we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in
      compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by
      law.
Disclosure of your personal data
We may disclose your data to the following entities:
Tax Agency and other competent administrations, for the fulfilment of
      tax obligations.
Competent public administrations, for the identification of compliance
      with applicable regulations.
Financial entities and payment gateways, for the management of
      collections and payments of the Service contracted by you.
Insurance entities, for the management of claims and / or accidents,
      where appropriate.
Group companies of Wenea [as part of our regular reporting activities on
      company performance, in the context of a business reorganisation or
      group restructuring exercise or for system maintenance and hosting of
      data].
At no time will transfers be made to third parties for any purpose not
      essential for the provision of the Service.
International Transfers
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK, we ensure a
      similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one
      of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been
      deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts
      approved by the UK which give personal data the same protection it has
      in the UK.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific
      mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK.
Data retention
Your personal data will be kept as long as the legal relationship is
      established, the provision of the Service is maintained and for as long
      as the platform continues to be active and your account is operational.
In any case, your personal data will be retained for as long as the time
      needed to comply with legal obligations and where deletion is not
      requested by you.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it
      can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical
      purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without
      further notice to you.
In the event that you do not use the App for a period of ONE (1) YEAR
      then we will treat the account as expired and your personal data may be
      deleted.
Data Security
Wenea undertakes to keep the maximum reserve, confidentiality, and
      secrecy regarding private and personal information to which it may have
      access. Wenea implements the technical and organisational security
      measures established by the data protection regulations, depending on
      the type of data processed in each case. In the collection and
      processing of personal data, adequate security measures have been
      adopted to prevent loss, unauthorised access, or manipulation of these,
      in accordance with the provisions of the aforementioned regulations.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any
      payment transactions carried out by us, or our chosen third-party
      provider of payment processing services will be encrypted using
      encryption technology. Where we have given you (or where you have
      chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of our App,
      you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you
      not to share a password with anyone.
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures
      and security features to try to prevent your personal data from being
      accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way.
We will collect and store personal data on your Device using application
      data caches and browser web storage and other technology.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data
      breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator when we are
      legally required to do so.
User Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws
      in relation to your personal data.
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject
      access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal
      data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This
      enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you
      corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you
      provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to
      delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us
      continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or
      remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your
      right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed
      your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your
      personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not
      always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal
      reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of
      your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a
      legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something
      about your particular situation which makes you want to object to
      processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental
      rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are
      processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some
      cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to
      process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables
      you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the
      following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data's accuracy
Where our use of the data is unlawful, but you do not want us to erase
      it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as
      you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data, but we need to verify whether
      we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party.
      We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal
      data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that
      this right only applies to automated information which you initially
      provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to
      perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process
      your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any
      processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw
      your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services
      to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw
      your consent.
No fee usually required, you will not be required to pay a fee to access
      your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we
      may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded,
      repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with
      your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm
      your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to
      exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure
      that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to
      receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information
      in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
      Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is
      particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this
      case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Third-party links
This App may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and
      applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may
      allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not
      control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their
      privacy statements. When you leave our App, we encourage you to read the
      privacy notice of every website and application you visit.
Changes and / or updates in the Privacy Notice
Wenea reserves the right to modify or amend this privacy notice at any
      time, considering the current regulations on data protection. If there
      are any significant changes, you will be notified once you log into the
      Service through the App. This version was last updated in August 2021.
      You will have the right to object by writing to privacy@wenea.com
      accordance with the rights.