Yodel Driver & Courier Privacy Policy
Non-Employees
Yodel Driver & Courier Privacy Policy
We ask that you read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on the personal information we collect about you, how we use it, your legal rights, and the situations in which we may share your information with other organisations when using this App.
Please note that the collection and use of your personal information is required for the App to operate properly. Any refusal, disruption or tampering with the App which affects how the App collects and uses your personal information could result in the App not functioning properly, which in turn may result in you being unable to provide and be paid for services to Yodel.
WHO WE ARE
THIS POLICY
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA SECURITY
DATA RETENTION
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
WHO WE ARE
This mobile application software, Yodel Driver and Courier (the "App") is operated by Yodel Delivery Network Limited ("Yodel", "we", "us"), with company number 05200072 and registered office Skyways Hub, Speke Road, Speke. Liverpool L70 1AB.
We are a "controller" for the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 and the Data Protection Act 2018 (the "Act" and "GDPR" respectively, and together the "Data Protection Legislation"). This means that we are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal information. We are registered with the Information Commissioner's Office, or ICO, under registration number Z8874457.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
If you have any questions about how we use your personal information, please contact data.protection@yodel.co.uk or you can write to us at Yodel Data Protection Team, Yodel Delivery Network Limited, Skyways Hub, Speke Road, Speke. Liverpool L70 1AB.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office ("ICO"), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues or other competent supervisory authority of an EU member state if the App is downloaded outside the UK, about how we use your personal information for the operation of the App.
2.THIS POLICY
This policy (together with the App's terms and conditions of use ("Ts&Cs") applies to your use of the App once you have downloaded a copy of the App onto your mobile telephone or handheld device.
Changes to the privacy policy
We keep this privacy policy under regular review. It may change and if it does, these changes will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you when you next open the App. The new policy may be displayed on-screen and you may be required to confirm that you have read the changes to continue your use of the App.
3.THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you through your use of the App, as follows:
Device Data – the type of mobile device that you use, a unique device identifier (for example, your Device’s IMEI number, the MAC address of the Device’s wireless network interface, or the mobile phone number used by the Device), and your mobile operating system;
Login Data – your username and password;
Usage Data – details of your use of the App, including analytics data where you consent to analytics; and
Location Data – your location data while the App is running on your mobile device.
Vehicle Data – your vehicle registration and mileage
Electronic ID Picture - your electronic portrait picture specifically stored on the App for the purposes of verifying your identity to other parties
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences for the purposes of the App.
4.HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to do so. Most commonly we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where you have consented before the processing.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Where we process your personal data in pursuit of our legitimate interests, we take steps to ensure that we are only collecting information that we need to ensure that your fundamental rights are not overridden.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
5.PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
To install the App and register you as a new App user
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to require use of the App as this is more efficient that the use of other technologies that perform the same or similar functions).
Type of Data
Device Data
Login Data
Electronic ID Picture
To manage our relationship with you including notifying you of changes to the App
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep records updated and to analyse how App users use the App) and to comply with legal obligations (such as to inform you of any changes to our terms and conditions.
Type of Data
Device Data
Login Data
To administer and protect our business and this App including troubleshooting, data analysis and system testing
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security). Consent (in particular your consent for the use of analytics technologies on your device).
Type of Data
Device Data
Usage Data
To monitor the services that you are providing to us
Consent (on our using shared data and your consent for the use of analytics technologies on your device)
Type of Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Login Data
Location Data
Vehicle Data
To monitor trends so we can improve the App for users
Consent (in particular your consent for the use of analytics technologies on your device). Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep records updated and to analyse how App users use the App).
Type of Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Login Data
Location Data
6.YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
In addition to the right to be informed about how we use your personal information (as set out in this privacy notice), you have various other rights in respect of the personal information we hold about you – these are set out in more detail below. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at the details in Section 1 above.
Access to your personal information: You can contact us to request the information we hold about you, as well as supplementary information such as why we have that information, who has access to the information and where we got the information.
Withdrawing consent: If you have given us your consent to use your personal information, you can withdraw your consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your information before you withdrew your consent. We only require your consent for the use of analytics technologies on the App, and you can withdraw your consent to this by deleting the App from your device.
Correction of your personal information: If the information we hold about you is out of date, incomplete or incorrect, you can ask us to update it. You can also update your information at any time by logging into your user account on the App.
Erasure of your personal information: You can request that we erase the information we hold. When we receive your request, we will confirm whether the information has been deleted or tell you the reason why it cannot be deleted. For example, we may need to continue to hold your information if we need it for legal reasons or in connection with legal claims.
Objection to processing your personal information: You have the right to request that we stop processing your information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. Upon receiving the request, we will contact you to tell you if we are able to comply or if we have legitimate grounds to continue – for example, we may need to continue to hold your information for regulatory or legal reasons. Please note that if you object to the collection and use of personal data by the App, this may result in you being unable to provide and be paid for services to Yodel.
Restriction: You can ask us to temporarily limit the use of your personal information, for example where you have questioned the accuracy of your information or how it is being used, but you do not want us to delete it. Please note that if you ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data in a way that inhibits the full functionality of the App, this may result in you being unable to provide and be paid for services to Yodel.
Portable data: You can ask us to provide you or a third party with some of the personal information that we hold about you in a structured, commonly used, electronic form, so it can be easily transferred. Once we have received your request, we will comply where it is feasible to do so.
Please note, some of these rights only apply in certain circumstances and we may not be able to fulfil every request.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
You can make a complaint to us by contacting us at the details in Section 1 above or to the data protection supervisory authority – in the UK, this is the ICO, at https://ico.org.uk/.
7.SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may pass your information to the following third parties for limited purposes:
Other members of our group for administration or reporting purposes;
Technology service providers who provide IT support for the running of the App;
Third party processors or controllers engaged by us to assist with the processing and analysis of personal data collected on the App or to provide payment for services;
Customer service providers who work with us to assist you in providing services to us; and
Our IT contractors who help with the operation and support of the App.
Occasionally, we may need to disclose your personal information to third parties where necessary for the legitimate interests of our business or in order to comply with legal obligations, for example:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
If we have to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation or request from a regulator or governmental agency, or to detect or prevent fraud or crime;
with our professional advisers, including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide various services to us; and
To enforce or apply our App Ts&Cs or other agreements, to protect the rights, property or safety of our group, our customers or others, and in connection with legal claims.
8.INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We may need to transfer your personal information to countries which are located outside the EEA and UK for the purpose of improving our service.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is handled securely and in accordance with this privacy notice and the relevant Data Protection Legislation. These include ensuring, where the country does not provide an adequate level of protection, that our overseas suppliers enter into a European Commission approved contract.
If you would like further information, please contact us at the details in Section 1 above.
9.DATA SECURITY
Your use of the App
When you are using the App, you will have access to the personal data (including names and addresses, contact phone number and safe place images) of parcel recipients. You should handle this information with utmost care and in compliance with your data processing obligations under your service agreement with Yodel.
In the event that you lose your device or otherwise disclose any of the personal data without authorisation, you must contact your allocated service centre manager immediately.
Your personal data held on the App
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access the App, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone, for any purposes.
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach involving the App and where this affects your data, we will notify you and any applicable regulator when we are legally required to do so.
If you would like any further information about our policies and procedures relating to the security of your personal data, please contact us using the details in Section 1 above.
10.DATA RETENTION
We will not retain your personal information for any longer than is necessary for our purposes, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. If you would like further information, please contact us using the details in Section 1 above.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Section 6 above for further information.
In the event that you do not use the App for a period of thirty (30) days then we will treat your account as expired and access to your account will be disabled.
11.COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We use certain technologies to store and access information on your device in connection with your use of the App. For detailed information on our use of these technologies, the purposes for which we use them and how you can exercise your choices regarding our use of these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.