Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Website is owned and controlled by Bank AL Habib Ltd. ("BAHL"). BAHL respects the privacy of visitors to its Website, and advises all visitors/surfers and clients to read and understand our privacy policy, and to check it periodically for any updates or revisions.
When you visit this Website, BAHL may collect personal data about you, either directly (where you are asked to provide the data) or indirectly (through IP address, cookies, etc.). BAHL will, however, use such personal data only for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement and BAHL is committed to safeguarding such personal data. This Statement sets out the purposes of BAHL's data processing in respect of this Website.
BAHL may gather and analyze information relating to particulars of users, their computing equipment/devices, usage of this Website, including domain name, the number of hits, the pages visited, previous/subsequent sites visited and length of user session.
Purposes of Processing
BAHL collects and processes information about customers and visitors to its Website to conduct its business, to inform and offer products and services that may be of interest to you, as well as to compile Web statistics. The information provided by you can be used to contact you when necessary, e.g. to obtain further information or confirmation about your data, notify you about functionality changes to the Website and BAHL online services, as well as to offer other services that you may find helpful (provided you have not opted out of receiving such services).
Sensitive Data/Information
BAHL does not seek to collect sensitive personal information (such as information revealing personal preferences, political opinions, religious beliefs, health or other matters) through this Website. If BAHL does collect any such data, your prior consent for this will be obtained. Please note that, by providing BAHL with solicited or unsolicited sensitive personal information you consent to our using such personal information as described above.
Disclosure of Information
Where required by Financial Services Regulator(s) or Law Enforcement Agencies, BAHL will share necessary customer and other information, as advised.
Other than this, BAHL will never disclose information that it has collected from its users to any of its affiliates, independent contractors and business partners for any purpose, whatsoever. Also we will not transfer information collected in the process of sales of our products and services.
Third Party Sites
Please note that this Privacy Statement does not extend to third party websites linked to this/BAHL’s Website.
Amendments
BAHL reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement, or any part thereof, at any time and from time to time. You are requested to kindly review this statement frequently for any changes.
Website Analytics
BAHL Website uses analytical tools, a service which transmits website traffic data to analytical tools. Google Analytics does not identify users or associate your IP address with any other data. We use these tools to understand website traffic, and usage.We use the following tools for Advertising
Google AdWords
Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data
Facebook Audience Network
Personal Data: Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and Usage Data
For Bahrain Customers
Download the Bank AL Habib Data Privacy Notice
Click here
.