Ridmik Labs
Home
Ridmik Keyboard
বাংলা
Menu
Innovating Technology
For Tomorrow
At Ridmik Labs, we are passionate about creating cutting-edge technology solutions that empower people and enhance their daily lives.
Ridmik
Keyboard
The de-facto keyboard for the Bangladeshi people to write their heart out!
4.4
368k reviews
100M+
Downloads
get it on
Google Play
Available on the
App Store
Avro, Probhat & Jatiyo
Choose from your favorite Bangla writing method.
Switch layout fast
Swipe the spacebar to switch between layouts, fast!
Write faster
With predictive suggestions and voice typing!
100+ themes
Collection of beautiful themes and a very powerful theme maker! Built-in.
Feature rich!
Optional number row, height adjustment, and many more features.
100% safe and secure
Whatever you type, never leaves your phone! Guranteed!
Learn more
Dovashi - Language
learning
Effective way to learn English
4.5
7k reviews
2M+
Downloads
get it on
Google Play
Fun way to learn
Designed to have fun while learning!
Zero to Hero
From basic to advanced English
Spoken english mastery
The comprehensive and effective spoken english learning method.
Learn more
Boitoi - Bangla
eBook platform
Fastest way to read and publish new ebooks in Bangladesh!
4.5
10k reviews
1.8M+
Downloads
6500+
Books
get it on
Google Play
Available on the
App Store
#1 Bangla ebook platform
The most popular Bangla ebook platform.
Delightful reading
Experience the most powerful Bangla ebook reader.
Thousands of books
6500+ ebooks, 4000+ writers and hundreds of exclusive ebooks.
Learn more
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://ridmik.com/about/ridmik/privacy:
Welcome to Ridmik. Your privacy matters to us.
Last Updated on: Oct 9, 2023
Ridmik ("Ridmik", "us", " our" or "we") is dedicated to protecting the
privacy rights of our users ("users" or "you"). This Privacy Policy (the " Policy")
describes the ways we collect, store, use, and secure the information that you
provide or we collect in connection with our websites and applications provided on any platform (collectively,
    the "Services"). Ridmik is operated by Ridmik Labs Limited
By accessing and/or using our Services, you are expressing that you have
read and fully understand the information you shared with us.
Please do NOT use or access the Services if you do not agree or
have any concerns to this Policy. If you have any questions,
concerns or requests about this Policy, you can contact us through
  the methods described at the end of this Policy.
The Legal Basis of Collecting and Processing the Information
Ridmik collect and process the information users provide in accordance
with one of the legal basis set out under General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) and other applicable laws, regulations, codes and principals.
The legal bases which we rely upon are described below:
Consent: The users have given consent for one or more specific purposes and authorized Ridmik to collect and process the information.
Contractual Necessity: When the data collecting and processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between users and Ridmik, or in order to take steps prior to entering the contract.
Legal Obligation: When the data collecting and processing is necessary for fulfilling a legal obligation to which the Ridmik is subject, such as the prevention of crime or fraud.
Vital Interests: When the data collecting and processing is necessary for protecting the vital interests of the users or of another person.
Public task: When the data collecting and processing is necessary for performing a task carried out in the public interest or as contained under the official authority given to Ridmik.
Legitimate Interests: When the data collecting and processing is necessary for the purpose of the legitimate interests pursued by Ridmik or by a third party, except when such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the users which require protection of personal data, especially where the data subject is a child.
The Purpose of Collecting the Information
The information are collected for the following purposes:
Creating accounts and allow users to access our applications and Services;
Understanding users' preferences, to enhance users' experiences and enjoyment by using our Services;
Sending the related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, push notifications, security alerts, support and administrative messages to the users;
Identifying and suggesting connections with other users;
Making an announcement of promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about our Services;
Responding to users’ queries;
Sending targeted advertising, offers and other sponsored content based on the behaviors and preferences of users but exclude data concerning users’ personal health, medical and fitness condition;
Enabling the users to communicate with other users;
Conducting research, big data analytics and create reports for internal use;
Personalizing and providing users with better online experiences and customer support;
The Information We Collect and How We Use It
The information we collect depend on how you use our Services.
Information we collect automatically
While you are browsing Ridmik's Sites or
  using the applications, certain
  information may be logged automatically, such information including but not limited
  to your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times,
  browser type and language and referring Web site addresses.
  We may use this information to monitor, develop and analyze
  your use of the Services. In addition, we may ask you to submit
  and we may process data that is personal to you, including
  but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or
  birthday, interests, user names
  and e-mail and mailing addresses. We may use this
  information to create a user profile and provide
  you Services. We may use your email address to contact
  you about your experience with our Sites/Services
  and notify you about our latest news or promotions.
  Your gender and birthday may be used to analyze user
  trends and target certain promotions. Your mailing
  address may be used if we have merchandise or
  other physical promotional materials that we
  want to send to you. If you no longer wish to
  receive these types of promotional materials, you
  can contact us through the methods described at
  the end of this Policy and let us know you would
    like to opt-out of receiving promotional emails or notifications from us.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics tools to better understand the functionality of
  our Services on your device. This software may record information such
  as how often you use the Services, the events that occur within the Services,
  aggregated usage, performance data, and where the Services were downloaded
  from.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used
        by us.
Google Play Services
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Mixpanel Analytics
Amplitude
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an
  anonymous unique identifier. We transfer cookies to your computer
  and/or device, to identify a user's computer/device and to "remember"
  things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and
  password. Information contained in cookies may be linked to your personal
  information, such as your user ID, for purposes such as improving the
  quality of our Services, tailoring recommendations to your
  interests, counting how many visitors use our Sites, analyzing how
  visitors search for and find information, and improving navigation
  and usability. We recommend that you allow the cookies we set on Sites,
  as they help us provide better services and make the Sites easier to use.
  You can disable cookies at any time, but you may not be able to access or
  use some features of our Services.
iOS and Android Platforms
When you access or use any of the Ridmik applications on a mobile platform,
  we may collect and record certain information including but not limited to
  your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, the version of your operating system ("OS"),
  your model name, and your location (based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address).
  This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us
  understand usage trends. We may collect your location based
  information for the purpose of providing you with the correct
  version of the application. We will not share this
  information with any third party without your consent.
  If you no longer wish to allow us to track or use this information,
  you may turn it off at the device level. Please note that you may
  not able to access or use some features of our Services if we are
  unable to identify your location. In addition, we may create a unique
  user ID which is stored in connection with your profile to track your use of our Services
Others
Ridmik does not share, exchange or sell your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
With your consent, for example, when you authorize or agree us to share your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies. If you no longer wish to allow us to do so, please contact us through the methods described at the end of this Policy. However, you may not be able to access or use some features of our Services. If you no longer wish to receive such communications or ads from third parties, please contact that third party directly.
Ridmik may engage or assign trusted third parties to perform services on behalf of us, including but not limited to analyze data, sending personalized ads and provide customer support. Ridmik will share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform such services.
We may disclose your information as permitted by law, such as to comply with legal process (including subpoenas), or when we believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims; investigate fraud, respond to a government request, enforce or apply our rights; protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Ridmik may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of assets, reorganization, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or notice on our Sites of any change in ownership or users of your personal information.
We may share aggregate or anonymous information (sensitive date such as health, motion and fitness information are excluded) about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. If you no longer wish to allow us to do so, please contact us through the methods described at the end of this Policy.
The Rights You Have
Right to access: You have a right to know what information we hold about you. You can contact us and let us know what information you would like to receive. Before we provide you with any requested information, we reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to respond to any request for a right of access. The regular processing time might takes up to 1 month as the case maybe.
Right to rectification: You have a right to request us to rectify the information we hold about you. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to keep the accuracy and completion of information that we hold about you. If you realize that any of the information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us and let us know. We will soon respond and rectify the information.
Right to erasure: Under some circumstances you may have a right to request us to delete the information that we hold about you. You can contact us and let us know what information you would like to delete. You can also ask us to deactivate the account you have previously created. Before we deactivate your account, we reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to respond to any request and delete the information. To process your request, you must delete our games from your mobile devices and clear our cookies from any device where you have played our games in a web browser.
Right to restriction of processing: Under some circumstances you may have a right to request a restriction of the processing of the information we hold about you, such as when you are disputing the accuracy or the lawfulness of the information.
Right to data portability: Under some circumstances you may have a right to request us to provide the information which we have received from you previously, so you can transfer this to another data controller.
Right to object: You have a right to object to the processing of information we hold about you which is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests.
Right to opt out of marketing: If you have elected to receive direct marketing communications from us, you have a right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can contact us and let us know you would like to opt-out of receiving promotional emails or notifications from us. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to respond to your request. However, if you choose to opt out of marketing and prevent receiving targeted advertising, you may not be able to access or use some features of our Services. In addition, it may take a few days for us to update our records before any opt out is effective.
You have the right to withdraw the consent or to restrict our use of your information at any time in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. However, if you keep accessing and/or using our Services, it is deemed that we have your authority to collect the personal data about you and process it as otherwise described in this Policy. If you do not wish us to collect any personal data about you, you shall contact us and stop using our Services right away.
Security
Location of storage:
Ridmik stores information on servers located in the United States and Singapore via AWS (Amazon Web Services) and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries.
Security:
Ridmik takes reasonable security and technical measures to protect your
information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third
parties. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on
the Services in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public,
we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information online and offline,
as the internet environment is not secure by its nature and the security risks is
constantly evolving. As such you should always take good care when sharing your information online.
Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining access to this information. Ridmik does not warrant or hold responsible for preventing your information from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
Data Retention
Ridmik will retain your information for as long as your account is active, remained, or as needed to provide you services, or longer period required by applicable law. If you wish to remove your account or request that we no longer collect or use your information to provide you services, please contact us through the methods described at the end of this Policy. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Our Policy Regarding Children
You must be over a certain age to play and use our Services, depending on
  where you live and which law applies.
  We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from
  anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to
  use our Services. If you are under 13, please do NOT access,
  use or provide any information about yourself to us, including
  but not limited to your name, address, telephone number, email
  address or any identifiable data.
Once we learned or be aware that we have collected personal data about a
  child under 13, we reserve full discretion to temporarily suspend
  or permanently delete the account and all the information
  that has already given by or regarding the foresaid child.
  If you believe that we might have any information from or
  about a child under the age of 13, please contact contact us through
  the methods described at the end of this Policy.
Limits of this Policy
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by Ridmik through your use of our Services. Ridmik is not responsible for the actions of third party persons or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to any third party site does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those persons or companies. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or device, collect data or solicit personal information from you. We strongly recommend you read their privacy statements as we are not responsible for their privacy practices.
Changes to the Policy
Ridmik reserves the right to amend this Policy from time to
  time and we will post the updated Policy on this page.
  We strongly encourage you to visit our Sites regularly so you
  remain aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
  We will also make reasonable efforts to notify you when we
  release the latest version of our Policy so you may have the
  opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Services.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or requests about this Policy, you can contact us through the methods described below:
Email to support@ridmik.com