Privacy & Policy
General
Our practice at SSH, with respect to the use of your Personal Information, is as set forth below in this Privacy Policy Statement. It describes the information that we collect from you as part of the normal operation of ‘SSH’ Services from all platform app, and how we disclose and secure this information. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. As a condition to using SSH, you consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy Statement as it may be updated from time to time. This Privacy Policy Statement applies exclusively to ‘SSH’ services, the website and the App in iOS, & macOS platform.We respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and users of the SSH Service (“users” or “you”) and recognize the importance of protecting the information we collect about you. Please remember that we provide the Service to small businesses who have their own privacy practices. This Privacy Policy applies only to our own data practices, and not to the practices of third parties that we do not control. Third-party websites, frameworks and social media widgets have their own separate privacy policies. We request you to check the relevant privacy policy before sharing personal information with third parties.
What types of Information Do We Collect?
1. Personal Information:
During the Registration Process for creating a user account, we only collect Personal Information, such as your phone number for caller ID purposes when you register for the Service or if you correspond with us. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose. We may also collect information about your interactions with us, including any contact we have with you by telephone, email or online. For service improvement, security, dispute resolution and training purposes we may monitor and record your communications with us (including email and telephone) in accordance with applicable laws.
2. Billing Information
We do not collect and/or store your billing information. We do all transactions related to payment via iTunes, hence, for payment terms and condition please visit iTunes privacy policy.
3. Personal and business Information:
Once you set up an account for the Service and in order to provide further service to you, we do not collect any more information through your use of the Service about your business and your customers.
4. Technical Information:
Any time you use the Service (even if you do not register for our Service), we do not collect any information about how you access or use the Service or input data. For more information about how we may or may not collect information and use this information, see Section 2 (Our Use of Cookies and Other Technologies)
5. Social Networks Information:
We will not collect or process any information about you when you interact with the Service through various social media, for example, by logging in through or “liking” us on Facebook or “follow” us on Twitter. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. You should always review, and, if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Service.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
1. Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons
We do not collect any type of usage information when you access or use the Service, including cookies and similar tracking technologies, such as pixels and web beacons. Although we do our best to honour the privacy preferences of our users, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time, as we believe that there is no consistent industry standard for how to respond to Do Not Track browser settings.
2. Device IDs
When you access the Site or use the Service by or through a mobile device, we do not collect and/or store the unique identification number associated with your device (“Device ID”), mobile carrier, device type and manufacturer and depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device. Please note we will not collect your precise geographical location. Similar to IP addresses, we may link any of the contact or other personal information you provide during a browsing session to the Device ID from which you are accessing the Site.
How We Use Your Information
To provide, maintain and improve the Service and our other products and services, including to operate certain features and functionality of the Service
To diagnose or fix technology problems
To analyze trends, administer or optimize the Service, monitor usage or traffic patterns (including to better understand how you use the Service) and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole
To deliver better customer service
Our Disclosure of Your Information
Other users of the Service who have sent you a call or with whom you’ve otherwise interacted through the features of the Service.
Your Choice in Information Use
We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your information, please contact us using the contact details provided in Section “How to Reach Us”.
3rd Party Tracking & Online Advertising
We do permit sharing of some limited data with third-party tracking companies like Google Analytics to collect information about your browsing behaviour on the Service through cookies, social plugins, or other tracking technology. We will not share information about your clients or your business with these third parties. Typically, the information is collected through cookies or similar tracking technologies. The only way to completely “opt-out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please refer to your browser’s or mobile device’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. (To learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies and how you may opt-out of some of this tracking, you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org and/or the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org.) Depending on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through settings.
Legal Basis For Processing Personal Information (EEA VISITORS ONLY)
If you are a user from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you.
If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Information).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
Your Data Protection Rights
You have the following data protection rights:
To access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Information. SSH takes reasonable steps to ensure that the data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and up to date. You can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided in Section “How to Reach Us”.
In addition, if you are a resident of the EEA, you can object to the processing of your Personal Information, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Information or request portability of your Personal Information. You can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided in Section “How to Reach Us”.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
Children's Online Privacy Protection
SSH does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register as users. In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any Personal Information from a child under age 16, please contact us at the address provided in Section “How to Reach Us”.
How To Reach Us
Moon Technolabs Pvt. Ltd.
C/105A, Ganesh Meridian
S.G Highway, Sola,
Ahmedabad, Gujarat
380060
support@moontechnolabs.com
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
Moon Dialer may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices or applicable laws, and you should, therefore, review this page periodically.