Paprika Cookies
We use cookies to improve your browsing experience ...
More
Close
Privacy & Policy
This document describes how we process your personal data
              (especially if you are a user of coinpaprika.com), how we protect
              them and what rights you have.
The document is divided into three sections.
The first section, entitled ‘Basic information’, includes
              exclusively the most important information on the data
              administrator, the purposes for which your personal data are
              processed and your rights.
The second section, entitled ‘Detailed information’, includes all
              information on the rules of processing of your personal data.
The third section, entitled ‘Cookies policy’, includes detailed
              information on cookies and other similar online technologies
              (tools) that coinpaprika.com uses.
Basic information
Data administrator
– CoinPaprika sp. z o.o., ul. Piekary 12/13, 61-823 Poznań, POLAND,
                    entered into the Register of Entrepreneurs under National Court
                    Register number 0000512326 whose files are kept by the District
                    Court Poznań – Nowe Miasto and Wilda in Poznań, 8th Economic
                    Department of the National Court Register NIP tax identification
                    number 7792422423 REGON statistical number 302744400 email: contact@coinpaprika.com
Purposes for which your personal data are processed
– CoinPaprika sp. z o.o. ul. Piekary 12/13, 61-823 Poznań, POLAND,
                    entered into the Register of Entrepreneurs under National Court
                    Register number 0000512326 whose files are kept by the District
                    Court Poznań – Nowe Miasto and Wilda in Poznań, 8th Economic
                    Department of the National Court Register NIP tax identification
                    number 7792422423 REGON statistical number 302744400 email: contact@coinpaprika.com
Rights of the website’s users
You always have the right to:
access your data and receive their copy,
rectify (correct) your personal data,
withdraw permission to process your personal data if the
                      basis for their processing is your consent,
file a complaint to the President of the Personal Data
                      Protection Office (Personal Data Protection Office, ul.
                      Stawki 2, 00-193 Warsaw).
In specific situations you can also exercise your right
                      to:
oppose to processing of your personal data,
limit personal data processing,
delete personal data,
transfer personal data.
If you have doubts regarding your rights or the way you
                      should exercise them, please contact us.
Detailed information
THE NOTIONS WE USE IN PRIVACY POLICY
Administrator, data administrator, ‘we’
- CoinPaprika
                      sp. z o.o. seated in Poznań, POLAND.
User, you
- every natural person who uses coinpaprika.com.
Privacy policy
- this document entitled ‘CoinPaprika.com
                      Privacy and Cookies Policy`.
GDPR
- Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of
                      the Council of April 27, 2016 on the protection of natural
                      persons with regard to the processing of personal data and
                      on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive
                      95/45/EC
(General Data Protection Regulation).
DATA ADMINISTRATOR AND CONTACT DETAILS
The Administrator of your personal data with regard to you
                      using coinpaprika.com or in other circumstances described
                      in the Privacy policy is CoinPaprika sp. z o.o. ul.
                      Piekary 12/13, 61-823 Poznań, POLAND.
In all matters regarding processing of your personal data
                      you can get in touch with us:
via email, at: contact@coinpaprika.com,
via mail, at: ul. Palacza 113, 60-273 Poznań, POLAND.
PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION INSPECTOR
The Administrator has not appointed a personal data
                      protection inspector.
THE PERSONAL DATA WE PROCESS AND THE PURPOSES AND LEGAL
                    BASIS FOR THEIR PROCESSING
Depending on your activity on coinpaprika.com, e.g.
                      whether you only read data accumulated on coinpaprika.com
                      or subscribe coinpaprika.com newsletter, we process
                      various categories of your personal data, for various
                      purposes and on various legal bases. Below, we try to
                      present as transparent information in this respect as
                      possible, dividing information according to the purpose
                      for which we process your personal data.
PURPOSE: SUBMISSION OF COINPAPRIKA.COM NEWSLETTER TO
                    SUBSCRIBERS.
Depending on your activity on coinpaprika.com, e.g.
                      whether you only read data accumulated on coinpaprika.com
                      or subscribe coinpaprika.com newsletter, we process
                      various categories of your personal data, for various
                      purposes and on various legal bases. Below, we try to
                      present as transparent information in this respect as
                      possible, dividing information according to the purpose
                      for which we process your personal data.
PURPOSE: SUBMISSION OF COINPAPRIKA.COM NEWSLETTER TO
                    SUBSCRIBERS.
The range of data: email address, IP number of the
                      subscriber of coinpaprika.com newsletter and the date they
                      signed up for coinpaprika.com newsletter as well as
                      information on: newsletters received by the subscriber,
                      opening of a newsletter by the subscriber and the
                      subscriber clicking on a link in the newsletter.
You are not obliged to give your email address, but unless
                      you provide it, we will not be able to add you to the list
                      of subscribers of our newsletter. In case you voluntarily
                      sign up for our newsletter, the above-mentioned data will
                      be automatically saved in our system.
Legal basis:
our legally justified interest (art. 6
                      sec. 1 point f) of the GDPR) that consists in submitting of
                      the subscribed coinpaprika.com newsletter to you, with information
                      on the Administrator’s activity, especially within coinpaprika.com.
Period of data storage:
until you resign from coinpaprika.com
                      newsletter subscription or the Administrator ceases to issue
                      this newsletter.
PURPOSE: ANALYSIS OF HABITS AND PREFERENCES OF
                    COINPAPRIKA.COM USERS IN ORDER TO USE THE RESULTS TO IMPROVE
                    OPERATION OF THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING BETTER ADJUSTMENT OF ITS
                    FUNCTIONALITIES TO YOUR NEEDS AS A USER.
Range of data:
Within coinpaprika.com we use Google Analytics service
                      which is provided by Google Ireland Limited. The service
                      works on the basis of cookies mechanism which is described
                      in more detail in section III. Google uses its own cookies
                      to this end .
(see here)
Google Analytics allows us to analyze: the way users use
                      coinpaprika.com, their activity on the website and the
                      location of users.
Google Ireland Limited masks IP addresses of users of
                      coinpaprika.com. More information regarding processing of
                      your data by Google in relation to Google Analytics
                      service is available
here.
Users can oppose to sending information collected by
                      cookies to Google within Google Analytics at any moment
                      through downloading and installing of a plug-in that is
                      available
here.
In order to analyze how people who visit our website use
                      its content and how they navigate here (e.g. which links
                      they click, which pages they scroll, where they stop the
                      cursor, how long they stay at a given page of
                      coinpaprika.com), we also use
Hotjar
analytics tool which is provided by Malta-based Hotjar Limited.
The Hotjar tool uses, among other things, a tracking code
                      mechanism which is placed on coinpaprika.com pages, and
                      cookies that are downloaded to the devices of the
                      website’s users (you can find more detail on cookies
                      below, in section III).
Hotjar especially downloads anonymized IP number of
                      coinpaprika.com user, the size of the screen of user’s
                      device, type of user’s device, information on the browser,
                      the country from which traffic on coinpaprika.com is
                      generated and preferred language of the website. These
                      data are accumulated by Hotjar Limited in the from of a
                      pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar Limited nor the
                      Administrator use these data in order to identify
                      individual coinpaprika.com users or to combine these data
                      with other data.
Hotjar helps us to acquire better understanding of users’
                      interactions with our website as well as diagnose and
                      eliminate errors that make communication with our users
                      more difficult (in other words, optimize coinpaprika.com).
You can find more information on the protection of personal data by Hotjar Limited
here.
Users of our website can switch off accumulating of data
                      by Hotjar Limited at any moment, following instructions
                      from
this web page.
Legal basis:
our legally justified interest (art. 6
                      sec. 1 point f) of the GDPR) that consists in analysis of the
                      way coinpaprika.com is used by users in order to make it easier
                      for them to use our website in the future, through better adjustment
                      of coinpaprika.com to their needs, improvement and expansion
                      of its functionalities and its better protection in terms of
                      ICT.
Period of data storage:
the accumulated data are removed from Google Analytics servers
                      after 50 months, in line with the Administrator’s choice. Data
                      accumulated by Hotjar are stored by Hotjar for no more than
                      365 days (see
detailed information
on the period of data storage).
PURPOSE: CONTACT WITH USERS THROUGH SOCIAL MEDIA
Social media (their owners) such as Facebook, Twitter or
                      Instagram are administrators of personal data of their
                      users and process them according to the rules described in
                      terms of use / privacy policies of these portals. If you
                      interact with the Administrator through one of such
                      portals (e.g. by reacting to our post or writing a
                      comment), we also become an administrator of your personal
                      data.
Range of data:
name, last name, nick, public profile, other personal date
                      you have provided in posts / comments.
Legal basis:
legally justified interest of the Administrator that consists
                      in answering to comments of social media users and maintaining
                      relations with them as well as building of a positive image
                      of the Administrator and coinpaprika.com (art. 6 sec. 1 point
                      f) of the GDPR).
PURPOSE: TACKLING OF EMAIL CORRESPONDENCE, CORRESPONDENCE
                    THROUGH FORMS (CONTACT FORM, REQUEST FORM, REPORT FORM) AT
                    COINPAPRIKA.COM, EMAIL CONTACT WITH YOU
Social media (their owners) such as Facebook, Twitter or
                      Instagram are administrators of personal data of their
                      users and process them according to the rules described in
                      terms of use / privacy policies of these portals. If you
                      interact with the Administrator through one of such
                      portals (e.g. by reacting to our post or writing a
                      comment), we also become an administrator of your personal
                      data.
Range of data:
name, last name, nick, public profile, other personal date
                      you have provided in posts / comments.
Legal basis:
legally justified interest of the Administrator that consists
                      in answering to comments of social media users and maintaining
                      relations with them as well as building of a positive image
                      of the Administrator and coinpaprika.com (art. 6 sec. 1 point
                      f) of the GDPR).
Period of data storage:
throughout the period of the Administrator’s operation, excluding
                      data that the Administrator removes or anonymizes, following
                      a user’s opposition, unless further archiving of correspondence
                      is justified because of overriding interest of the Administrator,
                      e.g. protection from claims on your part.
PURPOSE: ESTABLISHING, PURSUING OR DEFENDING CLAIMS.
Range of data:
provided that the range of data processed by the Administrator
                      for the purpose of establishing, pursuing or defending claims
                      has not been specified before in the Privacy policy, we inform
                      that these are selected data provided by Users, in particular
                      those included in the content of messages sent to the Administrator,
                      especially email address and other data needed to prove there
                      is a claim or to prove the size of inflicted damage.
Legal basis:
legally justified interest of the Administrator that consists
                      in establishing, pursuing and defending claims in front of
                      competent courts and state authorities.
Period of data storage:
by the time User’s claims against the Administrator and the
                      Administrator’s claims against User expire – in principle,
                      six years with extension of this period to the end of the calendar
                      year.
ENTITIES TO WHICH WE PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA
Running of coinpaprika.com requires that we use services
                      of specialized companies (primarily service providers) to
                      whom we provide Users’ personal data. These are entities
                      that provide the following services to us:
IT services, especially:
Software as a Service (cloud software) from e.g.
                          Google Ireland Limited. In particular, we use services
                          provided by Google Ireland Limited under the name G
                          Suite, including email that operates on the basis of
                          Google servers,
programming services,
analysis of habits and preferences of coinpaprika.com
                          users (e.g. Google Analytics, Hotjar),
email sending,
display of personalized information (Facebook Ireland
                          Limited, Google Ads),
advertising, marketing services.
These entities, as long as they process your personal data
                      on our request, operate on the basis of agreements they
                      have concluded with us and are obliged to protect your
                      personal data just as much as the Administrator.
Our service providers are seated primarily in Poland and
                      other countries of the European Economic Area (EEA), in
                      particular a number of global corporations whose services
                      we use (e.g. Google, Facebook) are seated in Ireland or
                      Malta (e.g. Hotjar). We would like to explain that for the
                      time being the EEA includes member states of the European
                      Union, Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
In selected cases we use services of entities that are
                      seated outside the EEA, e.g. in the US. In such a case the
                      Administrator guarantees appropriate level of protection
                      of Users’ personal data. Especially when we transfer your
                      data to the US, we cooperate with entities that are
                      members of the EU-US Privacy Shield program or have
                      undertaken to apply standard contractual clauses adopted
                      by the European Commission.
It also refers to our cooperation with entities from other
                      countries outside the EEA – in such cases we transfer your
                      personal data on the basis of adequate decision of the
                      Commission and in case of lack thereof, we make sure
                      appropriate security measures described in art. 46 and 47
                      of the GDPR (e.g. standard data protection clauses adopted
                      by the Commission) are guaranteed.
We can also become obliged to transfer your data to state
                      authorities or third party if their demands to do so will
                      be legally justified.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO OUR PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL
                    DATA
The Administrator will make sure that the rights of
                      natural persons, especially coinpaprika.com users, which
                      are specified in the GDPR, are exercised.
You can inform us about specific requests at:
                      contact@coinpaprika.com.
THE RIGHT TO ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA (art. 15 of the GDPR)
You can ask us whether we process your personal data.
If we do, then you have the right to:
acquire access to your personal data;
acquire information about:
the purposes of processing,
the categories of your personal data that we process,
the recipients or categories of recipients of your
                          personal data,
the planned period of storing of your personal data or
                          criteria for establishing this period,
your rights under the GDPR,
the right to file a complaint to the supervising
                          authority,
the source from which we acquired your personal data –
                          if they were not provided by you,
the automated decision making, including profiling,
the security measures applied in relation to the
                          transfer of data outside the EEA;
acquire a copy of your personal data for which the
                      Administrator may charge a reasonable fee resulting from
                      administrative costs for the second and subsequent copies
                      of your personal data.
THE RIGHT TO RECTIFY (CORRECT) YOUR PERSONAL DATA (art. 16
                    of the GDPR)
You can demand that we rectify (correct) or complement
                      your personal data.
THE RIGHT TO WITHDRAW PERMISSION TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL
                    DATA (art. 7 sec. 3 of the GDPR)
If the basis for processing of your personal data by us is
                      your permission, you have the right to withdraw this
                      permission at any moment.
Withdrawal of the permission does not affect the
                      lawfulness of processing performed by the Administrator
                      under you permission before it has been withdrawn.
THE RIGHT TO OPPOSE TO PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
                    (art. 21 of the GDPR)
You can oppose to processing of your personal data by us
                      at any moment, provided that the basis for such processing
                      is our legally justified interest. It is the case when
                      e.g. we process your data in order to submit the
                      newsletter you have subscribed to you.
THE RIGHT TO LIMIT PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA (art. 18
                    of the GDPR)
You have the right to limit processing of your personal
                      data and, as a result, we can, in principle, only store
                      your personal data during the period of limited
                      processing.
Below we list the situations, when you can demand that we
                      limit processing of your personal data:
when you question correctness of your personal data – for
                      the period we need to verify correctness of these data;
when processing of your personal data is unlawful and you
                      oppose to removing your personal data, demanding
                      limitation of their use instead;
when the Administrator no longer needs your personal data
                      for processing, but you need them to establish, pursue or
                      defend claims;
when you have opposed to processing – as long as we decide
                      whether legally justified grounds on our part are superior
                      to the grounds of your opposition.
THE RIGHT TO REMOVE YOUR PERSONAL DATA (‘THE RIGHT TO BE
                    FORGOTTEN’) (art. 17 of the GDPR)
You have the right to demand that we remove selected or
                      all of your personal data, provided that:
your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes
                      for which they have been collected or otherwise processed;
you withdrew permission to process your personal data and
                      the Administrator was still processing these data on the
                      basis of your permission;
you opposed to processing of your personal data on the
                      basis of our legally justified interest and that
                      opposition was legitimate,
you opposed to processing of your personal data for direct
                      marketing, including profiling related to this type of
                      marketing;
your personal data were processed illegally.
We would like to point out that despite your demand to
                      remove your personal data, in certain situations we will
                      still be entitled to process your personal data to the
                      extent needed to fulfill legal obligations of the
                      Administrator and within the scope essential for
                      establishing, pursuing or defending claims.
THE RIGHT TO TRANSFER YOUR PERSONAL DATA (art. 20 of the
                    GDPR)
You have to right to receive from us the personal data you
                      have provided, which we process under your permission or
                      an agreement with you. What is more, you can request that
                      we submit these data, in a commonly used format, to
                      another data administrator, provided that it is
                      technically viable.
THE RIGHT TO FILE A COMPLAINT TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE
                    PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION OFFICE
If you believe that we do not process your personal data
                      in compliance with the GDPR, especially if we violate your
                      rights under the GDPR, you can file a complaint to the
                      President of the Personal Data Protection Office (Personal
                      Data Protection Office, ul. Stawki 2, 00-193 Warsaw).
Cookies policy
CoinPaprika.com web pages use text files described as cookies.
Cookies are downloaded to the memory of your device through
                which you use coinpaprika.com, e.g. on your laptop, smartphone
                or tablet. Cookies allow us to remember your activity on the
                website and you preferences for longer.
Cookies usually contain the name of the domain they come
                    from, ‘expiry date’ of such text file and a random unique
                    number or another value. We use the following types of
                    cookies:
session cookies – which are removed once you close your
                      browser;
persistent cookies – which are removed after a specific
                      period (‘expiry date’), regardless of closing the browser
                      or leaving coinpaprika.com;
own cookies – set by coinpaprika.com servers;
third party cookies – set by third party servers, e.g.
                      Google Analytics.
The cookies that are used by the Administrator store
                    information:
about your device,
about your browser,
about the way you found coinpaprika.com,
about your session on coinpaprika.com
We use cookies for the following purposes:
to remember your preferences in order to e.g. make it
                      easier for you to use our website when you return to it,
to analyze and hold statistics of views at our website,
                      e.g. with the use of Google Analytics;
to better adjust information that the Administrator sends
                      you via Facebook, Google services and Google’s partner
                      websites,
to track redirected traffic,
to adjust the content of coinpaprika.com to your
                      preferences,
to optimize the use of coinpaprika.com through, among
                      other things, recognizing User device and personalization
                      of the website’s view on your device,
to hold statistics that help understand how people use our
                      portal, which helps us constantly improve its structure
                      and content.
You can freely manage cookies, including the rules of their
                storing or acquiring access, through appropriate settings of
                your browser. Provider of every browser enables users to change
                its settings according to their preferences. We inform that
                blocking of cookies may cause certain problems in terms of
                website use, including our website.
You can change cookies settings at any moment and oppose to
                    processing of information included in these files either by
                    us or third party. You will find more information on cookies
                    management in popular browsers here:
Google Chrome,
Safari,
Mozilla Firefox,
Opera,
Internet Explorer,
You can oppose to sending of information collected by cookies to
                Google within Google Analytics provided that you download a
                plug-in
here.
You can switch off personalized Google ads at any moment – just
                click
here.
You can also oppose to downloading data by the provider of
                Hotjar analytics tool
here.
If you use or website on a mobile device, you can find
                additional information regarding cookies settings on producers’
                websites.
Besides, we use selected business tools offered by Facebook in
                the form of Pixel and nonstandard recipient group functions.
                Detailed information on the rules of operation of these tools is
                available at www.facebook.com. When it comes to Pixel, you have
                already received information separately from Facebook.
We would like to explain that Pixel is a programming code that
                enables tracking of Users’ behavior on coinpaprika.com pages,
                where it was placed. Thanks to Pixel, Facebook learns that you
                visited our website and puts you in the target group to display
                our announcements to. These announcements are displayed
                exclusively to Facebook users who have showed interest in our
                website. Thanks to these tools, if you are also a Facebook user,
                Facebook can show you suggestions on our content that may be
                interesting to you (personalized content). More information on
                settings and preferences regarding content displayed to you on
                Facebook can be found
here.
If you want to switch off Facebook Pixel for yourself, click
here
and, after logging into Facebook, change ads setting on your Facebook
                account.
FINAL PROVISIONS
The Administrator can change or complement the Privacy policy.
                The Administrator will inform about any changes of the Privacy
                policy on coinpaprika.com. In case of significant changes, the
                Administrator may send an additional update to the email address
                you have provided.