Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the types of your personal data we receive, or your personal data that you may share with us when you use Cute Collage Application (the “App”, “our App”) and explains how we collect your personal data, how we store, use and disclose your personal data as well as how we protect this data and how you can benefit your privacy rights which are given to you by law. This Privacy Policy also explains how we and the companies we cooperate processing that data in the context of our activities related to the App.
When we refer to personal data (or personal information) we mean any information of any kind relating to you as an identified or identifiable natural person. It is you who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to your physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social status.
Our Privacy Policy applies to all users, and others who access the App (“users”).
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAYS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED, CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE THE APP YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If significant material changes are made, the “last update” date as shown above will be revised. You should check back regularly to keep abreast of our current policies.
By using this App you agree that Cute Collage and its affiliates and third parties may collect, maintain, process and use diagnostic, technical, usage, other applications installed on your device and other information, including but not limited to unique system or hardware identifiers, OS type and version, IP address, time zone, device carrier, location data, and other content contained on your hardware device (“User Data”). Additionally, User Data may be shared with third parties that enter into business transaction and agreements with Cute Collage. User Data will be used for various purposes as determined solely by Cute Collage, including, but not limited to, contacting you, troubleshooting, future feature development, and advertising. If you do not agree to the transmission of the User Data as set forth above, please do not use the Application.
Types of Information Collected
By using this App you agree that Cute Collage, its agents, affiliates and third parties may collect, maintain, process and use diagnostic, technical, usage and related information, including but not limited to unique system or hardware identifiers, location data, and other content contained on your hardware device. Additionally, you agree to the terms of the Cute Collage Privacy Policy. You certify that all information provided to us is and will be true, accurate, current and complete. You authorize us to create and maintain an account for you and collect information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. As described in our Privacy Policy, you consent to us obtaining, analyze, sort, and present certain information or features about you.
The information we collect fit into two general categories:
1. Personal Information
This information identifies you personally, such as your name, address, email address, social media handles or user names or phone number.
2. Non-personal Information
This is information about you or your household that doesn't identify you personally, like gender, income or what types of products you’re interest in. When Personal Information and Non-personal Information are combined, it is treated as Personal Information.
3. Information We Do Not Collect
We do not collect personal directory data such as calendar, address book, phone/text log or photo/video data created by you and stored or accessed on your device.
4. How We Collect Information
We collect information about you in three general ways:
Information you provide to us. Information automatically collected. Information provided to us by third parties.
Information You Provide
By using the App or creating accounts therein, you directly provide Cute Collage with certain information. Additionally, when you communicate with Cute Collage outside of the App your provide information about yourself (e.g. your phone number, name or email address).
Information Automatically Collected
By using our software and its associated services (collectively “Application”), we collect information about you that includes, usage information, device information, installed apps on your device, location information, website information, IP addresses, ads your see, ads you click on and interact with, preferences, and information collected by cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and tracking pixels.
Information Provided By Third Parties
By using the App, User Data is collected and transmitted to third parties for analytics and other research. These third parties may combine the information we provide with information the third party has collected from other sources about you. This information may then be provided to Cute Collage for its analysis, marketing, or feature development among other uses.
5. Disclosure of Information
We allow third-parties to collect certain information when you use our app. These companies may utilize cookies, pixels or other technologies to collect and use non-personally identifiable information (e.g. hashed data, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your usage in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
Interest-Based Ads
Some of our third-party providers or business partners are advertising networks, marketing partners, publishers and other entities who perform analytics and advertise our products and service not affiliated with us (“Advertising Service Providers”). In connection with these advertising services, we or our Advertising Service Providers may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect behavioral information about how you interact with your mobile device in order to perform tracking and marketing analytics or serve advertisements that are more likely to be of interest to you.
Disclosure of Information
Cute Collage discloses information collected when it is necessary by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence. We may also disclose information if Cute Collage determines that it is reasonably necessary to enforce our Terms of Use or protect our operations or other users.
We also disclose your information to those to whom you send messages, strategic partners of Cute Collage, in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. Aggregated or de-identified information may be shared as Cute Collage deems appropriate.
We reserve the right to access, use, preserve, transfer or disclose, at any time without notice to you, any information (including Personal Information) as reasonably necessary to:
Comply with any applicable law, regulation, subpoena or legal process, or respond to any governmental requests and cooperate with law enforcement, if we believe such action is required or permitted by law;  Enforce our Terms of Use, including investigating any potential violations;  Protect the safety, integrity, rights or security of our users, our App or equipment, or any third party; or  Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues related to our App or our business affiliates.
6. US regional patterns:
Residents of the State of California (USA) have the right to request a list of all third parties to whom our App disclosed certain personal information (in accordance with the laws of the State of California) in the previous year for the purposes of direct marketing of such third parties. If you are a resident of the State of California and want to receive such a list, please contact us through the email displayed below. When submitting such a request, please include in the text of your appeal the wording “Your rights to maintain confidentiality in the state of California”, as well as your name, address, city, state, and zip code. In the text of your request, please provide us with sufficient information so that we can determine if the above requirements of the law apply to your situation. You must confirm that you are a resident of the State of California (USA) and provide the current address in the state of California for our response. Please note that we do not accept calls by phone, mail or facsimile, nor are we responsible for calls that are flagged or misdelivered or that do not contain exhaustive information.
7. Security of Information
Cute Collage takes precautions – including administrative, technical, and physical measures – to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
8. Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information for users under thirteen years of age. If you are under thirteen years of age or do not possess parental consent to install and use this application, you are not allowed to use this Application.
9. Changes to Privacy Policy
This Privacy policy may change from time to time.Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances may be provided to you.
10. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at support@cutecollage.co
Copyright © 2018, Cute Collage
Last Updated: 08/20/2019