SportLoMo User Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions for use of SportLoMo account
Terms and Conditions By using SportLomo Limited Membership system or registering with Sportlomo, users agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions.
You are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving services. You have the capacity to enter into a contract with SportLoMo Limited.
You also agree to provide:
True, accurate, current and complete information about yourself and your other parties.
Update the data to keep it true, accurate and complete.
Be advised that Sportlomo keep a record of user’s registration details and details of any Payments made by or to a user for the duration of any user’s registration with SportLoMo.
SportLoMo limited reserves the right to refuse registration of any User at its own discretion.
Fees and Payment (subscriptions)
Fees and bank fees will be automatically deducted from every payment made via SportLomo. This is done in agreement with each Organisation that registers for the SportLomo Payment System.
Payments will be processed immediately by Sportlomo and the payment provider. In the absence of fraud, you shall not have the right of cancellation of your payment and in placing a payment, you waive any statutory rights you may have to cancellation of the processing of your payment by Sportlomo Limited.
Credit Card Payments
Users making Payments by charge card or credit card hereby agree and assure:
All charge card or credit card information supplied is true, correct and complete;
The person making the Payment is duly authorised to use the charge card or credit card for that purpose.
The Payment and the fees will be honoured by the User’s credit card company.
All Payments made via the Website are final unless fraudulent use of the card is proven. No financial information (bank details, credit card information etc) is held by SportLomo - this information is held securely by our payment facilitators.
Privacy and Security
Acceptance of these terms and condition assumes acceptance of the SportLomo privacy policy. View here: http://sportlomo.com/privacy-policy/
User Name and Password
It is up to each user to protect their username and password. The User is responsible for all activities that occur under its password.
SportLomo Limited takes no responsibility for fraudulent use of your SportLomo account whereby the username and password has been used to access the account.
Should you feel your username and password have been compromised, you must change your username and password immediately or contact Sportlomo without delay.
Changes to Terms and Conditions
Sportlomo reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently the website / payments system with or without notice. 6.2 When you transact through the site you are deemed to have understood and accepted the latest terms and conditions as published.
Termination
Sportlomo Limited may terminate your registration or your use of the Website on written notice or email, if you are in breach of any of the terms and conditions and fail to correct such breach within 10 days.
In the event of the use of the payments system being terminated for any user, that user will still be bound by the terms and conditions.
Termination of these terms and conditions for any reason shall not affect the accrued rights of the parties.
Limitation of Liability
SportLomo shall use reasonable skill and care in the operation of the Membership Payments. However, Users and Organisations acknowledge that:
SportLomo shall not be liable for any interruption or suspension of the Membership Payments due to circumstances beyond its control including, without limitation any breakdown in Internet connectivity or security.
Contact Us
Should you experience technical difficulties please contact us:
sportlomo.com/contact
Note: These terms and conditions are governed by Irish law and any disputes arising shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish Courts.
Last Amended: February 2017