facebook
twitter
instagram
Privacy Policy
Version 1.0.5, Last Updated 15 November 2021.
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the privacy policy (the ‘Privacy Policy’) of BalanceViewer.
Privacy matters but it can be confusing. This page explains our approach to privacy on BalanceViewer.com website and BalanceViewer IOS app and how it affects you.
This privacy policy (‘Policy’) describes how we collect, use and share personal data of users of this website (https://www.balanceviewer.com) and BalanceViewer IOS app. Please take a moment to read this Policy which explains how we collect, use, disclose and transfer the personal information that you provide to us on our website or mobile application.
By visiting our site and using our BalanceViewer app and providing us with your personal data, you acknowledge and agree that your personal data may be processed for the purposes identified in this Policy.
You can find out more about BalanceViewer and the Terms and Conditions for using our site and app
here
Contact Information
Our contact details are: support@balanceviewer.com
We welcome your comments about this Policy. If you have any questions about how we use your personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
email: support@balanceviewer.com
What We Collect
We obtain information about you in a range of ways:
Information You Give Us.
We collect your name, email address and demographic information (such as your location) as well as other information you directly give us on our site or in the App. In addition, we may also collect personal information from you when you correspond with use (for example, when you send us e-mail communications or letters, or by telephone).
Information We Get From Others.
We may get information about you from other sources. We may add this to information we get from this site and the App.
Information Automatically Collected.
We automatically log information about you and your computer. For example, when visiting our site we log your computer operating system type, browser type, browser language, the website you visited before browsing to our site, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times and information about your use of and actions on our site. When you use our App we receive certain information regarding when you access the software, how long you use it, and when you logged in. Our App may use automated analytic software which we use in aggregate to improve the performance of the product(s).
Information We Get From BalanceViewer App
The app uses FireBase (Google server) with Anonymous Authentication. It helps you to use the app anonymously, without creating account or providing any sensitive data about yourself. Each device has a unique identifier, therefore, even if you deleted the application by accident, just install it again and all the data will be in the app. Do not worry, there is no way to associate a unique identifier with any of the users, unless the user will provide it by himself to our support (for example in case of problems).
If you want to synchronize data between devices or transfer data from one device to another you must to authorize using Apple, Google or Facebook accounts. If you choose sign via Apple instead your personal email address will be created a random address. So your personal email address isn't shared with the app during the account setup and sign in process. While authorization using Google or Facebook identifier will be your email. But even in this case, we do not store your password or any other information about you, except your email address. If you want to use the same account with someone on different devices or do not want to share your personal email, you can create a new email through Google/Facebook and use it for these purposes.
Cookies
Our site (like most platforms) uses cookies and other similar technology such as ‘web beacons’.
What is a Cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website or mobile application. Cookies are then sent back to the originating site on each subsequent visit, or to another site that recognises that cookies. You can find out more information about cookies at
All About Cookies
Cookies are widely used in order to make sites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the platform.
We use cookies to enhance the online experience of our visitors (for example, by remembering your language and/or product preferences) and to better understand how our site is used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited our site before or whether you are a new visitor. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
Types of Cookies
There are two broad categories of cookies:
- First Party Cookies, served directly by BalanceViewer to your computer or mobile device. They are used only by BalanceViewer to recognise your computer or mobile device when it revisits our site.
- Third party cookies, which are served by a service provider on our site, and can be used by the service provider to recognise your computer or mobile device when it visits other sites. Third party cookies are most commonly used for platform analytics or advertising purposes.
Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. Some cookies are ‘session cookies’, meaning that they exist only while your browser is open. These are deleted automatically once you close your browser. Other cookies are ‘permanent cookies,’ meaning that they survive after your browser is closed. They can be used by the site to recognise our computer or mobile device when you open your browser and browse the Internet again.
What cookies do we use?
Our Site and App use the following types of cookies:
- Analytics Cookies. These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. The information gathered does not identify any individual visitor and is aggregated. It includes the number of visitors to our site, the sites that referred them to our site and the pages that they visited on our site. We use this information to help operate our site more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the level of activity on our site.
- Performance Cookies. These cookies collect information about how visitors use the site, so that we can analyse traffic and understand how our visitors use our sites. We use Google Analytics for this purpose. Google Analytics uses its own cookies. These cookies don’t collect information that identify a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the site works. You can find out more information about Google Analytics cookies
here.
You can avoid the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our site by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via this
link.
- Functionality Cookies. These cookies allow our site to remember choices you make (such as your user name, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
- Social Media Cookies. These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or ‘like’ button on our sites or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking site such as Facebook or Google. The social network will record that you have done this. This information may be linked to targeting/ advertising activities.
Further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit
here
and
here.
IP Addresses
We may collect information about your computer or mobile device, including where available your IP address, operating system, log in times and browser type. We use this information to better understand how visitors use our site and App for internal reporting purposes. We may anonymise and share this information with advertisers, sponsors and/or other businesses.
Use of Personal Data
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
- to operate, maintain, and improve our sites, products and services;
- to respond to comments and questions and provide customer service;
- to send information including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
- to communicate news about products and services offered by us;
- to link or combine user information with other personal data;
- to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity;
- to provide and deliver products and services at customers request.
Sharing of Personal Data
We do not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies outside BalanceViewer except under the following circumstances:
- With your consent. For example, you may let us share certain data regarding your devices, payment methods,  subscriptions and warranties with others to promote offers tailored to you. Personally identifiably information such as your email address, name, passcode you have input into the BalanceViewer App or Website are not shared with anyone or any company.
- When we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
- For legal, protection, and safety purposes;
- To comply with laws or any regulatory obligation;
- To respond to lawful requests and legal processes;
- To protect the rights and property of Artem Lanin, our agents, customers and others. This includes enforcing our agreements, policies and Terms of Use.
- In an emergency. This includes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person.
- With those who need it to do work for us.
-We may also share aggregated and/ or anonymised data with others for their own uses.
Data deletion
To delete all data, you must delete all your accounts from the application. If you synchronized your data via Apple, Google or Facebook, first log into Apple, Google or Facebook account via application and delete all accounts, then log out and make sure that there are no accounts in the app, if they still exist remove them as well. After that all the data will be completely removed.
Protecting Your Information
We want you to feel confident about using our site and app, and we are committed to protecting the personal information we collect. We limit access to personal information about you to employees who reasonably need access to it, to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We have appropriate technical and organisational physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the personal information that you provide to us against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, damage or destruction.
Changes to This Policy
From time to time we may change this Policy. If we make any changes, we will change the Last Updated date above. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use our site and app.
Any questions?
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your personal data, please write to us by email to
support
.
OUR DETAILS
Our contact details are: support@balanceviewer.com
Do you like cookies?
🍪 We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
I agree
}