fares.net Apps Privacy Policy
fares.net built the Athkar and Prkn Apps and other Apps as
                  a Free app with Pro version. This SERVICE is provided by
                  fares.net.
This page is used to inform you regarding Athkar App
                  policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of
                  Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use the Service, then you agree to
                  the collection and use of information in relation to this
                  policy. We do not collect Personal Information. 
                  The App may sometimes collection information about the device, 
                  We will not use or share your information with
                  anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings
                  as in our
Terms and Conditions
, which is accessible at
                  Athkar App unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect
                    information used to identify your device.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used
                    by the app
Google Analytics for Firebase
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you
                  use our Service, in a case of an error in the app
                  we collect data and information (through third party
                  products) on your phone Log Data. This Log Data may
                  include information such as your device ID, device country location,
                 device name, operating system version, the
                  configuration of the app when utilizing our Service,
                  the time and date of your use of the Service, and other
                  statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and
                  individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
                  time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                  periodically for any changes. We will
                  notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
                  this page.
This policy is effective as of 01-01-2020
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our
                  Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at athkarApp @ fares.net.