Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to Paper. This Privacy Policy covers how Paper collects, uses, discloses, transfers, and stores your information.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a specific individual.
When you contact Paper, e.g. for a support request, Paper may keep a record of your communication.
The personal information Paper collects helps to improve the product and customer communications.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information is data that cannot be used to uniquely identify a specific individual. Paper may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.
Here are examples of non-personal information that Paper collects through the use of third-party services:
When you visit this website, Paper keeps logs of your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and language, referring and exit pages, operating system and date/time stamp. Currently, Paper uses Google Analytics to collect and process this information.
When you launch Paper, it records and stores the fact that the app was launched. This information helps to estimate existing and new user counts. Currently, Paper uses Visual Studio App Center to collect and process this information.
When you use Paper, it collects and stores usage statistics. This information helps to improve the product. Currently, Paper uses Visual Studio App Center to collect and process usage statistics. This behaviour is disabled by default. It can be enabled following these instructions:
On iPhone or iPad: open Preferences app, select Paper and under Nitpicking submenu toggle Send Usage Statistics.
On a Mac: open Paper menu, hold Option key and under Nitpicking submenu select Send Usage Statistics.
When Paper crashes, it collects and stores crash reports. This information helps to analyze the crash and determine the source of the problem. Currently, Paper uses Visual Studio App Center to collect and process crash reports.
AI Features
Paper sends your AI prompts straight to the OpenAI API. The request does not go through our own servers. No data is collected on our side.
Third Party Sites and Services
Paper’s usage of third party services is governed by their privacy policies. For more information, visit the links below.
iCloud security and privacy overview
Google Analytics Terms of Service
Microsoft Privacy Statement (Visual Studio App Center)
OpenAI Privacy Policy
OpenAI Terms of Use
Cookies and other Technologies
Paper uses "cookies" to collect information about your use of this website. Cookies are small text files a website can store on your hard drive. Paper uses the information it collects in this manner to better understand users’ interaction with the website and to optimize the user experience. You can disable cookies in your browser settings.
About this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. All changes will be posted on this page.
If you have any questions that are not covered here, please contact Paper at
hey@paper.pro
.
Last modified: September 28, 2024