About Us
Contacts
Support
Games
Careers
Fb
LnkdN
Games
Support
Contacts
About Us
Fb
LnkdN
Careers
Games
Support
Contacts
About us
Careers
LnkdN
Fb
Privacy Policy
Version: 1.1
Last update: August 24, 2022
LIT GAMES
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter the
"Policy"
) applies to the games (hereinafter
"Game"
), developed, published, and/or under the direction (control) of
MMN7 LIT GAMES DEVELOPMENT LIMITED
(hereinafter the
"Company"
) and placed on the websites, Google Play Market, Apple App Store, as well as other services and resources of the Company, that are directly related to the Game.
PREAMBLE
The Сompany, through its activities, namely the publication, distribution and management of the Games via the Internet, receives access to information, which is confidential, as well as the data of individuals that use the Game (hereinafter the
"User", "Users"
).
The Company may need to get from the user certain specific information and data for the purposes of proper identification of the user in the Game and fulfillment of the conditions of the EULA. In so doing, the Company affirms that such confidential information and/or data shall be protected from unauthorized distribution and/or use, in accordance with the requirements stipulated by the legislation of Cyprus and the provisions of this Policy.
INFORMATION AND DATA OBTAINED BY THE COMPANY
The User, by using the Game, including completing registration (if applicable), sending messages and letters, and otherwise interacting with the Company, provides the company some information and data, such as:
- IP-address;
- User’s geolocation (determined by IP-address);
- Operating system version;
- Browser version;
- Screen resolution;
- User’s language;
- Hardware ID;
- Payment history;
- Mobile ID;
- Advertising ID.
Company doesn't store User’s credit or debit card data or other User’s data in respect of financial operations.
The User agrees not to upload in Game and to Company’s websites any personal data of his or her own or third parties’, not to collect, use, or place into the game or any of its services the personal data of any third parties without their consent, including first, middle, or last names, phone numbers, email addresses, residential addresses, passport details, or any other information.
The User is liable for the security of his or her own login data, including the username and password used to access his or her user account in the Game or any of its services. In case of breach of User’s data security while such data was under Company’s control, the Company is to inform the User within reasonable time.
The User is advised, during the registration process and other actions performed when using the Game, to not disclose to third parties his or her login details, as well as other personal information, including phone numbers, addresses, bank account numbers, or other information and data that the User considers confidential.
The User agrees that the Company, as it oversees the Game, also receives some information of a technical/in-game nature, among which is information about the User's activity within the game, including:
(а) login data (login and logout time);
(b) information about books that the User is reading or have previously read, including at what point they stopped reading;
(c) information on User's choices made during the playthrough;
(d) in-game purchases data;
(e) User's rewards and achievements;
(f) account and character information.
User’s nickname, other information depending on the place of posting (chat room or forum), can be available to all of the Users. Please note that by the posting your personal information you have manifestly made this information public, and this may become available to other users of our Games and internet users and be copied and/ or disseminated by such users. Once this data is transferred by You to other users you will not be able to delete this data.
We do not request or intend to collect any "special categories of information" such as any information on health, race, religion, political opinions or philosophical beliefs. Please, be cautious not to share this information about yourself (or others) using our Services.
THE USE OF INFORMATION AND DATA OBTAINED BY THE COMPANY
The Company may use information and data received from Users for the following purposes:
(a) to manage the User's account;
(b) to provide the User with access to the Game;
(c) to provide the User with additional information and materials related to the Game;
(d) to provide the User with access to additional services, including services to which the User has subscribed;
(e) to provide for communication between Users;
(f) to provide customer support;
(g) to make changes, additions, and improvements to the Game.
Our ad management and recommendation system is designed so that information and data received from Users will not be shared directly with our third party advertisers. An advertiser or maker of a recommendation can only choose to target advertisements to groups of Users falling within criteria such as age group, gender or broad location (country, city). If You fall within one of the target groups You will receive an advert or recommendation.
An advertiser or maker of recommendations may also choose to upload a list of identifiers (e.g., emails, phone numbers) to our systems so that we (but not the adviser or maker of recommendations) can check for user matches. They will see the number of matches but not the matches themselves.
The Company or our selected third party partners with our permission, using their own ad servers, can show advertisements to You.
OBLIGATION TO MAINTAIN CONFIDENTIALITY AND THE DISCLOSURE OF DATA
The Company shall keep information and data received from the User strictly confidential, taking all legal, organizational, and technological measures necessary to protect such information from unauthorized or accidental access, destruction, modification, locking, copying, transfer, distribution, and all other illegal actions involving such information and data. The Company shall also take all measures to prevent the disclosure or use of information and data in any way not expressly provided for in this Policy.
Access to the User's information and data, can only be granted to employees working for the Company, who shall obtain access to such information which is necessary for the performance of their duties and Company’s partners for proper Game operation. Such access shall be subject to the measures necessary to protect the confidentiality of such information.
The Company may only disclose to third parties the information and data provided by the User only with the User's consent. The User agrees that the Company may disclose information about the User to third parties in the following cases:
(a) to provide the User with additional information and services;
(b) to complete the financial transactions carried out by the User while using the Game;
(c) when such disclosure is necessary for the execution of justice or the execution of a judicial act or an act from another body or official which must be executed in accordance with the applicable legislation.
The Company shall store the User's information and data for as long as is necessary for the purposes of carrying out the EULA, complying with legal requirements, and fulfilling any relevant court decisions.
OBTAINING AND USING CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND DATA FROM MINOR PERSONS
The Company, acting in good faith, shall not accept or knowingly collect any data on persons who, in accordance with the legislation of their country of residence, are underage, for the use of services related to Games developed by and/or under the direction (control) of the Company.
Persons under legal age of 18 many not use the Game or give out their information and data.
TECHNICAL DATA (cookies)
The website of the Game use cookies (a "cookie" is a small file stored on the User’s mobile device and containing information about the User's recent activity) to facilitate logging in and to remember the language in which the User uses the Game.
The Company is entitled to place, on its website and the websites for its Game, cookies and web beacons in order to collect information about the sections of the sites the User visits, the Game and services which interest the User, and the User's movement around the various Game sites and the Company's site(s). If the User is logged in, this information is stored in Company's database. The Company uses this information to improve the performance of the Game, to provide Users with additional information and services, and for other marketing purposes.
The User has the right to regulate the use of cookies in the browser he or she uses. In this case, by disabling the use of cookies, the User will in some cases be unable to fully utilize some of the functions of the Games.
THE ACTIVITY OF THIS POLICY AND THIRD-PARTY RESOURCES
The terms of this Policy apply only to games developed by, published by, and/or under the direction (control) of the Company. However, the Company specifically states that some Games use hyperlinks and banners belonging to third parties, including those which lead to the sites of these third parties. The Company does not guarantee compliance with the provisions of this Policy on these sites and shall not be liable for the disclosure of confidential information and/or personal data by the User on such sites. Service providers in third countries are also accessed for providing Company's services, although data will only be forwarded to recipients in third countries which offer an appropriate level of data protection, such as by means of self-certification for a non-European service or the agreement of so-called EU standard contract clauses for the European Union with the recipient.
THE USER'S RIGHT TO ACCESS AND CHANGE INFORMATION AND DATA
The User has the right to access all of his or her personal information and data stored in the Company's databases.
The User has the right to prohibit the Company's use of the information and data mentioned in this Policy. In so doing, after its receipt of such a prohibition from the User, the Company cannot guarantee the User smooth, complete access to the Games and other services of the Company.
The User has the right to delete all User’s personal data. Company notifies the User that while the User decides to delete all User’s personal data, the Company will not be able to restore it in the future.
The User who wish to object to their data being processed can send this objection to the contact details below by email or by post. This also applies to exercising any rights to information, to correcting, deleting their data or limiting the processing of their data, as well as the right to transfer their personal data. If consent has been given to process the personal data, then this may be withdrawn at any time and apply to the future. The legality of any consent granted for processing data prior to such an objection being received shall remain unaffected.
Information and data can be changed by the User at any time, subject to the restrictions established in this Policy.
DATA DELETION INSTRUCTIONS
To delete your data, follow the steps below:
- Copy your User ID. It can be found in the settings menu.
- Send your data deletion request to privacy@litgames.net. Include your User ID in the email.
CONTACTS
The following party is responsible for processing personal data:
MMN7 LIT GAMES DEVELOPMENT LIMITED
Address:
14 Charalambou Mouskou, Office 104, 2015 Strovolos, Nicosia, Cyprus
Email:
privacy@litgames.net
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY AND TO APPLICABLE LAW
The Company reserves the right to modify this Policy at any time, including modifications for the purpose of taking into account changes in legislation.
This Policy, and any disputes that may arise between Users and the Company, is governed by the laws of Cyprus, without regard for any conflict with local laws and regardless of location.
MMN7 LIT GAMES DEVELOPMENT LIMITED
14 Charalambou Mouskou, Office 104, 2015 Strovolos, Nicosia, Cyprus
If you have any issues with our games, please, go to the support
Support
MMN7 LIT GAMES
DEVELOPMENT LIMITED
14 Charalambou Mouskou,
Office 104, 2015 Strovolos, Nicosia, Cyprus
info@litgames.net
©2023 MMM7 LIT GAMES DEVELOPMENT LIMITED. All rights reserved
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Designed by 69pixels.
Your name
Your email
Game
Choose a game
The Score
Double Life
Last Fight
Amour
Player ID
Message
This field must be filled
Email is incorrect
Name is incorrect
Send
This field must be filled
Email is incorrect
Name is incorrect
{"0":{"lid":"1655371588815","ls":"10","loff":"","li_type":"nm","li_name":"name","li_title":"Your name","li_ph":"John Smith","li_req":"y","li_nm":"name"},"1":{"lid":"1655371588816","ls":"20","loff":"","li_type":"em","li_name":"email","li_title":"Your email","li_ph":"mail@site.com","li_req":"y","li_nm":"email"},"2":{"lid":"1655371588817","ls":"30","loff":"","li_type":"sb","li_name":"game","li_title":"Game","li_req":"y","li_variants":"The Score\nDouble Life\nLast Fight\nAmour","li_selfirstvar":"Choose a game","li_nm":"game"},"3":{"lid":"1655371588818","ls":"40","loff":"","li_type":"in","li_name":"player-id","li_title":"Player ID","li_ph":"ID","li_req":"y","li_nm":"player-id"},"4":{"lid":"1655371588819","ls":"50","loff":"","li_type":"ta","li_name":"message","li_title":"Message","li_ph":"Type your message here","li_req":"y","li_rows":"3","li_nm":"message"}}
Support