Version 2024-03-27
De Marque's principle is to protect the confidentiality of personal information and comply with applicable laws, more precisely, to the extent that it is subject to them by law enforcement or contractual provisions.
This privacy policy summarizes (1) the types of personal information collected by De Marque, (2) the reasons why De Marque collects personal information, (3) how De Marque uses and protects personal information, and (4) the circumstances in which personal information is shared with De Marque's partners and other third parties, where applicable laws require or permit it. This privacy policy also describes decisions that can be made regarding the collection, use and storage of personal information and access to it.
Collecting and Using Personal Information
As part of the operation of the Cantook application ("
Application
"), De Marque will collect and/or process information about you, as described below. Personal information is collected and used only for purposes outlined in this privacy policy and for no other purpose.
When you use the Application to connect to a library
When you first log into the Application, you can select your participating library (the
Library
) and be directed to the Library's website, which will authenticate. You can only benefit from the services offered through the Application if you are an authenticated member of a Library. Your Library will transmit to De Marque your user number and, where applicable, other personal information linked to your library account (for example, your age) to allow you to access the Application, connect to your user account and use the functionalities of the Application. De Marque maintains the strict confidentiality of this information in accordance with this policy, the contractual provisions to which it is subject and the applicable laws.
De Marque is not responsible for using or protecting the personal information you will provide to Libraries or third parties, which the Libraries or third parties manage according to their policies. Please contact them directly to learn more about its privacy and privacy policy.
To offer lending services provided by your library, we also collect, when necessary, your list of current loans, loan history, current reservations, and wish list. We also collect your bookmarks, highlights and notes.
When you use the Application to connect to the Cantook account
When you log in to the application, you can connect to your cantook account. You will be redirected to the cantook account authentication site in this case. The cantook account does not transmit personal data; it only sends an authentication token. The creation of your account is subject to acceptance of the Licence Agreement and the general terms and conditions of the Cantook Account.
To provide the service offered by the Cantook Account, we also collect the list of books to which you have access, your reading history, and your bookmarks, highlights, and notes.
Information Obtained Through Cookies
When you use the Application, some information (such as interactions with the Application or any other information described below) can be collected through the following cookies:
Process Cookie
: This cookie allows the Application to function properly by tracking requests, maintaining its integrity, and allowing you to use the Application.
Security Cookies
: These cookies are used every time an account is opened. They contain a unique encrypted identifier linked to each account and placed in the browser, allowing De Marque to identify you when you log into your account.
Statistical Cookies
: These cookies collect data, such as the date and time the Application was last used and how often it was used, the pages or content viewed, how the Application was used, the information provided, and the operating system features and login information. This information is collected for analysis and statistics, including how often the Application or certain content is accessed. This information helps De Marque improve the application.
You can block cookies unless they are necessary to make the Application work. However, all cookies, even those that cannot be blocked without compromising the ability to use the Application, are temporary and will disappear when the navigation software is shut down or the device is turned off. Anyone with problems with the Application's features can contact us at
info@demarque.com
.
More Information
De Marque may collect information about how you interact with the Application through statistical tools such as Google Analytics. To collect this information, codes will be placed on the Application that will allow us to know, among other things, what searches were done, what content was accessed, and the browser and device used. This information will be processed and updated whenever you interact with the Application. Finally, your geolocation data may be collected when you post content through the Application if the geolocation data-sharing option is enabled on your device.
Use and Sharing of Information Collected
De Marque does not sell, lease or commercially exploit the collected personal information. The collected personal information is not shared with third parties or used by third parties other than for the purposes for which it was collected as described in this policy unless the law requires or authorizes it or appropriate consent has been obtained, as the case may be.
We use the collected personal information for the following purposes:
Allow you to use our Application and the services offered therein by creating an account and a user profile;
Contact you as part of the service functions you use, for example, to give you access to the digital book download link when it is ready, to confirm a digital book reservation, to notify you and send you the loan download link when a book you have booked is available for you to borrow;
Improve your reader’s experience by posting suggestions based on your personalized profile;
Statistics, research and analysis;
Service management;
Offer technical support, if necessary;
Inform you of changes to our terms of use and policies and/or other administrative reasons;
Protecting rights and interests and enforcing this privacy policy or terms of use;
Check that minors do not borrow adult-only books;
Compliance with the law.
Personal Information
Personal information may be disclosed to De Marque's partners and subcontractors that enable the Application to operate properly, for example by helping De Marque develop, maintain and update the Application. The information will only be disclosed to those who "need to know" after verification that contractual and other appropriate measures are in place.
Personal information may be used and disclosed if De Marque, acting reasonably, believes that use and disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, a court proceeding or a government request, or otherwise for any purpose set out in the applicable law allowing or requiring disclosure of personal information.
Anonymous Information Used on an Aggregate Basis
De Marque can use anonymized information aggregated to improve the Application. Anonymous information can also be used aggregated for research and statistical purposes, including projects with De Marque’s partners.
For clarity, anonymized information used on an aggregate basis is not personal information and may not, and will not be, used to re-identify you or another person.
Access, Correction and Update of Personal Information
In accordance with applicable laws, you can make requests for access to, correct or delete personal information by contacting De Marque:
Postal address
De Marque Inc., 400 Jean-Lesage Blvd., bur. 540, Quebec City, Quebec G1K 8W1
Email address
info@demarque.com
Phone number
418-658-9143
Depending on the case, you can also correct the information online or in the Application. De Marque cannot correct data collected from third parties. You should contact these third parties to correct this information.
Security Measures
De Marque implements security measures based on what may reasonably be necessary to protect the security and confidentiality of personal information. In this regard, De Marque has implemented the following measures:
SSL Technology: With every access to the Application over the Internet, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology protects personal information through server authentication and data encryption. No personal information will be released until this technology is activated;
Limited access: Access to personal information is granted only to relevant De Marque employees, representatives and subcontractors "
who need to know
" for the purposes of developing or operating the Application;
Secure Center: De Marque's servers are located in a data center located in Quebec and the Application is hosted on Google Cloud Platform. For more information on these hosting services, please visit the terms of use and policy, available at:
Google Cloud Terms Directory | Google Cloud
.
EVEN IF DE MARQUE USES TECHNOLOGIES THAT ARE MARKETABLE QUALITY TO OPERATE THE APPLICATION AND ITS SERVERS - AS WELL AS ANY TYPE OF FILE - THEY ARE NOT FOOLPROOF AND FULLY PROTECTED AGAINST UNPREDICTABLE EVENTS OR FORCE MAJEURE, CYBERATTACKS OR UNAUTHORIZED USES AND ACCESS, AND YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT THERE IS A RISK ASSOCIATED WITH ELECTRONIC DATA TRANSMISSION. THIS RISK IS INHERENT IN ALL ELECTRONIC OPERATIONS AS WELL AS ALL OTHER FORMS OF COMMUNICATION. THEREFORE, DE MARQUE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT INFORMATION WILL NEVER BE INTERCEPTED, ACCESSED OR COMPROMISED IN OTHER INCIDENTS. SUCH EVENTS CAN OCCUR AND MAKE DEVICES OR SYSTEMS ACCESSIBLE TO UNAUTHORIZED OR CONTROLLED BY OTHER PERSONS AND RESULT IN THE RECEIPT OF UNWANTED COMMUNICATIONS AND INVITATIONS. IF YOU RECEIVE A MESSAGE THAT APPEARS TO BE FROM THE APPLICATION IN WHICH YOU ARE ASKED TO SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION, YOU SHOULD AVOID REPLYING. DE MARQUE WILL NEVER REQUEST FINANCIAL AND OTHER SENSITIVE INFORMATION IN THIS MANNER. IF YOU OR ANOTHER PERSON HAS PROVIDED PERSONAL INFORMATION IN RESPONSE TO A SUSPICIOUS EMAIL, POP-UP OR FAKE WEBSITE DECLARING THAT IT IS ASSOCIATED WITH THE APPLICATION, OR IF ANY OF THE ABOVE EVENTS OCCUR, PLEASE CONTACT DE MARQUE IMMEDIATELY.
Storage of Personal Information
Subject to applicable laws, De Marque retains and stores personal information for use and disclosure in accordance with this privacy policy as long as it is necessary to do so for the purposes described here. To this end, De Marque may retain personal information once a specific purpose has been fulfilled if reasonably necessary to do so: (i) to comply with applicable laws or to avoid any infringement; (ii) to resolve disputes; and (iii) to enforce this privacy policy. Once they are no longer needed, the information will be deleted.
Third-Party Websites
Suppose a link to third-party websites is provided on the Application, including the Libraries website and the Cantook account. In that case, you should be aware that these websites are operated independently and are subject to separate terms of use and privacy policies. It is strongly recommended that you be aware of the terms of use and separate policies related to these third-party websites, as De Marque is not responsible for the content or practices of these websites.
Modifications
De Marque reserves all its rights to change this privacy policy anytime. Any significant changes will be communicated through a pop-up or any other means before it takes effect. Subsequently, an updated version of this privacy policy will be published and readily available. In addition, an updated version of this privacy policy will be published each time a minor change is made. It is possible to determine whether this privacy policy has been changed by verifying the effective date in this policy. De Marque recommends that this privacy policy be reviewed periodically to assess its current practices, as continuing to use the Application is an acceptance of any changes made. If you disapprove of changes to this privacy policy or any other applicable modality, you should stop using the Application immediately.
How to Reach De Marque
All questions and comments regarding this privacy policy or requests related to this policy should be forwarded to De Marque at
info@demarque.com
.