Privacy
Print this page
Last Reviewed: March 12, 2025
Last Updated: September 18, 2023
Table of Contents
What this Privacy Policy covers?
What personal information we may collect
What we may use personal information for
Use of cookies and other electronic technologies
How we may use your personal information for marketing
How we may share your personal information
Accuracy, Security, and Retention of your personal information
Rights with respect to your personal information
Transfer of personal information to other countries
Links to third-party sites
California
Questions regarding is Privacy Policy
Modifications to this Privacy Policy
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS?
This section provides you with an overview of what this Privacy Policy covers and how to find the information you need.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to personal information collected through the
http://www.bloombergconnects.org/
website, the BloombergConnects mobile app, registration forms, and other digital properties, as expressly indicated by the Bloomberg.org Group such as through a link or other display of this Privacy Policy. All these services are collectively referred to as the “Services”. The Bloomberg.org Group (“we”, “us”, “our”) includes Bloomberg Consulting LLC, Bloomberg Philanthropies Support LLC and other affiliated entities.
We are committed to protecting your personal information and this Privacy Policy describes what information we may collect about you; how we may use that information; what information of yours we might share with others and your choices in relation to your personal information and how to contact us. Please use the tabs above to navigate easily to the sections of this Privacy Policy that have the information you need.
If you are a California resident, please refer to the Privacy Policy’s
California Section
for more information.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
This section tells you what personal information we may collect from you when you use the Services and what other personal information of yours we may have from other sources.
We, or where relevant our designated service provider, collect personal information that you provide or we receive from other sources. This may include personal information you provide when you fill out the “Contact Us” form, register for a newsletter or fill out a survey.
We, or where relevant our designated service provider, may collect the following personal information about you:
Contact information and identifiers
: name, email address, postal address, or other contact information, account names and passwords, signature, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, or other similar identifiers
Professional and educational history
: professional, industry, employment-related, or educational information
Survey data
: we may collect certain information, including demographic information, when you respond to any surveys we may ask you to complete
Site, device and usage
: we may collect your internet or other electronic network activity information, device information, language, operating system, the state or country from which you access the Services, browser type, browsing history, search history, the number of links you click within the Services, the functions you use, preferences, and information regarding your interaction with the Services or advertisement, which also includes your interactions through heatmaps and session replay.
Geolocation:
we may collect data regarding your location via cookies or similar technologies placed on your device or WiFi based technologies that may detect which WiFi network you are connected to, latitude/longitude coordinates when using certain features in the mobile app
Profile information
: Inferences drawn from the personal information identified above to create a profile reflecting your interests, preferences and behavior
Personal information is obtained directly from you, from your activity when using the Services, and from other parties with whom we collaborate or work, such as service providers, business partners, advertising, data analytics providers, and social networks, as well as, where relevant, from law enforcement agencies. If you submit personal information about others, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so and that you have received authorization from the person about whom you are providing the information and that person has agreed to have all information used, disclosed, and transferred in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We require that users under 18 years of age or under the age of majority in their jurisdiction not submit personal information. In accordance with the U.S. federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”), we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. We encourage parents to participate actively in their children’s Internet experience.
WHAT WE MAY USE PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR
This section explains how and why we may use your personal information.
We use this information for carefully considered business purposes which also benefit our users and which include some or all of the following:
to provide and facilitate our Services and products, including to provide location relevant content
to operate our Services, products and systems properly
to communicate with you, including via push notifications or other communications
to help improve, upgrade or enhance our Services and products and develop new services and products, including research and analysis
to provide support for our Services and product
to maintain the quality and safety of products and the Services; this includes for internal quality controls purposes, including debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
to provide you with offers and promotions regarding the Bloomberg.org Group or other parties that may be of interest to you, including through advertisement
to enhance and personalize your experience with the Services and to analyze website or mobile app usage, including to save your preferences or to analyze and measure ad impressions
to compile or use aggregate and anonymous information about usage of the Services
to protect the interests, rights, safety, or property of the Bloomberg.org Group or others and to monitor compliance with and enforce any terms of any agreement with the Bloomberg.org Group
Some laws require us to describe the lawful reason for processing your personal information. Depending on the circumstances and the jurisdiction you are in, we process your personal information for one or more of the following lawful reasons: (i) consent; (ii) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract; (iii) processing is necessary so that we can comply with our legal obligations, and/or to exercise legal rights; (iv) processing is necessary for carefully considered business purposes (“legitimate interest”) and (v) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation. If we are processing your personal information on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER ELECTRONIC TECHNOLOGIES
This section explains how we use cookies and other similar technologies.
Cookies are a small piece of data (alphanumeric files) that are placed on your device when you visit websites. They are commonly used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information about your use of the website and display content and advertising that is relevant to you.  Other, similar, technologies can also be used to achieve these outcomes.  This could include, for example, SDK tools (which are used on mobile apps), tracking pixels, advertising IDs, social media plug-ins, HTML local storage and Local Shared Objects. We will use the term “Cookies” to refer to both cookies and similar technologies.
We use cookies for a variety of purposes. For example, to enable you to navigate between webpages efficiently, to allow our Services to remember your preferences, or to determine the popularity of our Services. Some of the cookies that we use can track browsing behavior to help us to understand how our Services are used so that we can improve it or to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of the Services. Cookies can also help ensure that any adverts that you see on our digital properties and other websites are more relevant to you and your interests.
You can change your cookie preferences at any time by clicking on the Cookies Preferences icon at the bottom of the website or certain cookies can also be disabled in your device settings if you are using the mobile app. Alternatively, most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Apple Safari
If you use a smart phone, you can usually prevent cross-site tracking and block cookies in the settings section on your device.
To opt-out of Google Analytics, please click
here
. We also use Microsoft Clarity to capture how you use and interact with our Services. Microsoft Clarity uses Cookies to capture this information. For more information on Microsoft Clarity, visit the
Microsoft privacy statement
.
In addition, to learn more about behavioral advertising practices and how to “opt out” of cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) member networks for this purpose, you can visit
www.networkadvertising.org
and opt-out
here
for browsers and
here
for mobile devices. To “opt out” of advertising cookies placed by participating companies in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising, and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive, please click
here
for browsers and click
here
for mobile devices.
HOW WE MAY USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR MARKETING
This section explains when we may provide you with direct marketing and how you can opt out of this.
Where you have chosen this, we may provide you with certain offers and promotions, including of other parties that may be of interest to you. We will provide an option to unsubscribe or opt-out of further communication on any electronic marketing communication sent to you.
Please note that our marketing related emails may contain a campaign-unique “web beacon pixel” to tell us how you interact with our communications. The pixel will be deleted when you delete the email. If you do not wish the pixel to be downloaded to your device, you should opt-out of email marketing or review emails in plain text format.
You may also instruct the Bloomberg.org Group at any time not to use your personal information collected in connection with your request to provide you with offers and promotions by contacting us at
privacy@bloomberg.org
. Please also note that these processes may take some time to complete, consistent with applicable law. Please note that if you exercise choice in this manner, you will continue to receive communications concerning your account and products and services you requested, and in response to any requests for information by you.
Where we may share your personal information with other parties, including group companies, interested in serving you or informing you about their companies and organisations, you may instruct us at any time not to share your personal information with such third parties by contacting us at
privacy@bloomberg.org
.
HOW WE MAY SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
This section explains how we may share your personal information within our group of companies, with our service providers and with other third parties.
We may share your personal information with our group companies. The Bloomberg group companies may assist in providing the Services. We may also share your personal information with designated service providers, including for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Service providers may include IT and marketing technology providers. We may share with other third parties, for example, the cultural institution that you are visiting, information about our users, such as your use of the Services, other sites and digital properties, but only on an unattributed and aggregate basis.
We may also disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary: (a) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena, court order, government request, or other legal process; (b) to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation, arbitration, mediation, adjudication, government or internal investigations, or other legal or administrative proceedings; (c) to protect the interests, rights, safety, or property of us, any member of us, or others; (d) to monitor compliance with and enforce any terms of service on this Site; (e) to provide our services and products (including in connection with the transfer of any assets or allowing a purchaser or successor of us or any member of us, any organization in Bloomberg Philanthropies, or this Site to continue to serve you), and to perform other activities related to such services and products; (f) to provide you with information about our products and services and those of third parties that may be of interest to you; or (g) to operate the systems that provide our services and products properly.
We are not responsible for the collection, use, and/or disclosure of your information by group companies and third parties. Such collection, use, and/or disclosure by group companies or third parties are governed by their privacy policies.
ACCURACY, SECURITY, AND RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
This section describes how we keep your personal information secure and provides details about how long we keep your personal information for and why.
We take commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information and any personal information you provide to us is kept on secure servers. We use security measures appropriate to the provision of the relevant Services, such as reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures (a) that are designed to safeguard personal information against loss, theft, unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification; and (b) to ensure the integrity of the personal information. To help us protect your privacy, you should maintain the secrecy of the logon ID and password you may have set up in connection with your participation in the Services. Personal information is retained for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) described in this Privacy Policy, or as may be permitted under applicable law. For example, personal information is retained if the information is reasonably necessary to manage your relationship with us or to provide our Services to you. To determine the appropriate retention period, we will generally consider the following criteria: the length of time needed to achieve the purpose your information was collected for; whether you ceased using our services or products; the existence of any relevant legal proceedings; or applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
This section explains in detail what you can require of us in relation to your personal information.
Depending on the jurisdiction, you may have the following rights with respect to your personal information:
To access and request certain information about the processing of your personal information
To obtain a portable copy of your personal information
To correct personal information
To delete personal information
To restrict processing of certain personal information
To object to the processing of personal information
To withdraw consent, where this was the lawful reason for processing
To lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority
Please bear in mind that if you make such a request this may affect our ability to provide our products and services.
To exercise a right related to your personal information, please contact us at
privacy@bloomberg.org
. Please include the following information in all requests: first name, last name, and e-mail address and “Privacy” in the Subject line. While we will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request, we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such requests, if allowed or required by applicable laws. Please note that it may take some time to process your request, consistent with applicable law.  In the event that we cannot take action with respect to a request relating to your personal information, in certain jurisdictions, you may have the right to appeal that decision by e-mailing us at
privacy@bloomberg.org
.
If you choose to exercise these rights, we may ask that you provide sufficient information, including the services you have used in the past, your state and country of residence, and contact information, in order for us to verify your identity and process your request. Depending on the types of requests, we may ask for additional information.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf related to your personal information. If you choose to use an authorized agent, you should supply your agent with written permission to act on your behalf in relation to your request, and your agent must provide us with proof of such authorization before we process your request.
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OTHER COUNTRIES
This section explains how and why we may transfer personal information abroad and safeguards that are in place in relation to such transfers.
Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer and processing of your personal information to and in various countries that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country. By using our Services, you acknowledge and agree to such transfers and processing, including to and in the United States. We implement appropriate safeguards to protect such personal information, which may include (without limitation) European Commission approved standard contractual clauses, to protect your personal information that is transferred.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES
This Services may contain links to third-party sites, including to social networking sites. Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such sites, we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those sites before providing any of your information on such sites.
CALIFORNIA
This section explains certain additional rights available to California residents.
If you are a California resident, the information below applies to you and supplements the information provided above.
Certain information collected for the Service, including your precise geolocation data when using certain features of the Service, may constitute “sensitive personal information” as that term is defined by the California privacy law. However, we only use such information to provide the Services and products or as otherwise permitted under California privacy law.
While we do not “sell” your personal information in exchange for money or “share” your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising or targeted advertising outside of the use of electronic technologies to provide relevant advertisements, you may adjust your preferences by using the designated tool within the relevant digital property.
If you choose to exercise the rights set out in this Privacy Policy, you also have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights.
QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If you have any other questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@bloomberg.org
. Alternatively, please include “Privacy” in the subject line of your inquiry. If you have complaints about Bloomberg’s processing of your personal information, you may have the right to contact the applicable supervisory authority.
MODIFICATIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The Bloomberg.org Group reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by indicating revisions through the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Privacy Policy. Such changes will be effective upon posting.