Introduction
Sugarcosmetics.com website ("Website") and SUGAR Cosmetics App (“Android or iOS Mobile Application”) are Internet based content and e-commerce portal headquartered at Vellvette Lifestyle Pvt. Ltd.
Use of the Website and/or App is offered to you conditioned on acceptance without modification of all the terms, conditions and notices contained in these Terms, as may be posted on the Website and/or App from time to time. SUGAR Cosmetics at its sole discretion reserves the right not to accept a User from registering on the Website and/or App without assigning any reason thereof.
Except where additional terms and conditions are provided which are product specific, these terms and conditions supersede all previous representations, understandings, or agreements and shall prevail notwithstanding any variance with any other terms of any order submitted. By using the services of SUGAR Cosmetics, you agree to be bound by the Terms & Conditions.
User Account, Password, and Security
Use of the Site and/or App is available only to persons who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. Persons who are "incompetent to contract" within the meaning of the Indian Contract Act, 1872 including un-discharged insolvents etc. are not eligible to use the Site. If you are a minor i.e. under the age of 18 years but at least 13 years of age you may use this Site and/or App only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Use. If your age is below that of 18 years your parents or legal guardians can transact on behalf of you if they are registered users. You are prohibited from purchasing any material which is for adult consumption the sale or purchase of which to/by minors are strictly prohibited.
You will receive a username and password for your account upon completing the Website's or App’s registration process, or alternatively you can choose to browse through an existing Gmail or Facebook account by providing necessary permissions. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify SUGAR Cosmetics of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. SUGAR Cosmetics cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above mentioned guidelines or maintain security of your account.
By using website and/or App, you agree not to host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information that:
i. belongs to another person;
ii. infringes upon another person’s copyright, trademark, patent or other propriety rights;
iii. is harmful to minors, harassing, blasphemous defamatory, obscene, invasive of another’s privacy; or
iv. impersonate another person.
By registering to our website or App, you agree to receive marketing and promotional communication from SUGAR Cosmetics via SMS,
WhatsApp,
email, and any other form of notification(s).
Limited instances where we may share your personal information include:
When we have your consent. This includes sharing information with Facebook when you’ve chosen to link it to your SUGAR cosmetics account or publish your activity on
SUGAR
cosmetics to your wall.
We may employ third party companies or individuals to process personal information on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy. In addition, some of the information we request may be collected by third party providers on our behalf.
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or SUGAR cosmetics; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
We may engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Policy.
We may also share aggregated or non-personally identifiable information with our partners or others. For example, we may tell a business using SUGAR cosmetics how many people viewed any product or category of products or even most popular sold brand from our website, most searched color etc.
Product use & services
The products and services available on the web and app Platform, and the samples, if any, that Platform may provide you, are for your personal and/or professional use only. The products or services, or samples thereof, which you may receive from us, shall not be sold or resold for any/commercial reasons.
It is advised that consumers with allergies should always read a product's ingredient statement before use
Pricing and offer information
SUGAR Cosmetics strives to provide accurate product and pricing information, however errors may occur.
Prices and availability of the products and services provided or offered on the site and/or app are subject to change without prior notice and at the sole discretion of company
Products offered as GWP (Gift with Purchase) are subjected to availability of exact variant
Usage Limit:
1. Each user is eligible to avail of the free gift offer only once per month during the promotional period.
2. Multiple orders by the same user or under the same account will not be eligible for additional Free Gift offer.
Fraudulent Activities:
1. Any fraudulent activities, including the use of multiple accounts by the same individual, will lead to disqualification from the offer.
Company reserves all rights to withdraw any ongoing offer and/or promotion without prior notice
Payments
Mode of payment - Payments for the products available on Site and app may be made in the following ways:
- UPI, Credit Cards, Debit Cards, Net Banking, Wallets, e-Gift cards, and reward points.
- Online payments are instant payment options and recommended to ensure faster processing of your order.
- Cash On Delivery option is available for limited areas only.
All online payments are handled by authorized Payment Gateways considering transaction security measures mandated by RBI and other regulatory authorities. SUGAR Cosmetics is not responsible for any breach of information, or inappropriate transactions.
Shipping/Delivery policy
Confirmed orders will be shipped within 2
4 to 48 working hours
. Once shipped, they'll be delivered to you within 2-5 working days. Estimated delivery time may change due to the customer’s geographical location, shipping destination, product availability and courier partner’s delivery time & location. A delivery fee of Rs. 99 is applicable on orders below Rs. 500
In case of one or more defective products in your order, please register a single complaint as the return/replacement will be arranged only once.
Customers are advised not to accept tampered or damaged shipments.
Cancellation of unusual orders
There may be certain orders that SUGAR cannot accept, and therefore, we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to cancel any order. Some reasons may include errors in pricing, certain issues identified by our fraud avoidance department or any order placed using a technological glitch/loophole
, etc.
We will notify you in case your order has been canceled fully or partially or if any additional information is required to
ship
your order.
Refunds for cancelation of unusual orders
Refunds are processed in a maximum of 3 to 5 working days from the date on which
sugarcosmetics.com
cancels the order. In case of prepaid orders through Credit Card, Debit Card or Net Banking, the amount will be transferred back to the account from which it was paid. In the case of Cash-on-Delivery order, a refund cheque will be deposited in your bank account in favor of the “Billing Name” used while placing the order or an NEFT transfer will be attempted. Please note that Cash-on-Delivery charges and Shipping Charges (if applicable) are not refundable.
Privacy Policy
The User hereby consents, expresses and agrees that he has read and fully understands the Privacy Policy of SUGAR Cosmetics’ Website and App. The user further consents that the terms and contents of such Privacy Policy are acceptable to him. The Privacy Policy details can be viewed at our Privacy Policy Document.
Grievance Officer
In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below:
Ms. Kiran Basreja
SUGAR Cosmetics
Customer Delight Team | Senior Manager
grievance.officer@sugarcosmetics.com
Address : B - 1004, Palatial Heights, Chandivali Farm Road, Andheri - East, Mumbai - 400072
Copyright and Intellectual Property
All information displayed, transmitted or carried on sugarcosmetics.com is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. This site and app is designed, updated and maintained independently by SUGAR Cosmetics. You should not modify, publish, transmit, transfer, sell, reproduce, create derivative work from, distribute, perform, display or in any way commercially exploit any of the content at sugarcosmetics.com.
If you have any questions regarding these Terms and Conditions, please email us at hello@sugarcosmetics.com
Terms and Conditions for FAQs-
- Offer valid on select products.
- Cannot be clubbed with another offer.
- Complimentary gifts (GWP) will not be applicable with this offer.
- Offer is applicable only on specific collection page.
- IMP: While products listed under our clearance section are perfectly safe for usage they maybe within 12 months of the expiry of the recommended shelf life. You are requested to factor in the same while planning your purchase. Thank you for shopping with us!