Not logged on
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Maintaining your privacy is really, really important to us. You entrust us with sensitive financial information, and we take that responsibility seriously.
Version 1.2:
This policy was last updated on 24th September 2021 in line with GDPR requirements. It may be updated in the future and we'll post the new version here on our website. We will never deviate from our overall philosophy of maintaining your privacy, though.
1. General Information
Club Manager Limited (
"we", "us", "our"
) take security and privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store and use personal data when you browse www.clubmanagercentral.com (the
"ClubManager website"
), use the ClubManager application (
"ClubManager"
) or otherwise provide your personal data to us. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will treat your personal data.
This Privacy Policy should be read together with our
Terms and Conditions
, which together apply to your use of the ClubManager website and ClubManager.
2. What information do we collect?
Your personal data
When we say your "personal data", we mean any information that identifies any person, that you provide to us during your trial period, after you subscribe, or that is contained in any other information that you provide to us (or that you authorise a third party to give to us on your behalf).
Your "personal data" may also be contained in information that we collect about you in connection with your use of the ClubManager website and/or ClubManager. The membership data that you enter into ClubManager, or that is provided to ClubManager from a third party, isn't part of the "personal data" discussed here, unless it identifies a person – for more information about your membership data, jump ahead to the next section. When it comes to your personal data, we comply with our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation and any other applicable data protection legislation from time to time.
Information you provide
– Your personal data includes the information you provide, or that you authorise someone else to provide, when you sign up for an account or sign up to receive our emails, or when you answer questionnaires, surveys, enter competitions or provide information in your account profile, on the ClubManager website, or during a support enquiry about you and/or your organisation. It also includes information you provide when you complete any forms which you submit to us (e.g. to authorise us to receive the transaction information from your a third party). It also includes information you upload to your ClubManager account.
Examples of this personal data include your name, your email address, contact and/or employee names; and any correspondence when you contact us.
We do not collect or process special categories of personal data, as defined under GDPR. Also, we do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal data from anyone under the age of sixteen or knowingly allow such persons to register for ClubManager. ClubManager is not directed at children under the age of sixteen. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under age sixteen without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
Information we collect
- We collect information about your website usage, to improve our service and to understand trends to enhance and customise content and advertisements. Some of this data may be "personal data", where it identifies a person. Here's the information that we collect and how we use it:
We monitor patterns of usage, such as login dates and volumes of data, so we can understand how people are using ClubManager to develop and improve our products.
We also monitor patterns of usage so that we can tailor any communications we may send you or advertising you may receive. For example, we may tailor your newsletter with information about product features that you haven't tried yet, instead of features that you use frequently.
For security reasons and to aid in monitoring patterns of usage, we log your IP address when you use the website. This is your computer's individual identification number that is assigned to your computer when connected to the Internet.
We monitor traffic information when you visit our site or read our emails, including things like page visits, email clicks, purchases, referring sites, and video viewings. We use this information to improve our website, advertising, promotions, and to understand customer purchasing behaviour. Please see
Section 11: Use of Cookies
below regarding Cookies.
Information Others Provide to Us
- We may receive information from others (e.g. your bank) that you have authorised that third party to provide to us. This could include the initial information to enable us to create your account (e.g. your full name, your email address and your business type) and also your bank transaction data.
Financial Data
In addition to your personal data, we will also hold financial data that you enter into ClubManager. Examples of your financial data include your members's membership payments and purchases.
3. What do we use your data for?
Providing ClubManager
- We use your personal data to enable us to register you and provide you with access to ClubManager and the ClubManager website. It will also enable us to contact you by email, fax, post, SMS, social media or telephone where necessary concerning ClubManager; to record your personal preferences; to personalise our services to you (such as by pre-populating fields to make it easier for you to provide information when you return to ClubManager or the ClubManager website). It will also enable us to produce reports you request as part of the services we provide, including regulatory reports and/or other reports. We may also validate your information (and, in some cases, match it against information that has been collected by a third party, for example Companies House) to check that the data we hold about our customers/users is accurate, consistent and current.
We may use third parties to assist us in providing ClubManager from time to time, and in those cases may pass on your personal and/or membership data to them. In such cases we will only share your data with third parties that we trust, and where there are assurances in place as to how they will protect the data.
Improving ClubManager
- We will also use and analyse your personal data and financial data so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business, customer service and the features of the ClubManager website and ClubManager generally.
Providing Insights
- We monitor anonymous, aggregated information about account and membership data so that we can produce insights about small businesses finance. For example, based on an anonymous, aggregate data analysis, we may produce a white paper that reports how clubs run manage membership renewals. We may share these insights with customers, on our blog or other promotional material, use them internally to improve our product and communications, or share with other interested third parties. Just to be clear - we will never identify you or your business in such communications or white papers and will never report data in such a way that your business could be identified.
Contacting you for Marketing Purposes
- We may use your personal data to contact you by email, fax, post, SMS, social media and/or telephone to let you know about our other ClubManager and/or third party services, content, offers or product ranges which may be of interest to you. We may also use your membership data to enable us to tailor these notifications (in order to make sure what we are sending you is relevant). We will only use your data in this way where you have provided consent, we have legitimate business reasons for doing so, or where we are otherwise entitled by law to do so. If you would like us to stop providing you with such notifications, just contact us using the details below. Please note, this may take up to one working day to take effect. To stop receiving emails from ClubManager itself (for example, a reminder that your subscription is expiring), you should cancel your ClubManager account.
We may contact you if the specific arrangement we have in place with a third party which impacts you is changing and / or coming to an end and to let you know what will take place next.
Cookies
- We may further use, or permit selected third parties to use, your personal data to enable us to track and analyse ClubManager website traffic and visitor trends, improve your browsing experience and to personalise and enhance the content and advertising we display. For further details, please see
Section 11: Use of Cookies
below.
Legal Requirements
– We may use your personal data to comply with any legal obligations to which we are subject.
We shall periodically check that the personal data we store for you is accurate. If you would like to update the personal data we hold about you, please login to your ClubManager account or contact us at
privacy@clubmanagercentral.com
with your request.
4. Why do we use your personal data?
We collect and use your personal data for a variety of reasons. We need some data to enter into and perform our contract with you and provide you with access to ClubManager – for example your contact details and other information requested during the ClubManager setup process. If you fail to provide such data we will be unable to provide our service to you.
Other information we collect because we have legitimate business interests, for example, in:
Ensuring that we can onboard you as a customer and manage your account;
Understanding how our customers use our products, services and websites;
Understanding and responding to customer feedback;
Researching and analysing the services our customers want;
Improving our product and better understanding how our customers use it.
In some circumstances we may process your personal data because it is required for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation.
5. Who do we share your information with?
We will not share your membership data with a third party unless you authorise it (by choosing to do so within ClubManager, or as detailed in this policy).
We will share your personal and financial data with third parties in certain circumstances:
We may disclose your data to any member of our group (which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries) and other companies which may be added to our group from time to time;
We may pass aggregate information on the usage of the ClubManager website and ClubManager, where relevant, to maintain, improve and manage the ClubManager website and ClubManager, but this will not include your personal data.
We may also share your personal and membership data with third parties:
in the event that we, our business, or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party (in which case personal information about customers will be one of the transferred assets);
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal or membership data in order to comply with any legal obligation; to cooperate with law enforcement officials in the investigation of unlawful activities of ClubManager website users or relating to ClubManager users; or in order to enforce or apply any contract with you; or to protect our rights, property, or safety of our employees, customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We also utilise a number of carefully selected third parties to help provide our services to you. Examples of these functions include email, providing marketing assistance and data analysis,
    data management, handling credit card transactions and providing customer service. In choosing to work with any such third parties, we will always ensure that the security policies and confidentiality
    arrangements of those third parties adhere to the same requirements we ourselves impose and expect, as a minimum. No ownership rights to the data will be transferred to any third party.
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us,
    one of our group companies or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
For a full list of subprocessors and details of the adequate safeguards in place in respect of data transfers outside the EEA, please see
here
.
Additionally, you may grant third party access to your personal or membership data by enabling the ClubManager API for that third party. At all times, this access is controlled by you. ClubManager is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party given access by you to your personal or membership data by the ClubManager API.
6. How long do we store your data for?
We only store your data for as long as necessary for the purposes of processing set out in this policy. When you cancel your account with ClubManager, you can either delete your data immediately, or we will automatically delete your data within 180 days.
If you are signed up to marketing communications, cancelling your ClubManager account will not cancel your marketing preference. If you would like to unsubscribe, please email
privacy@clubmanagercentral.com
.
To ensure the integrity of our systems and your data, we utilise various technologies to continually take secure, encrypted backups. Data remains archived within these backups and these are maintained according to our defined two-year data retention policy, after which they are removed.
7. You can export your data at any time
You can export a copy of your data whenever you like - this will include your personal data and that of your members, your financial transactions, purchases, and expenses. Please contact
support@clubmanagercentral.com
to request this.
You can also ask us for a copy of your personal data that we hold (see
Section 8: What are your rights?
below).
If your free trial expires, your account is not automatically cancelled within our system. We will retain historical details about your payments to
    ClubManager for accounting purposes because we need to do so by law.
8. What are your rights?
Access to your personal data:
You can ask us to confirm if we are processing your personal data and you may request a copy of your personal data by
        contacting our support team at
privacy@clubmanagercentral.com
.
Right to change or withdraw your consent:
Where you have given us consent to make use of your personal data for any of the purposes outlined in this
        policy, you may withdraw that consent by contacting us using the details located at section 12 of this policy. If you wish to change your contact preferences or no longer
        wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, visit our Preference Centre or
get in touch
.
Right to Rectification:
You may ask us to update out of date or inaccurate information we hold about you. To do so, please log on to your ClubManager
        account and update your information or
get in touch
.
Right to Erasure:
In certain circumstances you may ask us to erase your Personal Data. If you would like us to erase the personal data we hold about you,
        please
get in touch
, specifying why you would like us to do so.
Right to Data Portability:
In certain circumstances you may ask us to provide you with the personal data that we hold about you in a structured, commonly used,
        machine readable form, or ask for us to send such personal data to another data controller. You can use the Export All Data functionality at any time to export your data.
Right to object:
In certain circumstances you may object to our processing of your personal data. Please
get in touch
.
Right to restrict processing:
You can ask us to restrict the processing of personal data we hold about you in certain circumstances. Please
get in touch
.
Make a complaint:
You may make a complaint about our data processing activities to a supervisory authority. In the UK this is the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO).
        Further details can be found on their website at
https://ico.org.uk
.
Getting in touch:
To make enquiries and/or to exercise any of your rights in this privacy policy please contact our support team at
privacy@clubmanagercentral.com
.
9. Use of cookies
Cookies are small files saved to your device that track, save and store information as well as your interactions and usage of our services. The primary purpose for our use of cookies is to allow us to provide a smooth, efficient and personalised experience for our users both on and off our website through remembering your preferences, storing passwords if you request it and serving you more relevant advertising.
If you want to manage or disable cookies for the ClubManager website or any other site, you can do it by changing your browser settings. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the
About Cookies
website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
10. Security and data storage
We take security and privacy seriously. We will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep your personal and membership data secure once it has been transferred to our systems.
    We adopt appropriate, industry standard data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction.
    For further details of the some of the security measures we have implemented, please see
here
.
Where we utilise third parties to help provide our services, we will always ensure that the security policies and confidentiality arrangements of those third parties adhere to the same requirements we ourselves impose and expect, as a minimum.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the ClubManager website or ClubManager itself,
    you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Please note that the internet is not a secure medium and although we will do our best to protect your data, we cannot guarantee the security of any data transmitted to the ClubManager
    website or through ClubManager itself. Any transmission is at your own risk.
11. Changes to this privacy policy
We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices, and so you should review this page periodically.
    When we change the policy in a material manner we will let you know and update the ‘last updated' header at the top of this page.
This Privacy Policy was last amended on 9th May 2018.
12. Getting in touch
If you have any queries relating to this Privacy Policy or ClubManager's use of your personal or financial data, please contact our
    Head of Information Security via email through
privacy@clubmanagercentral.com
,
    or our Support Team at
support@clubmanagercentral.com
or by writing to us at
    Club Manager Limited, 195 St. Marys Lane, Upminster, England, RM14 3BU
Your session will expire in:
Click "Continue" to keep working, or "Log Out" if you are finished.