Home
/
Privacy Policy
About Us
Delivery Information
Returns Policy
Size Guide
FAQs
Contact Us
Student Discount
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Looking after your personal data is a big deal and we are dedicated to protecting your details and respecting your privacy. The following policy (together with our terms and conditions) set outs how we monitor and use your personal details. You can request to see what details we hold at any time by contacting
customerservices@rebelliousfashion.co.uk
Information that we collect from you
We may collect the following information:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website www.rebelliousfashion.co.uk. This includes personal details such as your name, email address, telephone number, shipping address(es) and billing address
Your transactions
Technical information such as your IP address, dates and times of login, location and browser usage
Marketing preferences
Correspondence which includes any communication to our customer service team
Use of your information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To complete and fulfil any transactions
To improve the use of our website
For legitimate interests such as on-site
personalization
To notify you of changes to our services
To provide you with information regarding promotions, products and services via our selected third-party marketing providers if you have chosen to opt in to such services
We may share information with companies who help us to tailor your shopping experience. These may include social media platforms, marketing and advertising services and loyalty schemes. We do not share your personal details with these organizations but we share your product viewing and purchase history to help us make better recommendations both on our website and on other marketing channels.
If at any point you wish to unsubscribe from our marketing communications, you can do so by clicking the unsubscribe link which is sent on every email/sms campaign or by updating your preferences in your account.
We will only keep your data for as long as is necessary to operate our business.
Google will use your personal data when you give consent on our site. Please click on the following link to view
Google’s Privacy & Terms site
.
Disclosure of your information
Our chosen third-party providers will only collect, use and disclose the information provided to
the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
For example, we may share your data with our logistics partners, payment providers, e-commerce platforms, returns services, personalization partners and courier companies.
We will NEVER give content for our third-party providers to use your information for their marketing purposes
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small files which are stored on a user’s computer. They are designed to hold a small amount of data specific to a particular client and website and can be accessed either by the web server or the client computer. You can change the settings on your browser to prevent cookies being stored on your computer without your explicit consent.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to capture data on your use of the website and to enable you to make purchases. We also use tracking code which enables marketing and advertising campaigns across the internet.
To make full use of the online shopping experience at rebelliousfashion.co.uk on your computer, tablet or mobile phone will need to accept cookies, as we can only provide you with certain personalized features of this website by using them.
Our cookies don’t store personal information such as your name, address or payment details: they simply hold the ‘key’ that, once you’re signed in, is associated with this information. If you’d prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from rebelliousfashion.co.uk or any other website, you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different, so check the ‘Help’ menu of your particular browser (or your mobile phone’s handset manual) to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Security and data retention
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the website and, where appropriate, through e-mail notification.
Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
Klarna privacy
notice text (all markets except Switzerland)
“In order to offer you Klarna’s payment methods, we might in the checkout pass your personal data in the form of contact and order details to Klarna, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment methods and to tailor those payment methods for you. Your personal data transferred is processed in line with
Klarna’s own
privacy
notice
.”
Klarna privacy
notice text (Switzerland only)
In Switzerland, Klarna offers its services together with its subsidiary Billpay. If you share personal data with Klarna and Billpay you need to explain this in your
privacy
notice and link to Klarna’s and Billpay’s local
privacy
notices there. Below is an example of what that could look like in your existing
privacy
notice (the specific data categories transferred to be added, and text to be translated into your local language):
Billpay’s/Klarna’s payment options: In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options and to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you, we might in the checkout pass your personal data in the form of contact and order details to Klarna and Billpay. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s (
de
,
fr
,
it
or
en
versions) and Billpay’s (
de
,
fr
,
it
or
en
versions)
privacy
notices.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.klarna.com/international/privacy-policy/:
Discover Klarna
For Business
Privacy policy
Select your country of residence from the list below to read the appropriate policy.
Klarna
Australia
Austria
Belgium (
fr
/
nl
)
Canada (
en
/
fr
)
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland (
fi
/
se
)
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland (
de
/
fr
/
it
/
en
)
United Kingdom
United States (
en
/
es
)
Luxembourg
Bulgaria
Slovenia
PriceRunner
Denmark
Sweden
United Kingdom