1000 COOKBOOKS LIMITED
PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
1000 Cookbooks
Limited (trading as ‘ckbk’ at
www.ckbk.com
) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data.
At 1000 Cookbooks, we want to give you the best possible experience to ensure that you enjoy our service. To do this we need to understand your browsing habits so we can deliver a personalised service specifically for you whilst never compromising on your right to your privacy or the security of your personal data.
Purpose of this Privacy Policy
We want to transparently explain how and why we collect, use and store your personal data, as well as outline the controls and choices you have around when and how you choose to share your personal data. This Privacy Policy aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website (regardless of where you visit it from), including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our mailing list, purchase a service or otherwise contact us. This privacy policy also applies to  use of the ckbk service via a native mobile app or through a voice-based platform such as Amazon Alexa ‘Skills’ or Google Home ‘Actions’.
The aim of this Privacy Policy is to:
ensure that you understand what personal data we collect about you, the reasons why we collect and use it and who we share it with;
explain the way we use the personal data that you share with us in order to give you a great experience when you are using our services; and
explain your rights and choices in relation to the personal data we collect and process about you and how we will protect your privacy.
Our services and website are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Controller
1000 Cookbooks
Limited is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as ‘Company’, ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ in this Privacy Policy). The Company has its registered office at 10 Wolseley Road, Hornsey, London N8 8RP.
Contact Details
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us by email at
hello@ckbk.com
or by post at the customer service address above.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (
ICO
), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
The data we collect about you
Personal data (also referred to as personal information) means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, title, and gender.
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests and feedback.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with services). In this case, we may have to cancel a service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
sign up to our mailing list;
subscribe to any of our services;
set up an account with us to become a member;
generate your own set of personal recommendations; or
give us feedback or contact us for any reason.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies.
From third parties
. We may receive personal data about you and your activity from third parties, including advertisers and partners we work with in order to provide you with our services. We will use this personal data either where you have provided your consent to the third party or to us to that data sharing taking place or where we have a legitimate interest to use the personal data in order to provide you with our services.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you or the organisation for which you work.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate business interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the following structure.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
Manage payments, fees and charges
Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
Notifying you about changes to our terms or Privacy Policy
Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c)Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Marketing
If you are an existing or recent customer, your personal data may be used in our legitimate interests to send you details of similar products that we offer which we have identified as being of potential interest to you.  This will be in line with the marketing preferences that you indicated when you provided your personal data to us and/or in line with the provisions on consent in the current e-privacy rules.  We will also send you marketing communications where, for example, you have signed up to our mailing list via the website or requested marketing communications from us in another way.
Third party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You may, at any time, opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us - please use the unsubscribe function which is available on all electronic communications from us.  Alternatively, please contact us at hello@ckbk.com or the customer service address above. If you would like to change the channels via which we communicate with you (such as email or post) please contact us at
hello@ckbk.com
or the customer service address above.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
Some cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
We also use "analytical" cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies.
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies.
These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us at
hello@ckbk.com or the customer service address above.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with third parties for the purpose of completing any contract we have with you or your organisation, for example, logistics or IT service providers.
We require all third parties with whom we share your personal data to respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International data transfers
We provide a global service and sharing data cross-border is essential to the services we provide to our customers. We transfer personal data in connection with the provisions of our services to entities within the European Economic Area (
EEA
, being the European Union plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway) and the United States of America (
USA
).
The European Commission has recognised EEA countries and USA as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for up to six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
Your legal rights
You have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. As available and except as limited under applicable law, the rights afforded to you are:
Right of Access - the right to be informed of and request access to the personal data we process about you
Right to Rectification - the right to request that we amend or update your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete
Right to Erasure - the right to request that we delete your personal data
Right to Restrict - the right to request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data
Right to Object - the right, at any time, to object to us processing your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation and the right to object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes
Right to Data Portability - the right to request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service
Right not to be subject to Automated Decision-making - the right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making, including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at
hello@ckbk.com or the customer service address above. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Changes to the Privacy Policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and we may occasionally make changes to it. This version was last updated in November 2018.
When we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g., by displaying a prominent notice within your account or by sending you an email or mailing list communication. Please make sure you read any such notice carefully.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.