Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to the visually impaired who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Accessibility
Popup heading
Press enter for Accessibility for blind people
who use screen readers
Press enter for Keyboard Navigation
Press enter for Accessibility menu
Streamlabs Privacy Policy
Last updated February 3, 2025
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
INFORMATION FROM THE USE OF OUR SERVICES
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
COOKIES
SHARING AND DISCLOSING INFORMATION
CHILDREN
DATA SECURITY
HOW WE STORE AND PROCESS INFORMATION
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Right of access
Right to rectification
Right to deletion
Right to object
Right to restriction of processing
Right to portability
Right to complain to the supervisory authority
How to invoke your rights and choices
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
SPECIAL INFORMATION FOR EEA/UK/CH USERS
LEGAL BASES FOR PROCESSING
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
Streamlabs Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Streamlabs, so we have created this policy to explain how we process your personal information.
This Statement of Privacy and Security outlines what types of data we collect, how we use it, and how we protect personal information collected by our website, services, apps and other software. Streamlabs is part of the Logitech group of companies working under their parent company; Logitech International S.A. The Logitech company that controls your personal data will vary depending on your relationship with us (whether it be as a customer, partner, contractor or any other relevant relationship).
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
SHARING AND DISCLOSING INFORMATION
COOKIES
CHILDREN
DATA SECURITY
HOW WE STORE AND PROCESS INFORMATION
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
SPECIAL INFORMATION FOR EU/CH USERS
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
This includes information you provide when you register for our services, download software, post to online platforms, respond to a survey, enter a contest or otherwise communicate with us.
INFORMATION FROM THE USE OF OUR SERVICES
When you use products and services, data may be sent to us such as your activities and interactions and how you use our website, platform or apps. For example, data is collected when you use our streaming apps or you participate in a stream. We also collect data when you customize your experience and want to save your work. Other times, subject to applicable law and your consent where it’s required, we may collect data based on your activities including your settings and configurations, usage data, and crash or error data.
Read more
The data we received depends on the services and features you use, events in which you may participate, and other interactions you may have with us. This data can include the following:
Name and contact data
data like your name, email address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials
passwords, hints, and information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data
country, and preferred language.
Payment data
data needed to process your order if you make purchases through our website, service ordered, and contact information. We do not collect payment information (i.e., credit or payment card number). Purchase transactions are done through secure affiliates.
Usage data
We use this information to enhance and personalize your user experience, to recognize and contact you, and to monitor and improve our websites and service. In some instances, we may combine this usage information with personal information. We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, file information, and similar technology. Make sure you read our cookie policy here which explains this in greater detail.
Content
Information about the content of your files and communications are collected when necessary to provide you with the products you use. This can include the filenames, file types, photos, image, audio, videos, screen recordings, in-app messages, chat, speech-to-text transcripts or other functionality. We also may collect the content of messages you send to us, like feedback and product reviews you write, or questions and information you provide for customer support.
To share photos and video, we will access your device camera roll and camera with your permission. If you need to update your permissions, you can do so in the “Settings” app of your device. When you contact us, phone conversations or chat sessions with representatives may be monitored and recorded subject to applicable law and your consent where it’s required.
Device data
Information about your device and its software, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, and a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device, or your account (including, for example, a persistent device identifier or an Ad ID), and other such information. We may also work with third-party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices.
Error reports and performance data
The type or severity of the problem, details of the software or hardware related to an error, the contents of files you were using when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device
Support data
Information about you and your hardware, software, and details about the incident, authentication data, your communications with us, data about the machine and the application you were using, and system, registry, and configuration data.
Location information
Information about your location, including IP address and GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device, or we may be able to approximate or infer a device’s location by analyzing other information, like an IP address.
Contacts
We collect information about your contacts if you choose to share this with us.
INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD-PARTY SITES YOU CONNECT TO OUR SERVICE
.
We may receive personal information about you from third parties and combine that with the information we collect through our service. In many cases we offer a social login option. This way you can use your Twitch, Youtube, Facebook or other third party account to access our services. When you choose this option we receive information about you through the third party API of the third party you chose to use. These third party services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, which could include your name, email address, address book and contacts, or other information.
Read More
When you interact with us through a social media site or third-party service, such as when you like, follow, or share Streamlabs content on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, or other sites, we may receive information from the social network, including your profile information, picture, user ID associated with your social media account, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties.
The data we receive from these third-party sites is dependent upon that third party’s policies and your privacy settings on that third-party site. You should always review and, if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our website or service.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We use the data we collect:
(1) to operate our business and provide, improve, and personalize our products and services, and (2) to send communications, including promotions, account information, security updates, and service information.
We may analyze this data, including your personal information, to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience. We will always do so subject to applicable law and your consent where it’s required.
Show Less
PROVIDING AND IMPROVING OUR SERVICES
We use data to provide and improve our products and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features, and provide customer support. Example uses include:
Providing basic services
We use data to provide you with our basic services. For example, we use your information to complete your requests and transactions on our services and to respond to your customer service requests or feedback.
Providing optional services
We use data to provide you with any optional service you select. Our services may have personalized features and recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment, and tailor your experiences based on your activities, interests, and location. These optional services may include automated processing. For example, when you upload your video, if you select the generate highlight clips option, we will engage with a vendor to highlight the most valuable quotes. We will then create a shorter video only with the highlighted quotes. You may also decide to select to remove unnecessary pauses to improve the flow of your speech in your video.
Customer Support
We use data to diagnose product problems, repair customers’ devices, and provide other customer care and support services.
Marketing communications
If you have opted in or we have a legitimate interest under applicable law, we may send you information about our products and services by email or telephone, including information about new features, releases, promotions, and announcements. You can opt out at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in marketing emails you receive from us. Subject to applicable law and your consent where it’s required, we may also use cookies or tracking technology to determine the effectiveness of our communications – for example, to determine, in the aggregate, how many people open our emails.
Service Improvement
We use data to improve our service, add new features or capabilities, report errors, improve security, determine what new features to prioritize, and improve efficiency.
Security, Safety and Dispute Resolution
We use data to protect the security and safety of our products and our users, to detect and prevent fraud, and to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. For example, we may use data to determine which services require security enhancement and analyze patterns in data that allow us to develop new security features.
Business Operations
We may use pseudonymous and aggregated data to create statistics and analysis. For example, financial and product reports are created to analyze performance in a given sector or region.
COOKIES
Streamlabs uses cookies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices. Click here to learn more about cookies.
SHARING AND DISCLOSING INFORMATION
We do not sell your personal data.
We may share your personal data with your consent or to complete a transaction or provide a product or service you requested or authorized. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so, like when you share your activities on the service with your friends through email, or on various social media sites, or when you select an optional service where we engage with a vendor to provide it. Please be aware that any personal information that you voluntarily choose to display in any public location through the use of our Service on a third party service, such as YouTube or Twitch, becomes publicly available and may be collected and used by others. We also share personal data among our controlled affiliates and subsidiaries for the purposes described in this policy and when required by law.
Show Less
We may share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions.
We require these companies to abide by our data protection and security requirements, and they are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data to another company if we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business. This may include any organization involved in a merger, transfer, or sale of our assets or business.
If you post information in public areas on our services including public groups, it will be available to the public and we may reuse and republish it at our discretion and in line with our Terms of Use. Please do not provide personal information you would not want to be public. You may be able to control the visibility of some of your information and actions in your Settings (see “Controlling and accessing your information” below);
Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:
comply with law or respond to a legal process, like law enforcement or other government agencies;
protect our customers – for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users, or to help prevent loss of life or serious injury;
maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or networks;
protect your or our legal rights or as required by law or orders from a court or government agency.
CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect or maintain information about persons under 13 years of age. If we learn that information about persons under 13 years of age has been collected on or through the Sites, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 years of age who has registered for an account or service on our Sites, please contact us using the contact information below to have that child’s account or service terminated and personal information deleted.
DATA SECURITY
We are committed to the protection of your personal data. We use TLS certificates, encryption, data access limitations, anti-virus software, and firewalls to reduce the risk of unauthorized access to personal data. No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network is entirely secure. Be mindful of security risks when you transmit personal data to us and when you post information in our public forums.
If you would like to:
Report a security issue in any of our products, please fill out the form, include the required attachments and send it to
Logitech Security
Report a website security issue or phishing mail, please contact us via the Logitech Response Center at
support.logitech.com/response-center
HOW WE STORE AND PROCESS INFORMATION
We will retain your personal data for as long as you use our products or services (if you are connected through Facebook, we maintain your information up to 90 days)
your account is active
needed to provide you services
we are legally required to.
to resolve disputes, and
to enforce our agreements.
Personal data that is no longer required to be retained will be deleted at regular intervals.
Personal information collected by us may be stored and processed in the United States or in any other country we or our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities.
We take steps to ensure that the data we collect is processed as described in this statement and according to the law wherever the data is located.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
You may have the rights described below:
Right of access
You can ask for an explanation of what data we have about you and how we use the data.
You can ask for a copy of the data we have about you.
Right to rectification
If you think information we have about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can ask us to correct it.
Right to deletion
You can ask us to permanently delete your data. There may be data that we are required to keep to comply with applicable law.
Right to object
You can object to our use of your data on the basis of legitimate interest or for direct marketing. You can also ask us not to make decisions about you based solely on automated processing. Except for direct marketing, we may continue to process your data if it’s allowed under applicable law.
Right to restriction of processing
You can ask us not to process your personal data if you believe the data is inaccurate, the processing is unlawful or if you need your data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Right to portability
You can ask us to port the data you have actively or passively provided to us, where we have that data based on your consent or a contract with you and our processing of the data is automated.
Right to complain to the supervisory authority
You can file a complaint about our processing of personal data with the Data Protection Commission of the Irish Supervisory Authority. Its contact information is:
Data Protection Commission
21 Fitzwilliam Square
Dublin 2
D02 RD28
Ireland
Phone: +1800 437 437, +353 (01)765 01 00
Your use of our products and services is voluntary, so where our processing is based on consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time by using the various contact information methods listed above.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), Logitech commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. EU and UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Logitech.
How to invoke your rights and choices
To invoke any of these rights and resolve enquiries or complaints, please contact us through the following methods:
For access and deletion requests, please go to the
Logitech Privacy Portal
.
For opting out of receiving marketing emails, you can do so at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email; by visiting our Preference Center; or by logging into your Logitech account and navigating to Email Preferences.
For general enquiries, please email privacy@logitech.com
For phone, please call: + 1-646-454-3200 or toll free +1 866-632-5644
For postal mail, please send it to:
C/O Logitech Privacy Team
Logitech Ireland Services Limited
City Gate Plaza Two,
Mahon, Cork
Ireland
T12 A6RW
To contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO), please email
dpo@logitech.com
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Logitech commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. For additional information, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We and our affiliates and service providers process and store your personal data on servers in the United States. We have entered into agreements with provisions addressing data processing and transfer that have been approved by the European Commission. These agreements are available upon request to privacy@logitech.com.
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, California residents have specific rights around Logitech’s collection, use, and sharing of their personal information. We do not sell your personal information, and we will not do so in the future without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of that sale.
Logitech collects and uses various types of personal information when you use its products and services, which are described within the Logitech Privacy Policy.
Logitech shares personal data with third parties for business purposes. Specifically, here are the seven categories of activities for which we share data for business purposes:
Auditing
Security
Debugging and Technical Troubleshooting
Short term, transient use (no personal information disclosed to third party and is not used to build profiles)
Performing services
Internal Research
Testing or Product/Service Improvement
If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request to know what personal information has been collected about you, and to access that information. You also have the right to request that we delete your personal information, though exceptions under the CCPA may allow us to retain and use certain personal information.
You can learn more about how to submit a data rights request through contact details located within this policy. An agent may submit a request on your behalf, but you must provide proof that the agent is authorized to do so by providing the agent with a signed letter giving permission to submit a request on your behalf and you must confirm that authorization directly with us by sending an email to privacy@logitech.com.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, or provide a different service level for exercising your privacy rights. However, we may offer certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, discounts or quality levels. Any incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and will only be collected or processed with your consent.
CALIFORNIA’S SHINE THE LIGHT LAW
We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the purpose of directly marketing their goods or services to you unless you request it.
SPECIAL INFORMATION FOR EEA/UK/CH USERS
This section provides information for users in the European Economic Area and Swiss users whose personal data is processed by Logitech in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland. For these users Logitech Ireland Services Ltd is the EU representative.
The information you provide may be transferred or accessed by Logitech entities around the world as described in this policy.
LEGAL BASES FOR PROCESSING
To provide you with products or services you request
We need to activate and register products, ensure products and services you use are working as they should, maintain products, answer questions and requests from you, and provide customer support under warranty or service contract.
For Logitech’s legitimate interests
We need to detect and prevent fraud and protect and defend the rights or property of other customers or third parties, or our own rights and interests. We consider your data protection interests when we do so and redact personal information as much as practicable.
To meet Logitech’s legal obligations
We may need to comply with EU and EU Member State laws, regulatory requirements, and respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal processes.
With consent
Logitech uses some personal data based on consent. For example, we process usage data to conceive new products and services, and improve functionality, security and safety. We also use data with your consent for our direct marketing communications.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
We will occasionally update this Statement. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how we will use your personal information, we will notify you either via email or through our site when this happens.
We will not make any changes that are less protective of your personal information collected in the past without your consent.
We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
Thank you for your interest in Streamlabs.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
View our Cookie Policy
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Analytics Cookies
Functional Cookies
Marketing Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
View our Cookie Policy
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://logitech-privacy.relyance.ai/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;