Privacy and Policy
Responsible SARBJIT SINGH
Purpose Handling requests related to the provision of services and compliance with contractual and pre-contractual obligations.
Legitimation Consent of the interested party
Recipients Other Spanish companies affiliated with the network of Collaborating Entities of SARBJIT SINGH
Administrations and public bodies for SARBJIT SINGH
Rights to Access, Rectify and Delete Data, as well as other rights, as explained in the Additional Information
Additional information Consult Additional and detailed Information on Data Protection.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
SARBJIT SINGH, in its commitment to the Protection of the Personal Data of its clients, and as the maximum guarantor of their privacy, has carried out a review of all its business processes and especially those that involve the processing of personal data, adapting them to the new requirements of the community regulations, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), implemented the appropriate security measures based on the results obtained from the risk analysis carried out and has updated its privacy policies and consequently this Legal Notice.
The User and/or Client guarantees that the data provided is true, accurate, complete and updated, and is responsible for any damage or loss, direct or indirect, that may be caused as a result of failure to comply with such obligation. In the event that the data provided belongs to a third party, the User and/or Client guarantees that they have informed said third party of the aspects contained in this document and obtained their authorization to provide their data to SARBJIT SINGH for the stated purposes.
The Portal may host blogs, forums, and other social networking applications or services with the purpose of facilitating the exchange of knowledge and content. Any personal information provided by the user may be shared with other users of that service, over whom SARBJIT SINGH has no control.
For the purposes of technical security and system diagnosis, in an anonymized or pseudonymized manner, SARBJIT SINGH may record the IP address (identification number for the device's Internet access, which allows devices, systems and servers to recognize and communicate with each other). This information may also be used for web performance analytical purposes.
In accordance with the provisions of the applicable personal data protection regulations, the User and/or Client of SARBJIT SINGH is informed of the following:
RESPONSIBLE FOR TREATMENT
The following are Entities belonging to SARBJIT SINGH and therefore Responsible for the Processing of the data provided voluntarily by the user:
SARBJIT SINGH
NIE: X6955502A
PURPOSES OF THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
The personal data provided voluntarily by the user, either through the completion of paper or electronic forms, or through e-mail communications, or telephone contact, will be incorporated into treatment records owned by SARBJIT. SINGH or the Companies that make up the SARBJIT SINGH Group for the following purposes:
The processing and management of the request for information and/or advice, pre-contract or contract made by the User and/or Client through this site, telephone, email.
The management and control of the services offered through the website, telephone or email, related to advice and the provision of services that may require referral to professionals in the field of legal, healthcare and health care. insurance.
Sending information about services and products of SARBJIT SINGH and the Group of subsidiaries, the contracting of which may be of interest to the user.
Provide legal support to disadvantaged groups, through carrying out activities related to training, awareness, awareness and development of specific entrepreneurship programs and projects.
Manage the Users of the Website and, where appropriate, the activation and administration of registration as a User in the reserved area of the Website.
Provide the services included in the Website and/or provide the requested information, whether via the web, by email or by telephone. Telephone calls may be recorded in order to guarantee the quality of the service. Emails may report a confirmation of their receipt and reading.
Manage the contractual or commercial relationship established between SARBJIT SINGH and the Users and/or Clients.
Manage compliance with contractual or non-contractual obligations assumed by SARBJIT SINGH
Manage and maintain a single registry of Clients of the SARBJIT SINGH Group companies, in the SARBJIT SINGH promotional system
Offer the User products and services or personalized content by obtaining profiles and segmentation or CRM tasks, expanding and improving those that the Client currently has.
In those cases in which the User expressly consents, send advertising communications and commercial information, by different means (emails, SMS, purchase receipt...), about SARBJIT SINGH, entities of the SARBJIT SINGH Group or third parties ( always through SARBJIT SINGH itself, as a consequence of its collaboration agreements with them), about its activities, products, services, offers, contests, special promotions, as well as documentation of various nature that may be of interest or useful to the User and/or Client, related to the sectors of transportation, leisure, travel, culture, cards and payment methods, automotive, insurance, financing, gifts, or technology.
Likewise, in each process where the user provides their personal data, they will be informed of the mandatory or optional nature of their completion, and of the consequences of not providing them.
INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROCESSING OF DATA FOR SENDING COMMUNICATIONS
The data used, or provided, in informative and/or promotional communications are processed by SARBJIT SINGH for purposes consisting of sending electronic communications of an informative nature about services, activities, publications, celebrations, congratulations and social and professional events of SARBJIT SINGH. or third parties from the SARBJIT SINGH network of firms in the sector, advice and insurance that may be of interest to the User and/or Client; the monitoring and optimization of marketing campaigns carried out using technologies for this purpose.
Consent to send said communications may be revoked at any time in each of the communications received through the mechanism enabled for this purpose.
The criterion for data conservation will be based on the declaration against the processing on your part. In any case, the rights of access, rectification or deletion, limitation of processing, opposition and portability may be exercised by email to info@delhidarbar.es attaching a photocopy of the DNI or equivalent document.
PERSONAL DATA OF THIRD PARTIES
In the event that the personal data provided by a person other than the user or owner of the data who acts as their representative, said representative guarantees that he or she has informed the owner of the data he or she provides of this Privacy Policy and has obtained its authorization to provide your data to SARBJIT SINGH. with the stated purposes. It also guarantees that the data provided is accurate and up-to-date, and is responsible for any damage or loss, direct or indirect, that may be caused as a result of failure to comply with such obligation.
PERIOD OF CONSERVATION OF PERSONAL DATA
The personal data provided will be kept as long as the contractual relationship is maintained, its deletion is not requested by the interested party and they should not be deleted because they are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, for the formulation, exercise and defense of claims, or when requires its conservation to enable the application of any benefit, discount or promotional advantage for the client.
In the event that the user consents to the processing of their data or exercises their rights of cancellation or deletion, their personal data will be kept blocked at the disposal of the Administration of Justice during the legally established periods to address possible responsibilities arising from the processing. thereof.
LEGITIMATION FOR THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
SARBJIT SINGH is entitled to process personal data on the basis that:
The User and/or Client has given their explicit consent for the purposes described in section 2 of this Policy that require the processing of data of the User and/or Client that reveal ethnic or racial origin, political opinions, religious convictions. or philosophical, union membership, genetic data, biometric data aimed at uniquely identifying a natural person, data relating to health, criminal offenses or data relating to life or sexual orientation.
The User and/or Client has provided their personal data within the framework of a contractual or pre-contractual relationship to respond to their request for information and/or advice in the field of legal, health and insurance assistance.
The User and/or Client has given their informed consent for the sending of commercial communications related to SARBJIT SINGH products and/or services that may be of interest to the User and/or Client, for the installation of tracking systems that report on habits. navigation according to the Cookies Policy, or for sending required information through contact forms.
There are legal obligations that require the processing of personal data, in accordance with the services provided. The legal basis for the processing of personal data of Users and/or Clients by BOMBAY BABU INTERNATIONAL.SL resides in letters a), b) and c) of number 1 of article 6 of Regulation (EU) 2016/ 679, April 27.
CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS
The personal data of Users and/or Clients of SARBJIT SINGH may be communicated to the following categories of interested parties:
Agencies with which the SARBJIT SINGH Group Companies have collaboration agreements to enable the execution and correct fulfillment of the contract.
Insurance Entities with which the SARBJIT SINGH Group Companies have collaboration agreements to enable the execution and correct compliance of the insurance contract.
SARBJIT SINGH Group Companies.
Providers of computing services, including “cloud computing” services.
Administrations and Public Bodies, for the fulfillment of obligations directly payable to SARBJIT SINGH and/or when the corresponding legal authorization exists.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
SARBJIT SINGH does not currently carry out international data transfers
RIGHTS OF INTERESTED PARTIES
The User and/or Client may exercise before BOMBAY BABU INTERNATIONAL.SL the rights of access, rectification or deletion, limitation of processing, opposition, portability, and to oppose automated individual decisions. Likewise, they may revoke their consent if they have granted it for a specific purpose, and may modify their preferences at any time.
The User and/or Client may exercise any of the rights reported in the previous paragraph, by sending an email indicating the right being exercised addressed to SARBJIT SINGH address
info@delhidarbar.es
, or by sending a letter signed addressed to SARBJIT SINGH
AV Ernesto Sarti 14, 38660 Adeje, Santa Cruz de Tenerife
attaching in both cases a copy of the DNI, NIE or passport and the documentation that, if applicable, supports the request.
The User and/or Client is informed that they can direct any type of claim regarding the protection of personal data to the Spanish Data Protection Agency
www.agpd.es
, Control Authority of the Spanish State.
POLICY UPDATE
This policy has been updated in accordance with the requirements of the community regulations on the Protection of Personal Data, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Likewise, it is reported that this policy may be modified due to changes in the requirements established by the legislation in force at any time, by judicial decisions and jurisprudential changes, as well as by changes in the actions and business strategy of SARBJIT SINGH and its subsidiaries. . The publication, and access by users, will be carried out through this same site, understanding that the relationships established with them prior to the change will be governed by the rules established at the time the website was accessed for its establishment.