Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. USER INFORMATION
Who is the controller of your personal data?
Zed Italy,
is the CONTROLLER of the USER’s personal data and informs him/her that these data shall be
                            processed in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April (GDPR) and the Organic Law
                            3/2018 of 5 December (LOPDGDD)
Why do process your personal data?
To maintain a commercial relationship with the user. The planned processing operations are:
Sending commercial advertising communications by email, fax, SMS, MMS, social networks or by any
                                    other electronic or physical means, present or future, that make it possible to carry out commercial
                                    communications. These communications will be made by the CONTROLLER and will be related to their
                                    products and services, or those of their partners or suppliers with whom they have reached a promotion
                                    agreement. In this case, the
third parties
will never have access to personal data.
Conduct market research and statistical analysis.
Processing orders, requests, respond to queries or any type of request made by the USER through any of the
                                    contact methods available at the CONTROLLER’s website.
Send the online newsletter on news, offers and promotions in our activity
Specific processing:
The controller will be able to access any piece of data that is necessary to carry out the functions of the specific
                                service of every app within the device. In particular, depending on the purpose, each app will be able to access the
                                following information:
Content of the user: Camara, facial recognition, gallery, SMS (to save filters, wallpapers and others)
Health and Fitness: Data regarding health and exercise (for diets and exercise routines)
Location: Precise location of the user. In in the foreground and background (to find colleagues and nearby
                                    leisure)
Contacts and call log (to identify spam)
Identifiers: IDFA and identifiers that create the apps with backend.
Data usage: Interactions with the products
Shopping: Follow the user´s shopping experience to improve or personalize it.
Diagnose data: Time, level of battery.
Other information: Technical information of the device
Access to the device´s identifier and location to be able to target advertising as well as possible.
The information gathered is anonymized for its analysis and optimization of advertisement, and in no.scenario the
                                user is identified. In any case, permission will be requested to access this data. The user will be able to refuse the data
                                processes previously mentioned, and the app won´t offer the functionalities that depend on them.
Why can we process your personal data?
Because the processing is legitimised by article 6 of the GDPR as follows:
With the USER’s consent: sending commercial communications and the newsletter.
In the legitimate interest of the CONTROLLER: conduct market research, statistical analysis, etc. and
                                    process orders, requests, etc. at the request of the USER.
For how long will we keep your personal data?
Data shall be stored for no longer than is necessary to maintain the purpose of the processing or for as long as there
                                are legal prescriptions dictating their custody, and when such purpose is no longer necessary the data shall be erased
                                with appropriate security measures to ensure the anonymization of the data or their complete destruction.
¿To whom do we disclose your personal data?
No communication of personal data to
third parties
is foreseen except, if necessary for the development and execution
                                of the purposes of the processing, to our suppliers of services related to communications, with which the
                                CONTROLLER has signed the confidentiality and data processor contracts required by current privacy regulations.
What are your rights?
The rights of the USER are:
Right to withdraw consent at any time.
Right of access, rectification, portability and erasure of your data and the limitation or objection to their
                                    processing.
The right to file a claim with the Spanish Supervisory Authority (www.aepd.es) if you consider that the
                                    processing does not comply with the current legislation.
Minors and Incapable Person
The acceptance of this Privacy Policy ("Policy") will occur when the user or, when necessary, the respective father, mother, or tutor accesses the App
									and agrees with the use of his or her personal data to each purpose described herein. In case you do not agree with this Policy, please, do not continue
									interacting with the App. However, we would like to know the reason of your disagreement so that we can improve our products. Please contact us at mailto: devitapp@zed.com 
									
									Zed Italy takes it very seriously when it comes to the personal data of minors and incables people as app users.
									Due to this reason, no personal data of users will be collected, stored, or otherwise processed for any purpose other than those expressed herein, except in case of a legal
									obligation to be observed by Zed Italy.
									
									What are Personal Data?

									Personal Data are all information that may identify or make identifiable any person (“Personal Data”), such as, for instance, IP adresss, name and email adress.
									
									What will Zed Italy do to your Personal Data?
									
									When using the App, users may voluntarily provide their Personal Data, when making a purchase in the app, for instance.
									In addition, users may have their Personal Data collected indirectly by tools that mange statistical analyses on the App usability and information
									on errors to guarantee the stability of our product. No other user data is collected by the App ore collected. We do not collect any user level data. 
									Nonetheless, in case the user is willing to obtain more detailed information about the processed commented above, contact Zed Italy using our contact at devitapp@zed.com.
									Zed Italy will work diligently to answer your inquiry, provided it does not conflict with the intellectual property rights of Zed Italy.
Contact information for exercising rights:
Via Degli Orombelli 11, 20131 Milano – Italia
                                Email: devitapp@zed.com
                                Contact details of the data protection officer: Zed Italy, Via Degli Orombelli 11, 20131 Milano – Italia.
2. COMPULSORY OR OPTIONAL NATURE OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE USER
The USERS, by marking the corresponding boxes and entering data in the fields, marked with an asterisk (*) in the
                                contact form or download forms, accept expressly and in a free and unequivocal way that their data are necessary for
                                the supplier to meet their request, voluntarily providing their data in the remaining fields. The USER ensures that the
                                personal data provided to the CONTROLLER are true and is responsible for communicating any changes to them.
The CONTROLLER informs that all data requested through the website are mandatory, as they are necessary for the
                                provision of an optimal service to the USER. In the event that not all of the data is provided, there is no guarantee that
                                the information and services provided will be completely adapted to the User’s needs
3. SECURITY MEASURES
That in accordance with the provisions of the current regulations on the protection of personal data, the
                                CONTROLLER is complying with all the provisions of the GDPR and LOPDGDD regulations for processing the
                                personal data for which they are responsible, and is manifestly complying with the principles described in Article 5 of
                                the GDPR, by which they are processed in a lawful, fair and transparent manner in relation to the data subject and
                                appropriate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed.
The CONTROLLER guarantees that all appropriate technical and organisational policies have been implemented to
                                apply the security measures established by the GDPR and LOPDGDD in order to protect the rights and freedoms of
                                USERS and has communicated the appropriate information for them to be able to exercise them.
For more information about privacy guarantees, you can contact the CONTROLLER through Zed Italy, Via Degli Orombelli 11, 20131 Milano – Italia.
                                Email: devitapp@zed.com
                                Contact details of the data protection officer: Zed Italy, Via Degli Orombelli 11, 20131 Milano – Italia.
COOKIES POLICY
COOKIES POLICY
INFORMATION ABOUT COOOKIES
Due to the coming into force of the amendment to the «Law on Services of the Information Society» (LSSICE) established
                                    by Spanish Royal Decree 13/2012, it is mandatory to obtain the express consent of the user of all web pages that use nonessential cookies before browsing them.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies and other similar technologies such as local shared objects, flash cookies or pixels, are tools used by Web servers
                                    to store and retrieve information about their visitors, as well as to enable the proper functioning of the site.
Through using these devices, the Web server is able to remember some data concerning the user, such as their
                                    preferences for viewing the server’s pages, their name and password, products that interest them most, etc.
COOKIES AFFECTED BY, AND COOKIES EXEMPT FROM REGULATIONS
According to the EU directive, the cookies that require the user’s informed consent are analysis, advertising and affiliation
                                    cookies, while technical cookies and those that are necessary for the operation of the website or the provision of services
                                    expressly requested by the user are exempt.
TYPES OF COOKIES
DEPENDING ON THE PURPOSE
Technical and functional cookies:
allow the user to navigate through a website, platform or application and the
                                        use of different options or services available in it.
Analysis cookies:
allow the controller to monitor and analyse the behaviour of the users of the websites they are
                                        linked to. The information collected by this type of cookie is used to measure the activity of the websites, application
                                        or platform and to carry out browsing profiling of the users of said sites, applications and platforms, with the purpose
                                        of introducing improvements in the analysis of the user data carried out by service users.
Advertising cookies:
allow management, in the most efficient way possible, of advertising spaces which, if
                                        applicable, the editor has included in a website, application or platform from where requested service is provided
                                        based on data such as the edited content or frequency with which advertisements are made.
Behavioural advertising cookies:
collect information on the user’s personal preferences and choices (retargeting)
                                        in order to allow management, in the most efficient way possible, of the advertising spaces which, if applicable, the
                                        editor has included in a website, application or platform from where the requested service is provided.
Social cookies:
established by the social network platforms in the services to allow content to be shared with
                                        friends and networks. The social media platforms have the ability to track activity online outside the Services. This
                                        may affect the content and messages seen in other services used.
Affiliate cookies:
allow you to track visits through links from other websites, with which the website establishes
                                        affiliate agreements (affiliate companies).
Security cookies:
store encrypted information to avoid the stored data in them being vulnerable to malicious
                                        attacks by
third parties
ACCORDING TO THE PROPERTY
Own cookies:
are sent to the user’s terminal team from a team or power managed by the own editor and from
                                        where the requested service is provided by the user.
Third parties
cookies:
are sent to the user’s terminal team from a team or power which is not managed by the editor,
                                        but by another body which processes data obtained through the cookies.
DEPENDING ON THE STORAGE PERIOD
Session cookies:
are a type of cookie designed to collect and store data as long as the user accesses a website.
Permanent cookies:
are a type of cookies where data continues to be stored in the terminal and may be accessed
                                        and processed for a period of time defined by the cookie controller, and that can range from a few minutes to
                                        several years.
INFORMATION ABOUT COOOKIES
Zed Italy, is the
Controller
of the personal data of the
Data Subject
and informs them that these data will be
                                    processed in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, of 27 April 2016 (GDPR), and therefore the
                                    following information on the processing is provided:
Purposes of the data processing:
as specified in the cookies section which are used on this website.
Legitimisation of the processing:
by consent of the data subject (art. 6.1 GDPR).
Data storage criteria:
as specified in the cookies section used on the website.
Data communication:
data will not be disclosed to
third parties
, except in cookies owned by
third parties
or under legal
                                    obligation.
Rights of the Data Subject:
- Right to withdraw consent at any time.
- Right of access, rectification, portability and erasure of data and the limitation or objection to their processing.
The right to file a claim with the Spanish Supervisory Authority (www.aepd.es) if you consider that the processing does not
                                    comply with current legislation
Contact information to exercise their rights:
Zed Italy, Via Degli Orombelli 11, 20131 Milano – Italia
Email: devitapp@zed.com
Contact details of the data protection officer: Via Degli Orombelli 11, 20131 Milano – Italia
COOKIER USED ON THIS WEBSITE
COOKIES CONTROLLED BY THE EDITOR
Technical and functional
Property
Cookie
Purpose
Term
zedit.info
ASP.NET_Session Id
General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites
                                    written with Miscrosoft .NET based technologies. Usually used
                                    to maintain an anonymised user session by the server.
Session
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
Third parties
services are beyond the control of the editor. Suppliers may at any time modify their service conditions, the
                            purpose and use of cookies, etc.
External suppliers of this website:
Microsoft
Property
Cookie
zedit.info
https://account.microsoft.com/privacy
COOKIES CONFIGURATUON PANEL
From this panel the user will be able to configure the cookies that the website can install in their browser, except for the
                            technical or functional cookies that are necessary for browsing and using the different options or services that are offered.
Cookie panel
HOW TO MANAGE COOKIES FROM YOUR BROWSER
Delete cookies from your device
Cookies that are already on a device can be deleted by clearing the browser history, thus
                                    deleting the cookies from all websites visited.
                                    However, some of the saved information (e.g. login data or website preferences) may also
                                    be lost
Manage site specific cookies
For more precise control of site specific cookies, users can adjust their privacy settings
                                    and cookies in their browser
Manage site specific cookies
While most modern browsers can be configured to prevent cookies from being installed
                                    on a device, this may require the manual adjustment of certain preferences each time a
                                    site or page is visited. In addition, some services and features may not work properly (for
                                    example, profile logins).
HOW TO DELETE COOKIES FROM MOST COMMON BROWSERS
Chrome
http://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=es
Internet Explorer. Version 11
https://support.microsoft.com/es-es/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer
Firefox. Version 65.0.1
https://www.mozilla.org/es-ES/privacy/websites/#cookies
Safari Version 5.1
https://support.apple.com/es-es/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac
Opera
https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/#clearBrowsingData
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.mozilla.org/es-ES/privacy/websites/#cookies:
Ayúdanos a mejorar tu experiencia de Mozilla
Además de las cookies que son necesarias para que esta página funcione, nos gustaría pedirte permiso para usar algunas cookies más para entender mejor lo que necesitas cuando navegas y para mejorar tu experiencia. Tranquilo, tu privacidad es muy importante para nosotros.
Aceptar todas las cookies adicionales
Rechazar todas las cookies adicionales
Ajustes de cookies
Menú
Navegadores Firefox
Cerrar el menú de navegadores Firefox
Firefox para escritorio
Firefox para iOS
Firefox para Android
Firefox Focus
Blog de Firefox
Productos
Cerrar el menú Productos
Mozilla VPN
Mozilla Monitor
Firefox Relay
Pocket
MDN Plus
Fakespot
Thunderbird
Todos los productos
Acerca de nosotros
Cerrar el menú Acerca de nosotros
Nuestra misión
Acerca de Mozilla
El manifiesto de Mozilla
Involúcrate
Proyectos de innovación
Blog
Nuestro trabajo
Mozilla Foundation
Mozilla.ai
Mozilla Ventures
Mozilla Advertising
Mozilla Builders
Aspectos que debe conocer
Es posible que recibamos información personal sobre usted en función de su interacción con nosotros en las plataformas de redes sociales, si envía una solicitud de empleo, prácticas, beca o ayuda, si se ofrece voluntario como miembro de la comunidad Mozilla, si nos envía opiniones o solicitudes, si se registra para obtener una cuenta o una suscripción, o si interactúa con campañas de productos o campañas políticas.
Redes sociales
: Si se une a nuestras cuentas en plataformas de redes sociales externas, como X (anteriormente Twitter) y Facebook, es posible que recibamos información personal sobre usted. Si utiliza estas redes, se aplicarán las correspondientes políticas de privacidad, por lo que le animamos a leerlas.
Solicitantes de empleo, prácticas, becas y ayudas
: Los solicitantes de empleo, prácticas, becas y ayudas de Mozilla deben proporcionar su nombre, dirección postal, número de teléfono, dirección de correo electrónico, currículo y, en algunos casos, otra información. Esta información se utilizará para procesar y valorar las solicitudes y contactar con los solicitantes en relación con posibles ofertas. Gestionamos las solicitudes de empleo y prácticas a través de
Greenhouse
y las solicitudes de becas y las solicitudes de ayudas de MOSS a través de
Fluxx.io
.
Colaboradores
: Si se ofrece voluntariamente como colaborador de la comunidad de Mozilla, tanto Mozilla como otros se pondrán en contacto con usted en la dirección de correo electrónico proporcionada en relación con su colaboración y para agradecer sus esfuerzos. Si colabora con Bugzilla o las bases de código, su dirección de correo electrónico y, posiblemente, su nombre serán públicos para todos los usuarios de Internet. Si crea una cuenta en Mozilla Connect (plataforma ofrecida por
Khoros
con un aviso de privacidad propio), Mozilla y otros miembros de la comunidad podrán acceder a su nombre, avatar, publicaciones, respuestas y a toda la demás información que usted comparta. Si crea un perfil en people.mozilla.org, este será accesible para todos los empleados y colaboradores de Mozilla; (usted podrá editar sus datos del perfil en
Configuración del perfil
. En ocasiones, mostramos información de colaboradores de fuentes (como Bugzilla) en paneles para compartir estadísticas adicionales sobre la comunidad de Mozilla. Un ejemplo es
https://wiki.mozilla.org/Contribute/Dashboards
. Cuando es posible, tratamos de minimizar la información de contacto que se muestra públicamente.
Opinión del usuario
: Puede enviarnos su opinión sobre nuestros productos y servicios de páginas web, como
connect.mozilla.org
, a través del producto o mediante canales como correo electrónico, Bugzilla, Matrix, cuentas de redes sociales, nuestra página Involúcrate o grupos como Student Ambassadors. Trate de compartir la menor cantidad posible de información personal en estos foros, ya que todo el mundo podrá acceder a sus comentarios.
Cuentas y suscripciones
: Algunos sitios web, por ejemplo,
Complementos para Firefox
,
Relay
,
Monitor
, y
MDN
, requieren que cree una cuenta. Para gestionar las cuentas, usamos las
cuentas de Mozilla
,
GitHub
, o sistemas personalizados;
obtenga más información
acerca de cómo gestionar los datos de su cuenta de Mozilla. Usted recibirá periódicamente correo electrónico en relación con su cuenta o a través de sus suscripciones. Nuestros proveedores de servicios de gestión de correo son
SalesForce Marketing Cloud
,
Amazon Simple Email Service
,
Mailchimp
,
SocketLabs
,
Campaign Monitor
o
Braze
. Si desea anular una suscripción, use el enlace ubicado en la parte inferior del correo electrónico que corresponda.
Campañas de productos y políticas
: Algunas de nuestras páginas web acogen campañas de productos o campañas políticas. Puede, por ejemplo, solicitar un enlace por correo electrónico o mensaje de texto para instalar Firefox en su dispositivo móvil o participar en peticiones legislativas relacionadas con Internet. Utilizamos servicios de terceros para gestionar estas campañas y los datos que comparta con nosotros.
Utilizamos cookies, GIF transparentes y otros análisis web de terceros, así como direcciones IP, para comprobar la funcionalidad y entender mejor la interacción del usuario con nuestros productos, servicios y comunicaciones.
Funcionalidad
: Utilizamos información como cookies, información del dispositivo y direcciones IP para mejorar la funcionalidad de determinados productos, servicios y mensajes. Por ejemplo:
Las cookies se utilizan para recordar información sobre su configuración (como su preferencia de idioma) y para poder recomendarle funciones relevantes en función de su configuración. Además ayudan con el inicio de sesión y la autenticación de usuario, para que no tenga que introducir sus contraseñas cada vez que quiera acceder a determinados sitios web de Mozilla.
Las direcciones IP se utilizan para personalizar mensajes por idioma y país.
La información del dispositivo como país, idioma, operador y fabricante del equipo original (OEM) se utiliza para personalizar su servicio.
Indicadores
: Asimismo utilizamos cookies, información del dispositivo y direcciones IP junto con GIF transparentes y otros servicios de terceros para analizar la interacción de los usuarios con nuestros productos, servicios, mensajes, sitios web, campañas online, snippets, dispositivos y otras plataformas. Utilizamos:
Mozilla Glean, nuestra propia plataforma de telemetría y análisis. Para obtener más información sobre los tipos de datos que recopilamos, puede consultar el
Diccionario de Glean
.
Google Analytics, que coloca una cookie en su dispositivo para obtener indicadores sobre la interacción de los usuarios con nuestros sitios web. Esto nos ayuda a mejorar el contenido de un sitio web.
Convert.com y ShareProgress, que colocan una cookie en su dispositivo para ayudarnos a probar distintos contenidos web. Esto nos ayuda a ofrecer a los usuarios mejores experiencias web.
Datos de referencia HTTP, que pueden estar incluidos en el instalador de Firefox con el fin de ayudarnos a analizar el dominio del sitio web o la campaña de publicidad que le envió a nuestra página de descarga. Esta información nos ayuda a medir la eficacia de nuestras campañas publicitarias y mejorarlas.
Otras herramientas para medir indicadores en ciertas ocasiones, de forma experimental. Por ejemplo, para ayudar a evaluar una nueva herramienta para medir indicadores o probar una colección de indicadores existentes.
Prevención de fraude
: Mozilla ha implementado la herramienta de terceros, Invisible reCAPTCHA de Google, que opera en segundo plano en algunos de nuestros sitios web con el fin de identificar actividades fraudulentas. El uso de Invisible reCAPTCHA está regido por la
Política de privacidad de Google
y los
Términos de uso
.
Puede configurar las cookies individualmente, indicar sus preferencias de cookies en relación con terceros y denegar el uso de análisis web y herramientas de optimización.
Historial de cookies
: Puede aceptar o rechazar las cookies individualmente en las preferencias, en la sección Historial disponible en Herramientas > Opciones > Privacidad. Tenga en cuenta que es posible que algunas características de nuestros productos y servicios no funcionen correctamente si no se tiene las cookies habilitadas.
No quiero ser rastreado
: Mozilla no rastrea a los usuarios hasta sitios web de terceros para ofrecer publicidad personalizada. Además, si ha configurado su navegador para que envíe la señal de "No rastrear" al acceder a nuestros sitios web, Mozilla no utilizará ninguna de las herramientas mencionadas en la sección
Indicadores
.
Correo electrónico
: Nuestros mensajes de publicidad son opcionales y puede cancelar su suscripción desde el pie de página del correo electrónico o actualizando sus
preferencias de correo de Mozilla
o para el boletín informativo de Thunderbird, en el
sitio web de Thunderbird
.
Análisis y optimización
: Siga las instrucciones a continuación si no desea que se recopilen los datos sobre sus visitas a las páginas web de Mozilla:
Herramientas propias de Mozilla:
Desactive este servicio en www.mozilla.org
.
Google: Instale el
complemento de exclusión de Google Analytics para navegadores
, que prohíbe la transmisión de datos a Google Analytics. Algunas páginas de Mozilla.org usan GIF transparentes que se comunican con DoubleClick para analizar la eficacia de nuestras campañas publicitarias. Puede controlar los anuncios personalizados de DoubleClick a través de los ajustes de anuncios de Google (se le pedirá que inicie sesión en su cuenta de Google).
Convert.com:
Desactive este servicio en www.mozilla.org
.
ShareProgress y Fathom.com: Si lo desea, puede
activar la opción No rastrear en su navegador
.
Redes sociales
: Los botones para compartir en las redes sociales de los sitios web de Mozilla están diseñados para que no se comparta información con el correspondiente proveedor de estos medios mientras no haga clic en el icono de redes sociales.
Algunos sitios web de Mozilla permiten realizar compras (como aplicaciones y accesorios) o efectuar donaciones a proyectos específicos de Mozilla o en apoyo a los programas benéficos públicos de Mozilla. El procesamiento de estas transacciones a menudo corre a cargo de servicios de terceros que colaboran con Mozilla.
Procesamiento de pagos
: Cuando compra algo a través del sitio web de Mozilla, aporta fondos o realiza donaciones, enviará el pago mediante uno de nuestros proveedores de pago externos: Stripe, Apple Pay, PayPal, Venmo o Google Pay. Mozilla recibirá un registro de su cuenta (que incluye la dirección de facturación y los cuatro últimos dígitos de su método de pago) y (cuando corresponda), y el estado de la suscripción de su cuenta, también podemos recibir su nombre, dirección postal o dirección de correo electrónico. Estos datos se usan para procesar pagos, detectar fraude y para el mantenimiento de archivos.
Información de contacto y donaciones
: Utilizamos
Acoustic
,
Salesforce
,
Fundraise Up
y
Campaign Monitor
para enviar por correo electrónico recibos y almacenar registros, que se conservan durante 10 años a partir de la fecha del último pago. Si hace una donación a Mozilla Foundation o Thunderbird, usamos
Fundraise Up
para gestionar nuestras donaciones y entregar recibos de transacciones a nuestros donantes.
En el caso de que desee realizar una solicitud acerca de sus datos personales, póngase en contacto con nosotros a través de nuestro
Portal de solicitud de acceso a datos
. Si tiene alguna otra pregunta sobre los datos personales y nuestras prácticas en relación con la protección de la privacidad, envíe un correo electrónico a
compliance@mozilla.com
. Respondemos a todas las solicitudes que recibimos de personas que desean ejercer sus derechos de protección de datos de acuerdo con la legislación aplicable en materia de protección de datos.
Menú
Privacidad de Mozilla
Sitios web, comunicaciones y cookies de Mozilla
Privacidad de Mozilla
Sitios web, comunicaciones y cookies de Mozilla
Cuentas de Mozilla
Servicios de suscripción de Mozilla
Navegador Firefox
Firefox Focus
Thunderbird
MDN Plus
Sub-policy 1
https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/#clearBrowsingData:
Ad blocker
In order to use Opera’s built-in ad blocker, the feature must first be enabled in your browser. To enable Opera’s ad blocker, or to turn off ad blocker:
Open Opera and go to
Settings
(
Alt+P
)
Under
Privacy protection
, click the switch next to
Block ads…
. This will enable Ad blocker.
The blue ad blocker badge
on the right side of the combined address and search bar shows that the feature is enabled.
Click the ad blocker icon to open the ad blocker pop-up window. In this window you can optionally disable ad blocker for the current website. You can also enable/disable the Tracker blocker, or click the gear icon to be taken to the settings page for ad blocker.
Whitelist a website in Opera’s ad blocker
Some websites request that you disable ad blocker so you can visit and fully enjoy their webpage. Instead of having to completely turn off Opera’s ad blocker to visit one site, you can whitelist the requesting website.
To do this, open the ad blocker pop-up window in the combined address and search bar and click the
Turn off for this site
button. This will disable ad blocker on that site. In the same popup, you can also enable/disable the Tracker blocker, or click the gear icon to be taken to the settings page for ad blocker.
Opera’s ad blocker pauses when you visit a whitelisted website and resumes when you navigate to another website, allowing for an uninterrupted browsing experience.
The whitelisted website’s domain is added to your ad blocking exceptions list. Read below to learn how to manage exceptions for Opera’s ad blocker.
Managing filter lists for Opera’s ad blocker
You can choose which filter lists Opera’s ad blocker uses when the feature is enabled. EasyList and NoCoin are enabled by default. To manage lists in Opera’s ad blocker:
Go to
Settings
.
In
Privacy protection
, under
Block ads
, click
Manage lists
.
Check the boxes next to the lists you want enabled for ad blocker.
Opera updates your selected lists automatically. You can update the lists manually by clicking the
Update
button at the top of the page.
These lists, also known as filter lists, contain rules that tell ad blockers which content is likely to be an ad. The most popular and commonly used list for removing ads on international websites is EasyList. Opera includes additional lists, such as EasyPrivacy, NoCoin, and lists for multiple languages, in order to remove ads.
NoCoin
is a cryptocurrency mining protection filter list which stops crytpojacking scripts from running on your computer. Read more about Opera’s
cryptocurrency mining protection
.
Learn how to
turn ad blocker on or off
.
VPN
Normally, your browser connects directly to websites, allowing websites to identify your IP address and approximate location. With VPN, you connect to websites via a VPN (virtual private network) server. As a result, your apparent location changes to the location of the server. To enable VPN:
Go to
Settings
.
Click
Advanced
in the left sidebar, and click
Features
.
Under
VPN,
turn on
Enable VPN
.
When you enable VPN, it starts automatically, and a VPN
badge
appears in the combined address and search bar. Click on the badge, and you will see an on/off switch, information about the amount of data transferred, the virtual location, and the virtual IP address.
From the point of view of websites, your browser is now located in the region given by the virtual location. To change your virtual location, select a region from the list. If you do not choose a region, you are automatically assigned an
optimal location
. To turn off VPN, flip the switch in the badge.
Because the connection from your browser to the VPN server is encrypted, even if the local network is not, VPN enhances your privacy on the local network. You can hide your browsing activities from other users of that network.
To enhance your privacy with regard to websites, making it more difficult for them to track you, you need a combination of features. The issue is
cookies
. Even if you disguise your location, websites can still identify you if they have set a cookie. Notice, however, that by
blocking ads
you block the source of many tracking cookie. At the end of a
private browsing
session, when you close the browser, all cookies from that session are deleted.
VPN is a free service, and the amount of data you are allowed to transfer is unlimited.
Private window
Private browsing ensures that your internet history and activity data is removed as soon as you close all private windows.
To browse privately on Windows and Linux, go to
Menu > New private window
.
To browse privately on Mac, select
File > New Private Window
(
Ctrl+Shift+N
).
When you close all private windows, Opera will clear the following associated data:
Browsing history
Items in cache
Cookies
After being closed, a private tab or window cannot be recovered from the
Recently Closed
list in the tab menu.
While private windows do not leave any record of the websites you visit, if you deliberately save data – for example, if you save an item to your Speed Dial, save a password, or download a file – it will still be visible after the window is closed.
Clear browsing data
By default, Opera stores certain browsing data to help speed up connections, load common page elements, and improve your interaction with the sites you visit. You may wish to remove traces of your browsing habits by clearing your browsing data. To clear browsing data:
Go to
Settings
.
Click
Advanced
in the left sidebar, and click
Privacy & security
.
Under
Privacy and security
, click
Clear browsing data
.
Select a time range and the types of data you wish to clear, and click
Clear data
.
Browsing history
– A list of sites you have visited.
Download history
– A record of the files you’ve downloaded. Clearing this will not delete the file you downloaded, only the record of where and when.
News usage data
– Information on the frequency and the length of time you spend on a news article from the personal news page, which is used to customize what news you see.
Cookies and other site data
– Data from websites you visit which is stored on your computer, such as site preferences and login status.
Cached images and files
– Data stored on your computer by applications or websites to make processes and site loading faster. Should be cleared periodically.
Passwords and other sign-in data
– Data related to logging into websites and applications. Allows you to be signed-in automatically.
Autofill form data
– Information like credit-card numbers, names and phone numbers, which you can choose to store on your computer in order to have forms filled in automatically.
Site settings
– Permission data for websites, such as whether they can access your microphone or send you cookies.
Hosted app data
– Data stored by extensions you have installed in your browser. Clearing this data will reset the extension to its default.
Clearing your browsing history will delete any stored location information about the pages you have viewed and the times you accessed them.
Clearing download history will empty Opera’s record of the files you’ve downloaded through the browser. This will not delete the file from your local machine, only the record of when and where you downloaded it.
Deleting cookies and other site data will remove any tracked site data. Read
more about managing cookies
.
Emptying your browser’s cache will delete any temporarily stored data from websites. The cache is used to briefly store page elements such as images or search queries. Cached data also helps reduce loading times when you wish to access a recently visited site. Emptying cache will clear up space on you local disk.
Clearing data from hosted apps will delete any data stored by extensions you have installed in the browser. For example, if you installed a weather extension on Speed Dial and set your location in its settings, clearing this data will reset the extension to its default and you will have to tell the extension your location again.
Note:
Take care not to erase useful data inadvertently. If you are not already familiar with it, try private browsing. The data for private browsing is automatically cleared when you close all private windows.
Managing how Opera stores private data may be useful, as an alternative to clearing all private data. Read
more about setting web preferences
.
Security badges
Opera warns you about suspicious pages by checking the page you request against a database of known
phishing
and
malware
websites. To protect yourself when entering sensitive information, always look for the
lock in the security badge to the left of the combined address and search bar.
Badges indicate details about the page you are viewing. When a badge appears in your combined address and search bar, click it to see more information, including security certificates and more.
Icon
Indicates…
Compressed connection
Ads are blocked
Camera access
Extension
Fraud or malware warning
Local file
Location access
Microphone access
Opera page
Secure connection
Unprotected connection
MIDI access
VPN is on
When the connection is secure, a lock is displayed in the security badge, implying that no one else can read the information that passes between you and the site. Opera uses certificates to verify the identity of the site owners. A lock means there is good encryption between you and the recipient, and the recipient’s identity has been verified.
If a website is blacklisted, you will be presented with a warning page, and you can decide whether to visit the website or to go back safely to the previous page. Fraud and malware protection does not cause any delay in the opening of pages.
Manage security certificates
HTTPS (Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure) is a widely used technology that provides encrypted communication and identity assurance on the Internet. Security certificates are used to verify the ownership of Internet domains. If you see a black padlock security badge in your combined address and search bar, then according to your operating system’s configuration, you are securely connected to the website. However, it is still your responsibility to make sure that the address is correct. When in doubt, type the address by hand.
If you’d like more information about a site’s security certificate, click on the security badge and click the
Certificate (Valid)
link. Opera will provide the certificate’s issuer, the type of certificate, and whether the issuer is publicly-known and valid.
Publicly-known issuers and their certificates are validated against a number of security and identity checks. Opera will warn you if some part of a publicly-known issuer’s certificate is questionable. You may choose to proceed but Opera cannot guarantee your security.
To see which HTTPS/TLS certificates are used by your Opera browser and how Opera handles them:
Go to
Settings
.
Click
Advanced
in the left sidebar, and click
Privacy & security
.
Under
Privacy and security
, click
Manage certificates
.
A note about local certificate issuers
Some connections can be certified by certificates from local issuers, either from apps on your machine or other non-public sources (such as a local intranet). These issuers can be used to verify secured connections in the browser. Most of these connections are valid. For example, debugging applications, third-party security scanning, and parental filters may rely on locally-issued certificates.
Connections certified by certificates from local issuers aren’t screened by the same security standards as publicly-known issuers and certificates. Such screening is too strict and may not allow connections to work as intended. Malware or viruses may use these certificates to view encrypted information or inject ads.
If you wish, you can configure Opera to warn you about public sites that use certificates from local issuers. If you continue to browse on these connections, be aware that some security measures, such as certificate pinning and Certificate Transparency, will be disabled for all such connections during your browsing session.
Review
how to manage security certificates
.
Invalid certificate warnings in Opera
If Opera cannot verify the identity of the server for a website you wish to visit, you will see this pop-up. Click
Show certificate
to review the certificate yourself. When reviewing the certificate, check that the certificate’s validity date is current and that the issuer of the certificate is trusted.
Click
Continue anyway
to proceed to the website.
If you do not trust the server or the certificate and you wish to not proceed to the website, click
Cancel.
A note about Extended Validation (EV) certificates
The best guarantee of a website’s identity is provided by Extended Validation (EV) certificates. Extended Validation means that the details of the organization buying the certificate have been audited by an accountable, third-party entity, who can therefore verify that the certificate owner is who it claims to be. EV websites are indicated by a black
security badge
with a padlock in the address field.
Extended Validation certificates are designed to endorse a company’s validity as a reliable, rather than transient, business. For example, to obtain a certificate, a company must provide three years of tax records and other financial information to the Certificate Authority. This certification provides peace of mind and security for Internet shoppers.
Opera has already implemented procedures and processes for EV certification and is at the forefront of complying with standards. We have built-in procedures to automatically verify that everything in a certificate for a website is correct when someone visits a page on the site and that the certificate has not been revoked.
Tell sites to not track your activity
Most sites track your behavior while you visit them. If you do not like this idea, Opera can send an additional header with every request: “DNT: 1”. This is a flag to websites that the user does not want to be tracked. Some countries have DNT legislation that will legally protect your request and most well-behaved websites will respect this additional header.
You can set Opera to tell sites you prefer to opt-out of online behavioral tracking. To set this:
Go to
Settings
.
Click
Advanced
in the left sidebar, and scroll down to
Privacy & security
.
Click
Cookies and other site data
.
Under
Cookies and other site data
, turn on
Send a “Do Not Track” request with your browsing traffic
.
A note about phishing and malware
Opera’s fraud and malware Protection warns you about suspicious web pages and is enabled by default. It checks the requested page against several databases of known phishing and malware websites, called blacklists. Although it is not possible to totally eliminate the risk of encountering an unidentified phishing or malware website, the risk is minimized.
Note that checking against the database does not delay the opening of web pages.
Phishing
The growth of Internet commerce has given online criminals an opportunity to steal your passwords, your credit card numbers, and other personal information by impersonating authority figures from your bank or other institutions you frequent. This is known as phishing.
You will be encouraged to log in and “verify” your customer information: in other words, to reveal your password, credit card number, or other private data. The best defense against this threat is to be aware of the problem and to be alert when transacting business online.
Malware
For the same reason that you have anti-virus software installed, you may want protection from websites that distribute viruses or other malicious software, collectively known as malware. The concept of malware encompasses not just viruses, but also scripts that may run automatically when you load a web page.
Search for:
Get to know Opera
Get started
Easy setup
Sidebar setup panel
Settings
Default Browser
Browser window
Basics
Sidebar
Tabs
Context menus
Zoom
Full screen
Find text on page
Downloads
Search
Combined address bar
Default search engine
Custom search engines
Search pop-up tool
Start page
Easy Setup
Speed Dial
Features
Ad blocker
Tracker blocker
VPN
Paste Protection
Converter
Search highlight
Video pop-up
Battery saver
Bookmarks
Sync
Tab Snoozing
Duplicate tabs highlighter
Player
Pinboards
Integrated messengers
Personal News
News on start page
Snapshot
My Flow
Search in Tabs
Recently closed tabs
Easy Files
Crypto Wallet
Workspaces
Continue booking
Continue shopping
Customization
Theme – dark vs light
Wallpapers
Extensions
Changing languages in Opera
Import browsing data
Startup preferences
Sidebar
Advanced Options
Security and privacy
Ad blocker
VPN
Private window
Clear browsing data
Security badges
Blocked content
Security certificates
Tracking
Phishing and malware
Web preferences
Autofill
Camera
Cookies
Handlers
Images
JavaScript
Location sharing
Microphone
MIDI
Notifications
Passwords
Pop-ups
Shortcuts
Mouse gestures
Keyboard shortcuts
Advanced
Developer tools
Proxy settings
Experiments
Crashes and issues
Backup
Crashes
Report a problem
Update Opera
Recover Opera
Offline installer
FAQ
TUTORIALS
FORUMS
BLOGS