Privacy Policy
Data Protection Notice – Daily Horoscope & Astrology! App Users
This data protection notice has been created in accordance with the DPA, 2018. (UK Data Protection Act 2018). It has also been created in line with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation). This article shows how we collect your personal details that relate to you. This article also shows you how we collect any details that you provide to us when we provide Daily Horoscope & Astrology! app services to you.
This notice sets out the basis on which we collect any personal information relating to you, or that you provide to us. This is information that you provide to us in relation to us providing you with our services.
Who we are
‘We’, ‘Us.’ or ‘Our’ refers to ALDEMA SIA. Our company number is: 40103768239.
We control your personal information. What this means is we’re responsible for determining how your personal information is collected, stored, and used.
If you have questions or queries about this privacy notice, please do not hesitate to contact our User Relations Manager at aldemalv@gmail.com
Who This Privacy Notice Applies To
This particular privacy notice applies to every user of our app. This notice does not form a part of the contract that is used to provide the services.
We can and may update this privacy notice at any time.
Navigation
This notice answers the preceding questions/statements:
- What personal information is collected?
- Why we use your personal information
- Our legal basis for the collection of your personal information
- What will happen if you do not provide the required personal information?
- Using your personal information for (Automated) decision-making
- Changing the purpose of using your personal information
- How long we store your personal information for
- Sharing your personal information with 3rd parties
- Will we share your personal information to advertise our app?
- Transferring your information outside the EEA
- Ensuring your personal information is kept secure
- Your rights and your personal information
- Telling you about some changes to this privacy notice
- How you can contact us
What Personal Information is collected?
We will ask you to provide us with the following:
Your name, your gender, your relationship status. We will also ask you for your place of birth, your date of birth, and your time of birth. We may also ask you for the shape/line model on both your palms.
If you have a query that you would like us to respond to we will ask for your email address. We will also collect any information about yourself that you have chosen to provide us with.
Aside from your email address we will not store or collect the above information. This personal information will be stored on your device.
When we collect information about you, we will collect an ID from Apple that does not identify you. We do this so we can bill you through iTunes.
- Information that is collected by 3rd parties.
Information is collected by 3rd parties on the app and also our website providers. The data that is collected will relate to your usage. This data is your IP address and your cookies. URLS’ and unique device identifiers along with the sequence of the pages you visited will be collected.
Please note, we do not collect the information. It is collected by the specific 3rd parties who are acting as data controllers. The information will only be shared in order to allow the app to work.
Why We use Your Personal Information
We use personal information to:
- Provide you with entertainment services that are related to horoscopes, astrology, numerology, and biorhythms.
- Confirm that you have a valid subscription to our app.
- Communicate with you should you need app support.
Our Legal Basis for the Collection of your Personal Information
We collect and use your personal information to help us perform our contract. This ensures we can provide our services to you.
We collect and use your information to confirm that you have a valid subscription. It is in our interests to ensure you are correctly subscribed so you can receive our services. It is also in our interests to make sure we are paid for the services.
When we allow 3rd parties to use and collect we will do so for the purposes of analytics. We will only collect this information if your device system settings permit it.
What Will happen if you do not provide the Required personal information
If you do not provide the required personal information, we may be unable to give you a response. We may also be unable to enter into a contract with you. In addition to this, we may be unable to meet any of our obligations. These are the obligations that we have to provide you with under your contract.
If you are concerned as to whether you need to provide us with your information please contact us at aldemalv@gmail.com
Using your Personal Information for (Automated) decision-making
We will never use your personal information to make any automated decisions about you. None of the information you enter into our app is used to create a profile about you.
Please note that your profile is linked to your device so we can obtain some content from our content engine. The content in question is for exclusively for entertainment purposes. It is not made to be used by yourself or anyone as the basis for legally significant or important decisions.
Changing the Purpose of Using your Personal Information
We will only ever use your personal information for the purposes that have been set out above. Additionally, we may also use it for a completely new reason. This reason is compatible with the original purposes of the app.
If we decide to change the purpose of the app and for which we store and use your information you can ask us for an explanation. You can ask us if our new purpose is completely compatible with our original purpose. To do this, please contact us at aldemalv@gmail.com
How Long we Store your Personal Information For
We will only keep your personal information for as long as we are permitted to do so by law.
The information that you enter into the app will be retained as long as the app is on your devices. Once the app is deleted, your personal information will also be deleted. This is because it’s stored locally on your device.
We will retain any information that relates to your contract with us. We will also retain any information that relates to the use of the app for up to six (6) years after you have unsubscribed from the app. We will keep information that relates to any support queries for the maximum of 1 year after the relevant support query has been closed.
Sharing your Personal Information with 3rd Parties
We only share your personal information with trusted 3rd parties, specifically those who support our app. The parties include those who design our app infrastructure, along with customer support service. If we choose to share your information, we will have a contract with them. This contract controls exactly how all your personal information may be used. It also states that your personal information must be treated in accordance with data protection laws.
Will we Share your Personal Information to Advertise Our App?
We will never share information that could possibly identify you with our 3rd party advertising partners. This is irrespective of whether it is for advertising purposes, behavioral advertising, or re-marketing.
When we share information that we know will help our partners, the information does not personally identify you. We share the information to help the partners deliver more personalized advertisements. If you wish to prevent this from happening please alter your settings.
For devices that operate using iOS 6 and higher, the setting can be changed by going to Settings → General → Privacy → Advertising and switching ‘Limit Ad Tracking’ on.
Transferring your Information Outside the EEA
Where the level of data protection is not the same or equivalent to data protection that is used in the United Kingdom we may transfer it. When you submit your personal information, you are agreeing to the transfer of your data outside the EEA. We will ensure that steps are taken to make sure your information is kept secure. A transfer is made when we are confident that a 3rd party will keep control of the information. We will also ensure that the information is kept within the terms of this privacy notice.
Ensuring your Personal Information is Kept Secure
We will undertake the correct security measures that help prevent your information from being lost, or accessed in an unauthorized way. We will also ensure that it is not disclosed or altered. We will also limit the access to your information from agents, employees, and contractors as well as 3rd parties. We will do this with those who have a need-to-know basis.
We have put some secure procedures in place to ensure that any possible data security breach is dealt with. We will notify you and the applicable regulator of any possible breach. We will do this where and when we are legally required to do so.
Our secure security procedures mean that may need request proof of identity. This may be the case if you wish us to disclose some personal information to you.
Your Rights and Your Personal Information
If you are a citizen of an EEA country, you are within your rights to make a complaint. You can do this at any time to your data protection authority. However, we would like the opportunity to work with any of your concerns beforehand. If you are happy to contact us please do so at aldemalv@gmail.com
You have some rights over your personal information. These rights are the right to:
- Ask us what personal information we store. You can also have a copy of the information we hold about you.
- Ask us to correct any mistakes that in your personal information.
- Object to our completely legitimate interests, our marketing communications, and our profiling activities.
- Ask us to send you a copy of the information that you have personally provided to us. Furthermore, you can ask us to provide this in a structured and commonly-used way. It can be in a machine-readable format and we have the right to transmit that data to another entity where:
- We are using your information on the basis of your consent. Or on the basis that we think it is necessary to hold a contract with you, and
- The way we are using your personal information when it is carried out by automated means, and
- The right to ask us to delete all of your personal information where we do not need to use it anymore. You can also ask us to use the information when you withdraw your consent for us to use your information. This includes those times when we have no legal basis to hold your information.
- Ask us to review and explain our interest to you and we do not have a valid and legitimate interest to do what we’re doing.
- The use of your information is not lawful.
- Delete your personal information in order to comply with all of our legal obligations.
- Ask us to restrict how we use your information where you don’t think your information is correct and so that we can check to see if it is. Ask if what we’re doing with the information is illegal but you would prefer us to stop using it rather than deleting it. You can also tell us that we no longer need your information but you’d like us to keep it in case you need to exercise your legal rights. You can also ask us to review as well as explain our interests to you. This is so we can check to see if we have a legitimate and valid interest to keep doing what we’re doing. Finally, when your personal information is being used with your consent you have the right to withdraw it. You can do this any time by contacting us at aldemalv@gmail.com
- Our Policy and Children
Our apps are not suited to nor are they directed to children under the age of 13. We don’t knowingly or purposefully collect information from children who are under 13.
If you’re under 18 years of age you will need to have your parent’s permission before you can download our apps and use them.
Personal Data Deletion:
None of your personal data is kept on our servers.
All data of each user is stored exclusively on the personal device of each user.
To delete all of your data, you just need to uninstall/delete the app from your device.
All your data that has been required before in accordance with our privacy policy will be automatically and permanently deleted once you uninstall our mobile app.
How to cancel a subscription:
For Android:
You can cancel your subscription anytime you like by following Google Play Market instructions:
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/7018481?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en-GB
For iOS
You can cancel your subscription anytime you like by following App-Store instructions:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039
Telling you About Some Changes to this Privacy Notice
We regularly review our privacy policy. Any future changes that we make to our policy will be added to this page. Where appropriate, you will be notified of the changes when the app is updated. Please refer back to this privacy notice from time to time to see any changes or updates.
How you can Contact us
If you would like to contact us about how we use your personal information or this notice please contact us at aldemalv@gmail.com
On the 23rd of May 2023 Aldema Ltd. has signed an agreement Nr. SKV-L-2023/293 with Investment and Development Agency of Latvia (LIAA) for the project "International competitiveness promotion" which is co-financed by the European Regional Development Fund.