Privacy Policy
Last Revised: July 3, 2024
Download PDF
This Privacy Policy describes how Verkada Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Verkada,” “Company,” “we”, “us” or “our”) collect, retain, use, and disclose your Personal Information (defined below) gathered through our
Website
(“Site”), our in person and online interactions with you, and the hardware and software products we sell (“Products”), including our cloud-based platform, Command. This Privacy Policy is subject to and incorporates by reference our
Terms of Service
.
As used in this Privacy Policy, Personal Information means information from which you may be identified directly (from that information alone) and indirectly (when different pieces of information are combined).
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we process as a data processor or service provider on behalf of our customers. If you submit an inquiry to us regarding a job application, we will handle it in accordance with our
Candidate Privacy Policy
.
When do we collect Personal Information?
We collect Personal Information about you when:
you visit our Site or interact with other online content ("Online Interactions");
you request to purchase or use our Products ("Product Interactions"); or
we engage with you offline or via third-party sources ("Other Sources").
We describe them further below and list the types of Personal Information collected in each.
Online Interactions
When do we collect Personal Information from Online Interactions?
When you:
visit our website
request a demo or trial from us
register for a promotion or event  (e.g., webinar, training session, partner/reseller event) or schedule a meeting with us
download materials from our Site (e.g., an eBook)
reach out to us via our online “Contact Us” form or otherwise communicate with us by email, phone, text or social media
provide reviews to us
subscribe to our marketing communications, including new product launches and newsletters
What we collect from Online Interactions:
The type of Personal Information we collect from Online Interactions includes, but is not limited to:
your name
email address
physical address
company
job title
payment details
phone number
IP address
MAC address
your communications, including any comments you provide to us
Some of this Personal Information is collected from you directly when you provide it to us; some of it is collected automatically via cookies and similar technologies when you interact with the Site. For more information, please see our
Cookies Policy
.
How we use Personal Information from Online Interactions:
We use the Personal Information we collect from Online Interactions to deliver our Site and Products to you, and carry out our legitimate interests of developing and growing our business, including to:
respond to your requests to receive further information from us, such as for a demo or to receive our online materials (e.g.,  eBooks) by using your name and email address
send emails to you about the Products you have requested from us
send marketing materials to you via email, such as information about new Product launches, events, educational materials, new blog posts, newsletters, special offers and co-marketing efforts with our reseller partners (you may customize your email settings to
opt-out
of receiving these marketing communications on our Site or via unsubscribe email links)
facilitate your attendance at training sessions, webinars or events by using Personal Information, such as your name, email address and work location
provide technical support and troubleshooting for the Site to identify technical issues and for security purposes
administer our promotional offers and deliver prizes
invite you to review our Site, Products and other online content
deliver advertising to you on other websites, for example, through using cookies and other similar technologies (see our
Cookies Policy
for more)
analyze the impact of our advertising campaigns
analyze the use of our Site and help customize your experience
determine your location to deliver the Site in certain languages and any region- specific content
comply with applicable law where required or otherwise permitted
provide it as needed to our partners and vendors who work with us (see also
Disclosure of Personal Information
section below)
Product Interactions
When we collect Personal Information from Product Interactions
We collect your Personal Information from Product Interactions when you:
create an account on Command and provide contact and account information
submit requests through Command (e.g., support assistance)
engage with our internal resources, such as our knowledge base of user content
log into, configure, use and manage your account and interact with our Products
send customer alerts (e.g., motion notifications, tamper alerts, etc.) generated by our Products
We also collect your Personal Information when we enter into an agreement with you (or your company) for information about our Products (e.g., non-disclosure agreement) or to purchase them (e.g. End User Agreement) through our customer management software (e.g., Docusign and Ironclad).
What we collect from Product Interactions
The type of Personal Information we collect from Product Interactions includes:
your name
email address
company name and organization name, (including any short names)
phone number
region
IP address
username
encrypted password
order history
telemetry information (e.g., usage, metrics, account Product and configuration information)
How we use Personal Information from Product Interactions:
We use the Personal Information we collect from Product Interactions to deliver our Products, develop and improve them, administer your Command account and for other purposes such as to:
authenticate your Command account information using your email address and encrypted password
better understand how users access and use our Products to improve their performance, customize your experience, and develop new products, features and functionality
implement real-time responses to customer questions and support use cases
provide technical support and troubleshooting
recommend product updates and offers to you
help secure and monitor our Products
We also use your Personal Information when we process or enforce a transaction or legal agreements (e.g., our End User Agreement), invoices or orders.
Other Sources
When we collect and use Personal Information from Other Sources
We may collect your Personal Information when you exchange business contact information with us at events or meetings (e.g., business cards), or if you visit one of our office locations.
We may also collect your Personal Information through: (1) our partners (e.g., resellers); (2) third-party sources, including publicly available sources such as professional contact pages of company websites and social media sites, such as LinkedIn; or (3) companies who provide us with marketing services. Examples of third parties we work with include:
Apollo (see
Apollo's Privacy Center
for information about their privacy practices, including how to
opt-out
)
ZoomInfo (see
ZoomInfo's Trust Center
for information about their privacy practices, including how to
opt-out
)
Cognism (see
Cognism's Privacy Policy
for more information about their privacy practices, including how to
opt-out
)
The types of Personal Information we collect from other sources include your professional contact information (such as name, office address, email address, phone number).
We use this information to send you material that we believe may be of interest to you, including news and offers about our products and services, where permissible.
Our Site uses third-party platforms that offer advertising tracking features. If you visit our Site from an advertisement on a third-party platform, the platform provider may place a code on your browser that will help us understand the path you took to arrive on that page to measure the success of our ad campaigns.  For more information, see our
Cookie Policy
.
We work with social media platforms and search engines, such as LinkedIn, Meta, Reddit and Google, to deliver targeted ads on their platforms.  We do this by: (1) matching our customers and prospects to those who are also users of these platforms; and (2) identifying individuals on these platforms who share common characteristics with our customers and prospects to create targeted audiences for our ads. These audiences may include current customers, prospects, Site visitors and Product users.
You can review and update how social media platforms use and share your data for these purposes. Please visit your social media platform privacy settings for more information.
Command also uses third-party technologies, such as cookies, to measure the performance of our Apps and the Command website to help us develop and improve them. Metrics collected by these technologies are not used for advertising purposes.
We may from time to time run a referral program. If you choose to participate by making a referral in this program, we will handle your Personal Information for the purposes of administering the program. Please see our program terms and conditions for further information.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose your Personal Information to:
Vendors, who are contractually bound to process any Personal Information solely on our behalf and according to our instructions. We may use vendors in order to:
help administer and improve the Site or provide our Products
personalize your experience on the Site or use of our Products
process and fulfil orders including processing payments and shipping Products to you
provide us with professional services including legal and financial services
provide analytics in our Apps and Command on our behalf
track and analyze the performance and use of our Site
provide security services
provide hosting, back-up and cloud storage solutions
provide advertising services and support our marketing campaigns
Third-party business partners, including resellers, who may co-sponsor or co-host events or conferences
Our subsidiaries or affiliates
Third-party marketing partners who may provide you, on our behalf, with information relating to our Products or services that we believe you may find of interest, including showing you ads that are targeted to your interests. For more information please see our
Cookies Policy
. For information about opting out of interest-based advertising, see
NAI Consumer Opt Out
or
YourAdChoices
resource centers
law enforcement, regulators, government agencies, courts or other third parties in response to legal process or where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person
an actual or potential buyer (and its agents or advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, or to other third parties in the voluntary or involuntary dissolution (bankruptcy) of our business, provided that we inform the third party it must use your Personal Information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy; and
any other person with your consent to the disclosure or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law
EEA, Switzerland and UK residents
Legal Basis for processing Personal Information
Our legal basis for processing the Personal Information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. We may rely on the following legal bases for processing:
We process Personal Information from you based on consent where appropriate, for example, depending on where you are located, prior to using cookies (see our
Cookie Policy
). If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Information, we will ask for this before processing.
Where we are subject to a contract with you, we process your Personal Information on the basis that it is necessary for the performance of the contract or pre-contractual steps. If you do not provide the Personal Information required, we may not be able to perform the contract.
We also process Personal Information on the basis of our legitimate interests. For example, to understand how you engage with us, deliver our Site and Products to you, troubleshoot, secure, develop and improve our Products or Site, determine your location to deliver the Site in certain languages and any region- specific content provide you with information you have requested from us or to respond to your requests such as signing up to an event or to receive content online (e.g., webinar, whitepaper, product demo) and to create and provide you access to your Command account. We may also process your Personal Information in relation to a contract with us, for example, when we notify you about changes to our services, fulfilling orders, sending invoices, and processing renewals. Where we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis for processing your Personal Information, we have also considered your rights and interests at the same time, and concluded that our interests are not overridden by your rights.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to process your Personal Information.
Data Transfer
Verkada has implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of data protection where your Personal Information is transferred outside of the EEA or UK, such as data processing agreements with our third party vendors and partners through which we implement the standard contractual clauses for the transfer of Personal Information as approved by the European Commission or other permitted mechanisms. Further details can be provided upon request.
Your Rights
You have the following data protection rights (depending on the context in which we process your information):
Access:
You have the right to ask us for copies of your Personal Information. There are some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the information we process. If you use Command, you can access your Personal Information through your Command account.
Erasure:
You have the right to ask us to erase your Personal Information in certain circumstances. You can access, amend, or delete your information, including Personal Information, through your Command account. Please contact Verkada Support at
support@verkada.com
if you have questions regarding how to delete your account or information associated with it.
Rectification:
You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate and to complete information you think is incomplete. If you use Command, you can amend your Personal Information held on Command through your Command account.
Object / Restrict Processing / Request Portability:
In certain circumstances, you can object to processing of your Personal Information, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Information or request portability of your Personal Information.
Opt-out of Marketing Communications:
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time
on our website
.
Withdraw Your Consent
: Similarly, if we have collected and processed your Personal Information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You can request to exercise any of your privacy rights above by contacting us at
privacy@verkada.com
. You also have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. For Europe please see
here
, for Switzerland
here
and for the UK,
here
.
California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to disclose information regarding the categories of personal information and sensitive personal information that we have collected about California consumers, the categories of sources from which the information was collected, the business or commercial purposes (as those terms are defined by applicable law) for which the information was collected, and the categories of parties to whom we disclose personal information. As used in this section, “personal information” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA.
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we describe the specific pieces of personal information and sensitive personal information we collect, the sources of that information, and how we share it. Under the CCPA, we also have to provide you with the "categories" of personal information and sensitive personal information we collect and disclose for “business or commercial purposes” (as those terms are defined by the CCPA).
In the twelve months leading up to the effective date of this Privacy Policy, we have collected and disclosed the categories of personal information described in
When do we collect Personal Information?
The categories of personal information are: identifiers (such as name, address, and email address); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card and other financial account information); internet or other network or device activity (such as IP address); professional or employment-related information (such as your current employer and job title); general location information (such as inferred from an IP address); inference data about you (such as if we derive information about your role within a company); audio and visual information (such as when you call into customer service or visit our offices); and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
The categories of sensitive personal information are account log-in and password or other credentials allowing access to your account.
We process the categories of personal information identified above for the purposes as described in more detail in
When do we collect Personal Information?
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Products; and (3) other parties (e.g., other users) and unaffiliated parties.
We describe our information disclosure practices in more detail in the section above on
Disclosure of Personal Information
.
“Sale” and “Sharing” of Personal Information
The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” or “share” personal information. Where we refer to “sell” or “share” (or their variants) in quotes, we are referring to those terms as uniquely defined in the CCPA.
We may use third-party analytics services and online advertising services that may result in the “sharing” of online identifiers and other identifiers (e.g., cookie data, IP addresses, device identifiers, general location information, usage information, email addresses) with analytics partners to help us analyze and understand use of the Site and our Products and to advertise the Products on other websites. In some cases, such practice may also constitute a “sale” of personal information under the CCPA. If you or your authorized agent would like to opt out of our “sharing” or “sale” of your information for such purposes, you may do so by clicking Your Privacy Choices on the footer of the Site. To opt-out of the “sharing” or “sale” of personal information that is not based on cookies or other tracking technologies, please contact
emailmarketing@verkada.com
.  For more information, see our
Cookies Policy
. For clarity, if you’ve provided consent to receive text messages from us, we do not share that consent with unaffiliated third parties for their own use unless you have consented to that disclosure.
Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt-out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them.  For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see
www.globalprivacycontrol.org
.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16.
Do Not Track Disclosure
We do not respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working on Do Not Track standards, implementations, and solutions. Please note that Do Not Track is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced above.
Retention of Your Personal Information
Please see the
Data Retention
section below.
CCPA Rights
If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights. California law may permit you to request that we:
provide you the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your personal information; the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information; and the categories of personal information we “sell” or “share”
provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you
delete certain information we have about you
correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you
You may also have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any, and the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights.
Some information may be exempt from these rights under applicable law. We may also need certain types of information in order to provide you with our Products or services, and if you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use them.  If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please submit a request at
privacy@verkada.com
or call 833.280.5900. You will be required to verify your identity before we fulfill your request. To do so, you will need to provide the information identified in the webform or as otherwise directed by us. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. To do so, you must provide us with written authorization or a power of attorney, signed by you, for the agent to act on your behalf. You may still need to verify your identity directly with us.
The CCPA also allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information in ways that create an opt-out right.
Please see the
Candidate Privacy Policy
for information on how we handle Personal Information Collected with regard to a job application.
Opt-out of Marketing Communications
You  can  opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can do this by following the opt-out link or instructions contained in any such email or by visiting
our website
and following the instructions listed there. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (e.g., postal marketing), please contact us at
privacy@verkada.com
. Please note that it may take a few business days for us to process opt-out requests and we will need to retain your Personal Information on a suppression list to honor your opt-out request.
If you opt-out of receiving marketing emails or promotions, we will still send you service-based emails where requested by you or to service your account and emails to facilitate a transaction.
Third-party Links
The Site contains links to other, third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Privacy Policy, but, instead, is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites.
Where your Personal Information is stored and processed
Your Personal Information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective) and data may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. The Site is primarily hosted in the United States.
By providing your Personal Information to Verkada, you acknowledge the transfer of your information to the United States for storage, use, processing, maintenance, and onward transfer of such information to other entities, regardless of their location. However, such activities will be done in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Third parties that we work with may also process your Personal Information in the U.S. and / or facilitate the transfer of or access to your Personal Information outside of the U.S. We will take steps to require them to process your Personal Information subject to appropriate safeguards (for example, implementing standard contractual clauses where appropriate).
Data Retention
We retain Personal Information we collect from you for the time necessary for the purposes for which it is processed, including where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested) or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements or as otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations.
Children and Minors
The Site and Products are not directed to individuals under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect information from anyone under 18. If you become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us at
privacy@verkada.com.
If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will take steps to delete such information as soon as possible as required under applicable laws.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you consistent with the significance of the changes we make and as required by applicable law. Please check back from time to time to review the current Privacy Policy, which is effective as of the revision date listed above.
How we protect your Personal Information
We use technical and organizational measures to help safeguard your Personal Information
from unauthorized access, use, loss, alteration, destruction, modification or other malicious actions, and take steps to limit access to your Personal Information on a “need to know” basis with those who process it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  We take steps to contractually require our vendors and other third parties with whom we work to protect any Personal Information they process on our behalf.  For more information about our security practices, please visit the
Trust Center
.
How to Contact Us
We encourage your questions and comments about any privacy concerns. Please direct any privacy related questions or comments to
privacy@verkada.com.
Verkada Inc. is a controller from which you buy Products and services (depending on where you are in the world).  It administers and hosts this site, and makes global and strategic decisions about them as the parent company and global HQ.
Verkada Inc. is located at 406 E 3rd Ave, San Mateo, CA 94401
Verkada Limited and VERKADA POLAND SPÓŁKA Z OGRANICZONĄ ODPOWIEDZIALNOŚCIĄ may also be data controllers in their capacity as our European entities which help develop and grow our business locally.
For office addresses of  global Verkada company offices, please see the
directory
of our office locations.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.verkada.com/privacy/candidate-privacy-policy:
Candidate Privacy Policy
Last Revised: 30 April 2024
Download PDF
Verkada Inc.,
and its subsidiaries and affiliates ("Verkada", "we", “our”, or "us") are committed to protecting your privacy rights.  This privacy policy (the “Candidate Privacy Policy”) explains how we handle your Personal Information when you apply to work with us. Verkada Inc., and where relevant the local Verkada subsidiary or affiliate, will each be a controller of your Personal Information and is responsible for deciding how we process and store it.
In this Candidate Privacy Policy, Personal Information means information from which you may be identified directly (from that information alone) or indirectly (when different pieces of information are combined).
This Candidate Privacy Policy does not apply to current Verkada employees and does not form part of any employment contract or contract to provide services. If you provide information to Verkada through or in connection with another company, we are not responsible for that company’s privacy practices. This Candidate Privacy Policy also does not apply to our handling of data gathered about you from your use of our website which is governed by our
Privacy Policy
.
What Personal Information do we collect?
In connection with your job application, we will collect, store and use Personal Information about you including:
information you provided in your CV and accompanying letter, such as your name, contact details, education history, employment history and experience, photo, achievements, visa status;
information regarding how you came to apply for the role;
information you provided on our application form, including name, title, address, telephone number, personal email address, date of birth, gender, education history, employment history, qualifications, degrees or certifications;
our application form may also request role-specific qualifications or experience information;
information from your professional social media account, such as LinkedIn profile picture and contact details;
information relating to your background, including employment and address verification, bank account verification and criminal background checks (as relevant to the role and as appropriate)(see below for more information);
information regarding visa status;
information collected during the reference check and vetting process;
information you provide during an interview including, without limitation, audio or visual information we may collect as part of interviews or other meetings we conduct with you;
information collected as you progress through the recruitment process, such as how you learned about the vacant position, whether you are eligible to work abroad, which passports / visas / work authorizations you hold, any non-compete or non-solicitation obligations, any other areas of potential conflicts of interest; and
your feedback if you choose to provide it.
Depending on geography, subject to your consent and on an entirely voluntary basis, we may also collect, store and use more sensitive Personal Information about your race, ethnicity, veteran and disability status.
How is your Personal Information collected?
We may collect Personal Information about you from the following sources:
yourself;
employees who may refer you for a role;
your current or former colleagues, references or other contacts in your professional network;
third parties, such as a publicly accessible source;
social media companies, such as LinkedIn;
third-party agents, such as recruiters; or
third-party vendors who provide or assist with background checks.
We may also use LinkedIn to actively search for profiles which we think would align to our job vacancies. Some information from your LinkedIn profile will be collected and processed by us if we interact with you through the LinkedIn channel.  If we identify a profile that is interesting to us, we may message you directly on LinkedIn and invite you to interview  for  the vacant position. We may also use LinkedIn Recruiter which allows us access to enhanced features to leverage LinkedIn's networks and reach more potential candidates. If we are already connected with you we may obtain your contact information from your LinkedIn profile, if we are not already connected with you, you will be asked by LinkedIn if you’d like to share your contact information with us (voluntarily) when we reach out to you.
How do we use your Personal Information?
We use your Personal Information to process your application, including to:
assess your skills, qualifications and suitability for the role;
carry out checks from references, your professional network, colleagues from your current or former roles, background vetting (if required);
communicate with you about the recruitment process;
keep records related to our hiring processes;
retain your information for future positions (unless you request that it be deleted);
conduct internal audits and workplace investigations;
perform workforce analytics, data analytics and benchmarking;
evaluate your work authorization in the relevant geography; and
comply with legal or regulatory requirements.
If we determine that you meet the basic requirements to be shortlisted for the role, we will invite you to  interview for the role.  If we decide to offer you the role, we will then take up reference, employment background and other checks before commencing employment.  If you do not provide information necessary for us to consider your application (such as evidence of qualifications or work history), we may not be able to process your application.
We also may use information in an aggregated and/or de-identified way for any purposes, including to monitor application and hiring trends within Verkada.
How we use Sensitive Personal Information
We may use your Sensitive Personal Information (meaning gender, race, national or ethnic origin, veteran or disability status) in the following ways:
to consider whether we need to provide appropriate adjustments or accommodations for you during the recruitment process;
for government reporting purposes (US federal contractor and equal employment opportunity laws require that we ask candidates to volunteer information about their sex, race, ethnicity, veteran and disability status);
to do equal opportunity monitoring and reporting (such information will be collected and stored in de-identified form).
With the exception of work authorization information, you decide whether or not to provide such information–it's entirely voluntary.  Your decision has no impact on our review of your application.
Pre-employment checks and verifications
We work with a third party vendor to carry out various checks and verifications after we have made an offer of employment, and if required, we will ask for your consent to do so. We will provide you with the name of the relevant third party vendor and information about the process via email if your application progresses to the background phase.  The vendor will reach out to you to complete your checks and then you will submit your information directly to the background vendor, currently
Checkr
. Examples of verification and background checks we perform include:
Criminal background checks
Education verification checks (e.g., schools attended, subjects studied, dates of attendance)
Employment verification checks (e.g., dates of employment, positions held)
Vehicle report checks (e.g., class of licence, safety record, legal ability to drive) (where relevant)
Checks against  a global watchlist
Which checks and verifications are carried out will depend on your location and the location of your role.
Where we rely on your consent for these checks and verifications, you can withdraw your  consent at any time. If you do, we will be unable to carry out our background checks.
Recipients of your Personal Information
We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties or agents, including the following:
other companies in our group and affiliates;
third parties or agents to assist in the administration, processing and management of certain activities pertaining to prospective employees;
applicant tracking systems to manage our application process;
individuals or companies employed by Verkada to carry out specific services, functions or consultancy work and other financial institutions;
relatives, references, colleagues, former colleagues or legal representatives of prospective employees;
regulatory bodies, government departments/agencies or courts as required;
other parties with your consent and as permitted by law; and
other support service providers that support us in our recruitment processes.
We may also disclose your Personal Information for legal compliance purposes and to exercise our legal rights, including (1) in response to a legitimate request for assistance by law enforcement, (2) to seek legal advice from our external lawyers, or (3) in connection with litigation or claims of litigation. We may also disclose your Personal Information in connection with the negotiations up to or the actual sale, purchase, or merger of our business.
Where your Personal Information is stored and processed
Your Personal Information may be transferred to and processed in countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective), and data may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances.
By providing your Personal Information to Verkada, you acknowledge the transfer of your information to the United States for storage, use, processing, maintenance, and onward transfer of such information to other entities, regardless of their location.
Third parties that we work with may also process your Personal Information in the U.S. and / or facilitate the transfer of or access to your Personal Information outside of the U.S. We will take steps to require them to process your Personal Information subject to appropriate safeguards (e.g., implementing standard contractual clauses where appropriate).
Data security
We have put in place reasonable and appropriate security measures to help prevent unauthorized access, loss or use of your Personal Information. Employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who access Personal Information are subject to confidentiality obligations.
How long will we keep your Personal Information for?
If your application for employment or engagement is successful, Personal Information gathered during the recruitment process will be retained and additional information will be collected for use in our employee and HR information systems and retained in accordance with our employee privacy notices and employment policy.
If your application for employment or engagement is unsuccessful, we will hold your data on file for up to 2 years (subject to any applicable legal or regulatory obligations to retain such information for a longer period or to defend or exercise legal claims)  to consider you for future positions. You can write to us at any time and request that we no longer keep your information for this purpose by contacting us at
privacy@verkada.com
.
At the end of that period we will securely destroy your Personal Information, unless otherwise required to maintain it by law.
In the event that any of your Personal Information is retained due to court actions or other legal proceedings, it will be deleted after final conclusion of the event as appropriate.
EEA, Switzerland and UK residents
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information
We process the Personal Information we collect to decide whether to enter into a contract of employment or engagement with you.
We may also process your Personal Information in our legitimate interests of reviewing applications, performing data analysis on our applicant pool, or to consider you for future roles. We have taken into account your rights and interests and concluded that our legitimate interests are not overridden by your privacy rights.  If we require consent to process your Personal Information we will notify you of this beforehand.
To aid our recruitment process, we use a tool to scan applications, including resumes, for certain objective requirements of the role  (e.g., educational degrees, professional certifications, years of experience) determined by us, not the tool.  Candidates who do not meet the requirements will not be advanced to the next phase of our recruitment process, as we would not be able to consider you for employment if you did not meet the predetermined criteria.  You may challenge our decision and request a review by a talent acquisition team member by contacting us at
privacy@verkada.com
.
Your rights in connection with Personal Information
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access
to your Personal Information (commonly known as a "data subject access request") to receive a copy of the Personal Information we hold about you.
Request correction
of the Personal Information that we hold about you.
Request erasure (or deletion)
of your Personal Information where there is no lawful basis for us to continue to process it or where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing
of your Personal Information where you believe we do not have a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Information, or you object to our processing of it for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing
of your Personal Information to suspend our processing of Personal Information.
Request the transfer
of your Personal Information to another party.
If you want to exercise your rights, please contact
privacy@verkada.com
.
Where we have relied on consent to process your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting
privacy@verkada.com
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (EU list found
here
; UK
Information Commissioner
) if you are unhappy with how your Personal Information is being handled.
Data transfers outside the EEA, Switzerland and the UK
Verkada has implemented safeguards to help ensure an adequate level of data protection where your Personal Information is transferred outside of the EEA and UK, with our third party service providers and partners (e.g., implementing standard contractual clauses where appropriate).
California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to disclose information regarding the categories of personal information and sensitive personal information that we have collected about California consumers, the categories of sources from which the information was collected, the business or commercial purposes (as those terms are defined by applicable law) for which the information was collected, and the categories of parties to whom we disclose personal information. As used in this section, “personal information” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA.
Throughout this Candidate Privacy Policy, we describe the specific pieces of personal information and sensitive personal information we collect, the sources of that information, and how we share it. Under the CCPA, we also have to provide you with the "categories" of personal information and sensitive personal information we collect and disclose for “business or commercial purposes” (as those terms are defined by the CCPA).
In the twelve months leading up to the effective date of this Candidate Privacy Policy, we have collected and disclosed the categories of personal information described in “What Personal Information do we collect?” The categories of personal information are:
identifiers, such as name, address, and email address;
professional/employment-related information, such as your employment history;
education information, such as your education history;
potentially legally protected classification information such as race or ethnicity;
disability information, such as health conditions;
audio or visual information, such as security footage, as well as other information relating to the security of our premises collected during in-person interviews or other parts of the recruitment process, and photographs or videos submitted;
background check information;
inference data about you, such as if we derive information about your role within a company; and
other information that directly or indirectly identifies you.
Except where you provide such information voluntarily, such as on your resume or in your application, we do not require you to provide us with “sensitive personal information” during the recruitment process. You may voluntarily provide us with the following categories of sensitive personal information: (1) racial or ethnic origin; (2) disability status; and (3) other sensitive information.
We process the categories of personal information identified above for the purposes described above in “How do we use your personal information?”
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the sources identified in “How is your Personal Information collected?”
We describe our information disclosure practices in more detail in the section above on “Recipients of Your Personal Information.”
California residents have certain rights regarding their personal information. Subject to certain exceptions, if you are a California resident, you may request:
access to your personal information, including the right to know the categories of personal information we have or will collect about you and the reason we will or have collected such information;
correction of the personal information that we have or will hold about you that is inaccurate;
deletion or removal of your personal information.
You also have the right not to be discriminated against (as provided for in California law) for exercising your rights.
Exceptions to Your Rights: There are certain exceptions to these above rights. For instance, we may retain your personal information if it is reasonably necessary for us or our vendors to provide a service that you have requested or to comply with law or to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Exercising Your Rights: To exercise one of the rights above, you may contact us at
privacy@verkada.com
.
We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include requesting information so we can identify you within our records. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. To do so, you must provide us with written authorization or a power of attorney, signed by you, for the agent to act on your behalf. You may still need to verify your identity directly with us.
California law places certain obligations on businesses that “sell” personal information to third parties or “share” personal information with third parties for “cross-context behavioral advertising” as those terms are defined under the CCPA. We do not “sell” or “share” the personal information covered by this Candidate Privacy Policy and have not done so in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Candidate Privacy Policy.
The CCPA also allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information in ways that create an opt-out right.
Updates to this Candidate Privacy Policy
We may update this Candidate Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Candidate Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make and as required by applicable law. Please check back from time to time to review the current Candidate Privacy Policy which is effective as of the revision date listed below.
Contact Us
If you require any further clarification regarding this Candidate Privacy Policy, please contact
privacy@verkada.com
or our People Team using the contact details provided to you as part of your application.
Verkada Inc. is a data controller of applicant and employee information in its role as parent company that makes strategic employment decisions.
If you are located in the EEA, UK or Switzerland, Verkada Limited and VERKADA POLAND SPÓŁKA Z OGRANICZONĄ ODPOWIEDZIALNOŚCIĄ may also be data controllers in their capacity as our European entities which help review and administer our recruitment process. In other cases, the local Verkada entity that would be your employer if your application is successful will also make decisions with regard to your application.
For office addresses of  global Verkada company offices, please see the
directory
of our office locations.