PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy describes STAR HEALTH policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of our information when you use the service and informs you of your privacy rights and how the applicable law protects you. This policy is applicable to all the employees of Star Health, its suppliers, vendors, and other internal and external interested parties who have direct or indirect access to the any type of information pertaining to Star Health. At STAR HEALTH we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal data that you provide and any other information that you share with us, which allows us to provide you with the best possible experience during your visit to our website.
Earning and maintaining customer trust is core to what we do, STAR HEALTH is truly committed to transparency in our privacy practices. Any personal information disclosed to us will be processed only to the extent of your consent and we invite you to engage with us in complete trust.
We use your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you consent to the collection and use of information (personal, sensitive) will be in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This policy shall be read with STAR HEALTH website usage terms and conditions and the cookie policy due to their interconnectivity and interdependence.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for you to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Company
(referred to as either “STAR HEALTH”, "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Star Health & Allied Insurance Co. Pvt. Ltd.
Cookies
are small files that are placed on your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of your browsing history on that website among its many uses. These are also known as browser cookies or tracking cookies, they are small, often encrypted text files, located in the browser of your device(s). These cookies facilitate us in making your navigation across STAR HEALTH website smoother and personalized to perform certain functions. Due to cookies’ core role of enhancing/enabling usability or website processes, disabling cookies may prevent you from using some of our website functionalities.
Country
refers to: India and by reference means Chennai or Tamil Nadu based on context.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cell phone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person (i.e. you, the customer / visitor of this website) that can be used to distinguish or trace such individual’s identity, such as First Name, Last Name, Spouse Name, PAN Number, Aadhaar Number, date and place of birth, mother’s maiden name, or biometric records; and any other information that is linkable to you as an individual and not limited to information such as medical, educational, financial, and employment information. Commonly used synonyms are personal information, personally identifying information, personally identifiable information (PII) or personal/protected medical and/ or health Information (PHI).
Service
refers to the Website and is a collective term for all the services we offer on this website as you navigate through it. While all the information is free to access, we will ask you to provide us with your personal data in order for us to cater to any specific services required like payment of insurance premium or to any downloadable resources.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of STAR HEALTH. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by STAR HEALTH to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist STAR HEALTH in analysing how the Service is used.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Website
refers to STAR HEALTH, accessible from
www.starhealth.in
You
mean the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected Personal Data
While using STAR HEALTH Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
First name and Last name
Email address
Phone number / mobile numbers
Address, State, ZIP/Postal code, City
Aadhaar, DL , PAN number etc.
Any professional information
Any health information
Website Usage Data
Sensitive Personal Data or Information
While using STAR HEALTH Services, sensitive personal data or information of a person means such personal information which consists of information relating to
Password
Financial information such as bank account, credit card, debit card or other payment instrument details
Physical, physiological and mental health condition
Sexual orientation
Medical records and history
Biometric information
Any detail relating to the above clauses as provided to STAR HEALTH for providing service and
Any of the information received under above clauses to STAR HEALTH for processing, stored or processed under lawful contract or otherwise
Provided that, any information that is freely available or accessible in public domain or furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any other law for the time being in effect shall not be regarded as sensitive personal data or information for the purposes of above.
Usage Data or browsing data.
Usage Data is collected automatically by the web browser when using STAR HEALTH Service(s). This is in addition to the specific information about yourself as provided on the website.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device. We also acquire the following additional technical information:
Domain names of computers you use when you use our services.
URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) addresses of resources your web browser requests.
The time of the request.
The method used by your web browser to submit the request to the server.
The size of the file obtained in the response.
The numerical code indicating the status of the response from the server (successful, error, etc.); and
Other parameters related to the operating system you use.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse Our Service. The technologies we use may include:
Cookies or Browser Cookies.
A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept Cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.
Web Beacons.
Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).
Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:
Necessary / Essential Cookies
Type: Session Cookies
Administered by: STAR HEALTH
Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide you with services available through the Website and to enable you to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes and do not remember where you have been on the Internet. Without these Cookies, the services that you have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these Cookies to provide you with those services.
Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: STAR HEALTH.
Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.
Functionality Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: STAR HEALTH.
Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices you make when you use the Website, such as remembering your login details, language and any other preference you make or have made. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website. At any time during your visit, you have the choice to disable them, however, be aware that by doing so any preferences you might have set up would be lost.
To know more about cookies, you may kindly visit :
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Use of Your Personal Data
STAR HEALTH may use Personal Data and may share with our affiliate partners for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service,
including to monitor the usage of our Service.
For the performance of a contract:
the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services you have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You:
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers:
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes:
We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
Retention of Your Personal Data
STAR HEALTH will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Star Health will collect financial information such as credit card number and expiration date through the payment gateway of the credit card company or the internet banking service of your bank, but Star Health does not store these information in our database.
STAR HEALTH will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes after anonymizing and removing all linkages with user. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data (including sensitive data), is processed at STAR HEALTH's operating offices and in any other places where the affiliates or associated service providers involved in the processing are located.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
STAR HEALTH will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If STAR HEALTH is involved in any financial transaction of its core assets by means of merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will intimate on our corporate main page by a notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, STAR HEALTH may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
STAR HEALTH may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation.
Protect and defend the rights or property of STAR HEALTH
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability.
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us. Star Health will implement the security practices, procedures, principles and standards as per Information Security Policy of the Company in line with the best practices, standards and prevailing regulations around Information Security in compliance.
Consent for Aadhaar Number based KYC
By sharing your Aadhaar number, you hereby consent to Star Health Insurance’s collection, usage and storage of your Aadhaar number, Virtual ID, e-Aadhaar, XML copy, Masked Aadhaar, demographic information, identity information, Aadhaar registered mobile number, Aadhaar registered address, date of birth; as per applicable laws/regulations (may collectively be known as - “Aadhaar Information”) for the following purposes:
KYC and any related processes for the purpose of establishing your identity using Aadhaar information by authentication / verification / identification as per the acceptable regulatory laws for the provisioning of insurance services;
Collecting, sharing, storing, preserving Aadhaar Information, maintaining records and using the Aadhaar Information and authentication / verification / identification records for the informed purposes above as well as for regulatory and legal reporting and filings and/or where required as per the applicable laws.
Aadhaar numbers so collected shall be kept protected in an encrypted format and stored in an Aadhaar vault as per the prescribed regulatory guidelines, to be used as necessitated for the informed purposes as stated above in accordance within the permissible regulatory framework guidelines.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Android Health Connect
We use the Android Health Connect SDK from Google (more information can be found
here
), i.e. an open platform that allows users to control their fitness data. We process and collect the step, activity, and sleep data through the Health Connect SDK with the user's consent.
After connecting to Health Connect, the user can see his/her step data in a graphical format, and the app automatically collects step data from Health Connect. Data is collected until the user either turns off the step counter functionality, logs out of his/her user account in the app or deletes the app.
We handle Health Connect data following Google Services User Data Policy.
Health Connect and Apple Health Data
a. Collection and Usage of Health Data:
We value the privacy and security of our users. Star Health mobile Wellness application requests access to health-related permissions, specifically the ability to read steps, calories burned, heart rate, and oxygen saturation . This data is collected for the sole purpose of enhancing the user experience and providing features related to health and fitness. Data received from Health connect and Apple health platform will not be used for sale and will not be shared with any third party without specific consent from the user.
b. Purpose of Health Data Access:
Star Health Wellness app utilizes health-related permissions to track daily steps, calories burned, heart rate, oxygen saturation. This data is processed locally on the user's device and is not shared with any third parties.
c. User Consent:
By using Star Health Wellness app, you explicitly consent to the collection and usage of health-related data for the purposes outlined in this privacy policy. You have the option to grant or deny these permissions within the app settings.
d. Security Measures:
We implement robust security measures to protect the confidentiality and integrity of health-related data. This includes secure storage and we are using https throughout the Star Health Wellness app for secure connection. We implement industry-standard technical and organizational measures by using a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your data from unauthorized access, use, loss, destruction or disclosure. When we collect particularly sensitive data (such as your password), it is encrypted using industry-standard cryptographic techniques including but not limited to AES256.
The collection, storage, usage, and sharing of your data by the Company shall be in compliance with the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 and other applicable laws.
e. Data Retention:
We retain health-related data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy. Users can request the deletion of their data by e-mailing it to
wellness@starhealth.in
f. Third-Party Services:
Star Health Wellness app does not share health-related data with any third-party services, advertisers, or external entities. We do not engage in the sale or exchange of user data.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update Our Privacy Policy at any time and publish the updated policy on our corporate main page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
The Management Team along with respective stakeholders at Star Health ensures that our privacy policy aligns with the guidelines mandated by the sector regulators and other governing authorities in India.
If you have any concerns and queries related to your information, please don't hesitate to contact us at
support@starhealth.in
Face Scan
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using our face scan function for vital health parameter analysis. By using this service, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions:
1. Consent and Authorization
By using our face scan service, you consent to the collection and analysis of your facial data for the purpose of identifying health parameters, including heart rate, stress level, oxygen saturation, and more.
2. Data Privacy and Security
We prioritise the privacy and security of your data. Your facial scan data will be stored securely and treated in accordance with our privacy policy.
3. Accuracy of Results
The health parameter results generated by the face scan are for informational purposes only. They should not be considered a substitute for professional medical advice. Consult a healthcare professional for any health concerns.
The health parameter results generated by a face scan are based on a variety of factors, including the person`s age, gender, ethnicity, and facial features. These results can be used to estimate a person`s overall health, but they should not be considered a substitute for professional medical advice
Star health allied insurance and co. is not liable for any damages arising from the use of any results.
4. Age Restriction
This service is intended for individuals aged 18 and above. If you are under 18, please do not use this service.
5. Data Retention
We will retain your facial scan data for as outlined in our privacy policy to show the user for scan history.
6. Limited Liability
We do not assume any liability for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the health parameter results obtained through this service.
7. Consent Revocation
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. To do so, please contact our customer support.
8. Compliance with Laws
You agree to use this service in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in your jurisdiction.
9. Updates and Modifications
These terms and conditions may be updated or modified at our discretion. Please check this page periodically for any changes.
10. Contact Information
For questions or concerns about these terms and conditions or our face scanning service, please contact our customer support. By using our face scan service, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to these terms and conditions
11. Non-Medical Disclaimer
This is a software/AI based assessment and should not be used as a substitute for professional medical advice.