Global Worldwide Inc. Privacy Policy
Last Updated February 1, 2024
I.
Introduction to Our Privacy Policy – Our Commitment to Privacy
          Principles
Global Worldwide Inc. ("we," “us,” “our,” or "GWW")
        is serious about games. And we are serious about your privacy and data
        rights. We are committed to maintaining a relationship of trust and
        transparency with you. This Privacy Policy is written in plain language
        to make it easy to understand how we collect, use, store, and share
        information that is identifiable to you ("Personal Data") when
        you access our websites, mobile applications, games, forums, or other
        services (collectively the "Service(s)"). When you use a
        Service, you consent to each of the collections, uses and disclosures of
        information (including recording and tracking) described in this Privacy
        Policy. Please read it carefully.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY
        POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY SERVICE.
II.
What Information/Personal Data Do We Collect?
A. Information You Provide to Us Directly. When you interact with a GWW
        owned website, or download the Service from “Social Network(s)” – which
        is what we call in this Privacy Policy a social media network /
        third-party app store (including Facebook, Apple iTunes, Google Play
        etc.) -- we will collect and store information from you directly as
        described below, to the extent it is available to us.  We collect
        the information that you give us, that may include your:
Name
E-mail address
GWW account information, such as unique user-name, ID or avatar
Your ID from various Social Networks
We may also offer you the option to complete a user profile that is
          visible to other Service users. Your user profile may include: an
          avatar; one or more Service username(s); other optional data.
Limited payment or billing records from Social Network(s) where your
          Service-related transactions may occur
Your messages to us or the Services (chat logs, customer support
          requests)
Information that helps us verify it’s actually you, prevent fraud,
          develop and improve our Services
B. Automatically Collected Information. We collect other information
        automatically from your device through cookies and other means (SDKs, 
        tracking pixels etc.) when you use our Services, including, to the
        extent it is available:
IP Address
General Location Data Device information (such as device type, model,
          operating system, browser version, or unique device identifiers for
          checking device compatibility and IDFA or GAID)
IDFA means Identifier for Advertisers on Apple and GAID means Google
          Advertising Identity. These unique identifiers are non-permanent and
          non-personal, meaning they do not contain sensitive information about
          you but does allow for consistency across all apps and cross-app
          tracking. You can opt-out of sharing your device identifier by
          updating the settings on your device.
Service communications (in-game messages, chat logs)
Connection type
C. Information Given to Us by Third Parties. We may be given access to
        certain information collected from you by third parties, including
        Social Networks, through your use of such third party’s services,
        websites, applications, or other services.
D. We will create and assign to your device an identifier that is
        similar to an account number. We may also collect / associate the
        following information about you,
to the extent it is available:
Device type; model; operating system; memory; storage;
Country, region, city (determined by IP address);
User name;
Language;
When you use our Services, we will collect information about the ways in
        which you use and interact with our Services, such as when and for how
        long your device is logged into our games, game features you access and
        other players you interact with, in-app purchases you make, progress or
        levels you achieve, and other gameplay activities.
We also collect pseudonymous usage statistics about your interactions
        with the Service. This information is typically collected through the
        use of server log files or web log files, mobile device software
        development kits and tracking technologies like browser cookies to
        collect and analyze certain types of technical information. Some of the
        cookies the Service places on your computer are linked to your user ID
        number(s).
E.
Information Gathered
Through your participation in Communities
When you use the Service, you will get access to the online gaming
        community within the Service which gives you the opportunity to
        communicate or share information not just with us, but also with other
        users of our Service through:
Participating in player forums and message boards;
Posting public comments to other users’ profiles or game boards;
Sending private messages or invitations to other users in the Service
Chat with other users; and
When you participate in online gaming communities in the ways described
        above, we access and store information / Personal Data about you. The
        information we store varies by application and is affected by the
        privacy settings you and your friends establish in that application. You
        can control and find out more about these settings within the
        application. We will collect the following information:
Your in-Service username;
Your device advertiser ID;
Depending on how you log into the Services, Facebook User ID;
The IP address of your access devices;
Your in-game chats and messages; and
F.
Payment information
We will also collect some purchase information (which is comprised of
        transaction history, including what you have purchased, the price, and
        the date). Note that your in-app purchase transactions are processed by
        third-party payment processors, such as Apple (for purchases on iOS
        devices), Google (for purchases on Android devices). These third-party
        payment processors do not share your financial information, like credit
        card numbers, with us.
G.
Customer Support correspondence
When you ask for assistance from our Customer Support team, we will
        collect and store:
Your name (if provided) and e-mail address;
Information about your activity on the Service;
Your user name or ID number; and
Any correspondence connected to the assistance provided to you
H.
Information we Never Collect
.  We do not collect any
        "special categories” of information from or about you. That is
        racial data or information regarding ethnic origin, sexual practices or
        orientation, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs,
        union membership, or health data etc.
III.
How and Why Do We Use this Information / Personal Data?
We use your Personal Data and non-personal information to:
A. Provide you with our Services.
Communicate with you according to your preferences, and our Terms of
          Service.
Operate, develop, maintain, and improve our Services.
Provide customer support for the Services.
Resolve disputes and enforce our Terms of Service.
Make special/promotional in-game offers available to you
Track fees, payments, and other amounts due in connection with the
          Services.
Enable you to connect with other players.
Create a user account to use the Services.
Provide you with the appropriate version of the Services, including in
          your preferred language.
Identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs and service errors.
Develop new services.
B. Secure our Services.
Identify and/or prevent fraud.
Identify and/or prevent Terms of Service violations, illegal
          activities or cheating.
Verify user identities for customer support communications.
Monitor, ensure and enhance the security of our network and
          information systems.
C. Personalize our Services or Offer Promotions.
Provide you with notices, personalized game and other offers.
Communicate with you regarding your areas of interest and respond to
          your requests.
Serve, optimize and measure the effectiveness of our marketing
          campaigns.
Perform analytics for internal marketing and demographic studies to
          develop, improve or personalize the Services.
Save, track your game attributes, progress and stats.
D. Legal/Other.
Comply with legal obligations.
Exercise, establish, or defend our Terms of Service and other legal
          rights.
Instances in which we have a good faith belief of a need to protect
          the safety, financial or important interest of you, us or any other
          person.
IV.
Who Do We Share this Information / Personal Data With?
Except as described below, we will not share your Personal Data with
        unaffiliated third parties without your consent. However, we may share
        non-Personal Data, including anonymized, aggregated, or pseudonymized
        data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may share your
        information, including Personal Data to third parties in the following
        instances:
A. Third Party Service Providers. We may contract with third parties to
        collect or process your information or Personal Data on our behalf to
        provide the Services such as hosting providers to store the Personal
        Data you provide and for disaster recovery services, as well as for the
        performance of any contract we enter into with you, email delivery
        services, and analytics companies. Our agreements with such third
        parties require them to protect the confidentiality and security of your
        Personal Data and information in line with this Privacy Policy. We do
        not share Personal Information with any third parties so they can market
        to you, without your consent.
B. GWW Affiliated Companies. We may share your information amongst our
        subsidiaries, parents, or affiliated companies to deliver and/or improve
        our Services.
C. A Successor of Acquiring Third Party. If GWW is merged with a third
        party, acquired, purchased (in full or in part), experiences a
        divestiture, reorganization, bankruptcy, or similar event, information
        collected under this Privacy Policy may be shared with such third party.
        We will notify you if this happens.
D. As Required by Law. We may disclose Personal Data if we have a good
        faith belief we are obliged to do so to:
Comply with a legal obligation.
Protect and defend the rights or property of GWW, users of the
          Services, or others.
Protect the personal safety, financial or vital interest of users of
          the Services or the public.
Protect against legal liability.
Monitor compliance with & enforce our Terms of Service, policies,
          or forum/community rules.
Respond to lawful request by public authorities, including national
          security or law enforcement agencies.
V.
How do we Store and Protect Your Personal Data?
A. Protecting your Personal Data. We implement reasonable security
        measures to protect the security of your information both online and
        offline, and we are committed to the protection of customer information.
        While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches
        of our Services and our customer databases and records, we cannot
        guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other
        breaches will never occur. Unfortunately, the transmission of
        information over the Internet is not completely secure. Although we
        strive to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security
        of your data while it is being transmitted to our site; any transmission
        is at your own risk. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal
        information safe (including your account password), and to log out of
        your account after use. If your account is hacked, this may lead to
        unauthorized access to your account, so please keep your account
        information secure.
B. Storing your Personal Data. Personal Data we collect, is shared with
        us, or is processed under this Privacy Policy may be stored in the
        United States or any other country in which we, our
        subsidiaries/affiliates, or third-party service providers operate,
        including through the use of cloud storage. By using the Services, you
        consent to the transfer of your Personal Data and non-Personal Data to
        the United States and other countries which may not offer the same level
        of privacy protections as the laws in your country of residence or
        citizenship.  As a result, your information could be accessed by foreign
        governmental authorities, or otherwise, in accordance with applicable
        local laws.
VI.
Your Privacy Controls
You have control over the collection and use of your Personal Data. You
        may at any time access or correct your Personal Data, restrict
        collection or processing of your Personal Data, and in some cases,
        request the deactivation or permanent deletion of your Personal Data. To
        request access, correction, restriction, deactivation, or deletion of
        your Personal Data, contact us at privacy@globalworldwide.com. Before we
        process any request, we may ask that you verify your identity to protect
        your privacy. This may include communication via the Services platform
        or other methods of identity verification.
Requests that are unverified, unreasonable or impractical may be
        rejected, consistent with our legal obligations. To protect your
        account, requests for deactivation or deletion of Personal Data require
        additional verification, which may include a temporary suspension of
        your account and the Services. Once requests for deactivation or
        deletion are processed, they are permanent, and the Personal Data and
        account cannot be restored.
“Do Not Track” / “Global Privacy Control”
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”) is a privacy preference that players can set
        in certain web browsers. Additionally, some browsers or plug-ins use a
        “Global Privacy Control” (“
GPC
”), which you can learn more about
        at
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar
        mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
However,
if our
        site detects a GPC signal from your device, we will interpret it as a
        request to opt out of selling or sharing your personal information and
        to opt out of targeted advertising under applicable state law. We will
        also interpret it as a request to limit the sale or sharing of personal
        information for targeted advertising for residents of the European
        Economic Area, the UK, and Brazil.
VII.
Children Under Age 13
Our Services are not directed, or intended to be attractive, to children
        under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data, personal
        information, photos, videos, audio files, or location data of or from
        children under the age of 13 or knowingly use persistent identifiers to
        recognize children under the age of 13 over time and across different
        websites or online services.
If you are under the age of 13, do not use our Services and do not
            submit any information to us
. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's
        Internet usage and to help enforce this Privacy Policy by instructing
        their children under the age of 13 never to use our Services. If you
        have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided
        Personal Data or personal information to GWW through our Services,
        please contact us at privacy@globalworldwide.com, and we will take steps
        to delete that information from our databases as soon as possible.
VIII.
Third Party Privacy Policies & Practices / Social Networks
This Privacy Policy applies only to Personal Data and information
        collected by GWW through your use of our Services. Third-party websites
        may be accessible through links when using our Services. These
        third-party websites are governed by their own privacy policies, and we
        are not liable or responsible for any content appearing on those
        websites or any privacy or security practices for those websites.  To
        manage the information GWW receives about you from Social Networks, you
        will need to follow the instructions at that site for updating your
        information and changing your privacy settings. The privacy management
        tools for applications on Apple can be found at
        http://www.apple.com/privacy/manage-your-privacy/. The privacy
        management tools for Google can be found at
        https://www.google.com/safetycenter/everyone/start/. You can manage
        certain aspects of information collection and use by going to the
        settings of your (mobile) device and reviewing the permissions of
        each application.
Once GWW receives your information from Social Networks, that
        information is stored and used by GWW in accordance with this Privacy
        Policy, and you may access and update that information as described
        below. Service or other accounts created with GWW are considered active
        until we receive a user request to delete them or deactivate them.
§
Google Analytics
. For more information about how Google uses
        your personal information (including for its own purposes, e.g., for
        profiling or linking it to other information), please visit
Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy
. To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your
        information, please click
here
.
IX.
Data Retention / Effect of Deletion Requests
We strive to retain only as much Personal Data as is necessary. When
        Personal Data is no longer required under this Privacy Policy, we will
        periodically delete it or de-identify it. When it is not commercially
        reasonable to delete or de-identify your Personal Data, we will remove
        your Personal Data from processing and securely store it until we are
        able to permanently delete it.  Please note that we may retain
        information needed for legal and accounting purposes, to resolve
        disputes, enforce our user agreements, protect our legal rights, and
        comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints. For
        example, we may retain records pertaining to payments or customer
        service matters.  If you have sent or posted content on the
        Service, we may not be able to delete it.  Complete and effective
        deletion may require actions on your part such as uninstalling /
        deleting content related to the Service from your device and/or removing
        / de-linking the Service from your Social Network(s) account(s).  Please
        note that if ask us to delete your account all your progress in the game
        and any unused virtual goods will be lost to you and we will not be able
        to restore them in the future.  However, results and artifacts from your
        in-game play, e.g. kingdoms, bases, characters etc. may remain live in
        the game even after your account and/or personal information has been
        deleted or dissociated from the game.
X.
European Countries’ Users
If you are located in a country in the EEA, the United Kingdom, or
        Switzerland,, we rely upon the following bases when processing
        your Personal Data:
Contractual Necessity. This covers data used by us in order to
          provide you with Services that you have requested - and that we have
          agreed - to provide to you, such as our games, customer services, and
          chat functionality;
Legal Obligation. This covers data used by us to comply with
          legal obligations, such as to maintain records relating to tax or to
          respond to valid legal requests for certain data;
·
Consent. In cases where we process data based on your consent, we
        will ask for your explicit consent.  You may withdraw consent at
        any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of
        your Personal Data prior to such withdrawal.  While you can
        withdraw your consent or object to certain types of processing at any
        time, please note that if you continue to access the Service we will
        still collect some Personal Data about you and process it as otherwise
        described in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not want us to collect
        any Personal Data about you at all, you should cease all game play and
        stop using our Services.
Legitimate Interests. This covers data used by us for purposes
          that can be reasonably expected with your use of our Services and that
          we do not believe are adverse to your privacy, such as  analytics
          to understand how our users access and navigate our website and apps,
          to keep our website and apps safe and secure, research and
          optimization of the Services, to provide a more personalized
          experience etc.
XI.  European Countries Users’ Rights
If you are located in the EEA, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, you
        have certain rights in relation to the Personal Data we hold about you,
        but which are subject to exemptions under applicable data privacy laws.
        Some of these only apply in certain circumstances as explained below. In
        connection with your exercising your rights, we may require you to
        verify your identity. We will respond to a request by you to exercise
        those rights without undue delay and within one month. To exercise any
        of your outlined rights, please send an email to
        privacy@globalworldwide.com.
We may decline to process requests in certain circumstances, such as
        where requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive requests, or requests
        that may jeopardize the privacy of others.
A
.
Deletion
In some circumstances, you may request that we delete some of your
        Personal Data.  Should you wish to have your personal information
        deleted, please contact us at privacy@globalworldwide.com.
To effectively process your request, you must delete GWW games from your
        mobile devices and clear related cookies from any device where you have
        played GWW games. When we delete any information, it will be deleted
        from our active databases but may remain in our archives.  Please
        note, however, we may still retain some or all of that information for
        other purposes such as maintaining financial records, protecting or
        enforcing legal rights, maintaining marketing suppression lists or for
        technical reasons such as maintaining technical security or our database
        integrity. We may also retain your information in an
        anonymized form.  See “Data Retention Impact of Deletion” above for
        more information about requests for deletion.
B.
Access and portability
You have a right to know what information we hold about you, subject to
        certain legal exceptions. If you wish to exercise this right please
        contact us at privacy@globalworldwide.com and let us know that you wish
        to exercise your right of access and precisely what information you are
        requesting. We may not be able to provide all the information you ask
        for in certain cases, for example if the information includes personal
        information about another person.
You may request the data we process based on consent or to perform our
        contract with you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable
        format or to request we transfer such Personal Data to another
        party.  GWW is not responsible for the security of the Personal
        Data or its processing once received by the third party.
We also may not provide you with certain data if providing it would
        interfere with another’s rights (e.g. where providing the Personal Data
        we hold about you would reveal information about another person or our
        trade secrets or intellectual property) as permitted under applicable
        data protection rights.
C.
Correction
You have the right to correct any Personal Data we have that is
        inaccurate. Where you request correction, please explain in detail why
        you believe the Personal Data we hold about you to be inaccurate or
        incomplete so that we can assess whether a correction is required.
D.
Restriction of Processing
You have a right to require us to stop processing the Personal Data we
        hold about you other than for storage purposes in certain circumstances,
        e.g. while we are considering whether it should be corrected or deleted
        or, based on your objection, whether we should permanently stop
        processing. Please note, however, that if we stop processing the
        Personal Data, we may use it again if there are valid grounds for us to
        do so (e.g. for the defense of legal claims or for
        another’s protection).
E.
Objection
You have the right to object to our processing of data about you other
        than where required to perform under our Terms of Service, e.g. in order
        to send you promotions and special offers marketing.
You also have the right to object to our processing of data about you by
        emailing us at privacy@globalworldwide.com if we are processing the data
        we hold about you on the basis of our legitimate interest and you object
        to such processing.  Please provide us with detail as to your
        reasoning so that we can assess whether there is a compelling overriding
        interest in us continuing to process such data or we need to process it
        in relation to legal claims.
F.
Complaints
If you wish to make a complaint about how we process your Personal Data,
        please contact us at privacy@globalworldwide.com and we will endeavor to
        respond to your concerns. You always retain your right to launch a claim
        with the data protection supervisory authority in the EU country in
        which you live or work where you think we have infringed data
        protection laws.
You may also have the right to make a GDPR complaint to the
            relevant Supervisory Authority. A list of Supervisory Authorities is
            available here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
XIII. EU / UK Representation
EU Representative: We are based in the United States and as such
            under Article 27 of the GDPR we are required to provide a contact
            that will act as our representative should you wish to contact us.
            You can contact our Representative to exercise your rights under the
            GDPR or to discuss any sort of data protection issue relating to our
            company. Our nominated EU Representative is:
Instant EU GDPR Representative Ltd.
Adam Brogden
contact@gdprlocal.com
Tel +35315549700
INSTANT EU GDPR REPRESENTATIVE LTD
Office 2,
12A Lower Main Street, Lucan Co. Dublin
K78 X5P8
Ireland
____________________
Our UK Representative:
Under Article 27 of the UK Data Privacy Act, we have appointed a UK
            Representative to act as our data protection agent.
Our nominated UK Representative is: GDPR Local Ltd.
Adam Brogden
contact@gdprlocal.com
Tel +44 1772 217800
1st Floor Front Suite
27-29 North Street, Brighton
England
For more information about your rights please refer to:
            https://gdpr-info.eu/chapter-3/
We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for
            sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other
            than our agents,
or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was
            originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to
            limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please
            submit a written request to
privacy@globalworldwide.com
.
International data transfer
Your personal information might be transferred to a country outside the
        EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, including, but not limited to,
        the United States or other countries, which may have data protection
        laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to
        safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of
        applicable laws.
If we transfer personal information which originates in the EEA,
        Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom to a country that has not been
        found to provide an adequate level of protection under applicable data
        protection laws, one of the safeguards we may use to support such
        transfer is the EU Standard Contractual Clauses or similar contractual
        safeguards, and, if necessary, the implementation of further technical
        and organizational measures.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in
        response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
        national security or law enforcement requirements.  By using the Service
        you are consenting to, and accepting the risks associated with the
        transfer of your Personal Data and non-personal data to the United
        States and other countries which may not offer the same level of privacy
        protections as the laws in your country of residence or
        citizenship.  As a result, your information could be accessed by
        U.S. and other foreign governmental agencies and authorities, or
        otherwise, in accordance with applicable local laws including local
        laws authorizing mass and/or covert digital surveillance.
XIV.
Additional Information for Residents of California,
        Virginia, Connecticut, Utah, and Colorado
Information We Collect, Use, and Disclose
All sources of personal information collected are noted in the
        “Information We May Collect and How We Collect It” section above and
        retained pursuant to “Data Retention” above. The purposes for our
        collection of this information are described in “How We Use Information”
        above.
In the past 12 months, we have disclosed (or have enabled you to
        disclose) the following categories of personal information to third
        parties for business or commercial purposes:
CATEGORY
CATEGORIES OF PARTIES TO WHOM INFORMATION IS DISCLOSED
CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES TO WHOM INFORMATION IS SOLD AND/OR
                SHARED
Identifiers and contact information, including first and last
              name, email address, phone number, home address or shipping
              address, and your friends’ names and contact information.
Vendors, such as cloud service providers (such as our email
              service providers and cloud-based survey and customer service
              tools we use) and payment processors. Affiliates for purposes of
              business operations and support.
N/A
Identifiers such as username or handle, third party service ID, IP
              address, unique device identifier, advertising identifier, device
              serial number.
Vendors, such as cloud service providers (such as our email
              service providers and cloud-based survey and customer service
              tools we use) and payment processors. Affiliates for purposes of
              business operations and support. Other players in multiplayer
              games (username only).
Analytics providers
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as
              hardware model, device software platform/OS and firmware, mobile
              carrier, preferred languages, device motion information, and
              mobile network information, and in some cases, browser type,
              Internet service provider, referring/exit pages and URLs, and
              clickstream information.
Vendors, such as cloud service providers (such as our email
              service providers and cloud-based survey and customer service
              tools we use). Affiliates for purposes of business operations and
              support.
Analytics providers.
Commercial information, such as information regarding in-game
              purchase payment method.
Vendors, such as cloud service providers (including cloud-based
              customer service and survey tools we use), payment processors, and
              business partners. Affiliates for purposes of business operations
              and support.
N/A
Commercial information, such as information regarding in-game
              purchase events and value of purchases.
Vendors, such as cloud service providers (including cloud-based
              customer service and survey tools we use), payment processors, and
              business partners. Affiliates for purposes of business operations
              and support.
N/A
Demographic information, such as your gender, age, date of birth,
              and language. Visual information, such as your profile picture and
              the profile pictures of your friends or contacts.
Vendors, such as cloud service providers (including cloud-based
              customer service and survey tools we use).Affiliates for purposes
              of business operations and support. Service providers that enable
              image functionality on our behalf. Affiliates for purposes of
              business operations and support. Other players, depending on your
              sharing preferences.
N/A
Visual information, such as your profile picture and the profile
              pictures of your friends or contacts.
Service providers that enable image functionality on our behalf.
              Affiliates for purposes of business operations and support. Other
              players, depending on your sharing preferences.
N/A
Non-precise geolocation information.
Vendors, such as cloud service providers (such as our email
              service providers and cloud-based survey and customer service
              tools we use) and payment processors. Affiliates for purposes of
              business operations and support.
N/A
Other information you may share if you use social features when
              accessing our Services, including the organizations, links, and
              other information included on your social profile page.
Service providers, and other providers or partners that support
              our operational business purposes. Affiliates for purposes of
              business operations and support. Other players, depending on your
              sharing preferences.
N/A
Inferences derived from personal information listed above in this
              chart, such as your characteristics and preferences.
Vendors, such as cloud service providers (such as our email
              service providers and cloud-based survey and customer service
              tools we use) and payment processors. Affiliates for purposes of
              business operations and support.
Analytics providers.
Note that we do not have any knowledge of sales or sharing of personal
        information of minors (e.g., for the purpose of this section, under 16
        years of age in California). While our Services may allow you to create
        an account, we do not otherwise use or disclose any sensitive personal
        information.
Your Privacy Rights Under Applicable State Law
Subject to applicable law, if you are a resident of California,
        Virginia, Connecticut, Utah, or Colorado, you may have the following
        rights:
To Know and Access: to obtain a copy of the specific pieces of
          personal information we have collected about you. (Note that this
          right only applies to personal information relating to you, and not to
          any other player.)
Deletion: to request that Global Worldwide delete your personal
          information. This right may be limited to the extent that Global
          Worldwide is permitted or required by applicable law to retain
          information. (Note that if you request deletion of your personal
          information, you may no longer be able to use or access the Services,
          and that if you share devices with someone else who uses the Services,
          that person may lose game progress or related Account information and
          access. If you decide to use or access the Services again, Global
          Worldwide may consider this a new Account, and may collect personal
          information associated with that Account in accordance with this
          Privacy Policy.)
Opt-Out of "Sale" and Certain Sharing Practices: depending
          on the site you are visiting or the app you are visiting and your
          relationship with us, you have the right to opt-out of certain
          information sharing practices with Third Parties who do not act as our
          Service Providers. In some states, like California, this information
          sharing may qualify as a “share” or a “sale,” while in other states,
          like Virginia, this information sharing may qualify as “targeted
          advertising” (collectively, “personalized advertising”). If you wish
          to opt-out of personalized advertising associated with our games,
          please visit the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information”
          setting found in a game’s settings menu, or by contacting us as set
          forth below.
Correction: to request the correction of inaccurate personal
          information that we may have on file about you.
Obtain additional details regarding Global Worldwide’s information
          practices: You may have the right to request disclosures regarding
          Global Worldwide’s information practices. (Note that this information
          is generally available in this Privacy Policy).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights described above, email
privacy@globalworldwide.com
. We will not discriminate against you, in terms of price or services
        that we offer, if you submit any of the requests listed above.
Verification and Appeal Process
: We are required by law to take
        reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your
        request. Please note that your exercise of these rights is subject to
        certain exemptions to safeguard the public interest (e.g., the
        prevention or detection of crime) and our interests (e.g., the
        maintenance of legal privilege). Please do not delete our game until
        your request is fulfilled. If we are unable to process your request via
        our in-game help ticket system, we may verify your request by asking for
        information sufficient to confirm your identity, such as your name,
        email address, and information about your interactions with us or with
        one of our games. Requests to exercise these rights may be granted in
        whole, in part, or not at all, depending on the scope and nature of the
        request and as permitted by applicable law. Where required by applicable
        law, we will notify you if we reject your request, and notify you of the
        reasons we are unable to honor your request.
If you are a resident of Colorado, Virginia, or Connecticut, you have
        the right to appeal a request we deny when we have verified your
        identity and still decline to honor your request. The process for that
        appeal will be sent to you separately if your request is denied.
Authorized Agent
: Californian players may use an authorized agent
        on their behalf to exercise a privacy right discussed above. If you are
        an authorized agent acting on behalf of a Californian player to
        communicate with us or to exercise a privacy right discussed above, you
        must be able to demonstrate that you have the requisite authorization to
        act on behalf of the player, and have sufficient access to that player’s
        laptop, desktop, or mobile device to exercise that player’s right
        digitally. If you are an authorized agent trying to exercise rights on
        behalf of a Global Worldwide player, then you can make a request on the
        player’s behalf by contacting us as set forth below in the “Contact Us”
        section with supporting verification information with proof that you
        have access to the player’s interface (including, for certain requests,
        written permission from the player) and proof of your own identity.
XIII.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy to maintain our
        commitment to privacy. Updates apply going forward, and never
        retroactively. When we make changes, we will update the date at the top
        of this page and make reasonable efforts to notify you if the changes
        are material. We encourage you to visit this page frequently to keep
        current with any changes.
We will provide an individual opt-out or opt-in choice before we share
        your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it
        for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or
        subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of
        your personal information, please submit a written request to
        privacy@globalworldwide.com.
XV.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or wish to
        contact our Data Protection Officer, you may email us at
privacy@globalworldwide.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
GPC signal not detected.
Please
download a browser/extension
that supports it.
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語