Repost +
Privacy Policy
Updated December 2019
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application
Repost +
(“Application”) for mobile devices provided by Livintis W.L.L. The Application is a application that allows the user to repost photos and videos from Instagram.
What information does the Application obtain?
Automatically Collected Information:
the Application may collect certain information automatically - more specifically information about the way you use the Application. We also collect behavioral application event data for analytics: access dates and times, app features or pages viewed, app crashes and other system activity and information.
User Provided Data:
we collect content submitted by users to us, such as bug reports, customer support communications. transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; information you provide us when you contact us for help.
How can I control what is shared?
You can turn of sharing analytics data at any time using the settings menu of the app (go to Settings -> Privacy Settings).
When do we collect this information?
When you use the app.
What do we use your data for?
We use this information to enable and improve your experience with our services; to research and develop new services and features. We share information about your use of our app with our GDPR complaint social media, advertising and analytics partners to help us analyze and improve our services. These services may include: Amplitude, Google, Kochava & Branch. We do not sell data to 3rd parties.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 5 years and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at livintisapps@gmail.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at livintisapps@gmail.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application, and passwords of accounts are not stored in plain text, and are hashed. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and updating the 'Updated DATE' text at the top of this page. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all change.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
Change of Control
If the ownership of the Application changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner so they can continue to operate the Application. In the case of a change of ownership for the Application, this Privacy Policy may be transferred to a new URL which will be included in a future version of the application after change of ownership.
EU Addendum
Controller. Livintis WLL is the controller of the personal data that we have about you. You can contact us at livintisapps@gmail.com
Your rights. You may ask us to take the following actions:
Access. Provide you with information about our processing of your personal data and give you access to it.
Correct. Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
Delete. Delete your personal data.
Export. Export a machine-readable copy of your personal data that you can use with a different service.
Restrict. Restrict the processing of your personal data.
Object. Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the legal basis of processing your personal data if that processing adversely impacts your legal rights.
To request one of these actions, contact us at livintisapps@gmail.com. We may request information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.
Marketing emails. You can always opt out of our marketing emails by following the unsubscribe prompt in the message. You may still receive administrative or other non-marketing messages.
Legal bases. We generally process your personal data on the following legal bases:
Contractual necessity. You have entered a contract with us and we need to use some of your personal data to provide services you have requested or take steps that you request prior to providing services. For example, we cannot create an account for you if you do not provide required information like your email address or phone number. If you do not provide information indicated as required or mandatory within our service, or that is otherwise necessary to provide a requested service or feature within the service, it will not be available to you.
Compliance with law. We may have to process or share your personal data to comply with legal obligations, such as to comply with a subpoena or legal process.
Legitimate interests. We process your personal data for purposes that constitute our legitimate interests, such as fraud prevention and safety; protecting our, your or others’ property rights; exercising or defending legal claims; investigating violations of and enforcing our Terms of Use; analyzing and improving our services; and marketing and advertising.
Consent. In some cases, we may process your personal data based on your consent, such as where we request access to data on your mobile device through the prompts in your device’s operating system. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it anytime in the manner indicated at the time consent is requested.
Updates. Privacy laws are undergoing significant changes in Europe and we may need to further update our Privacy Policy as laws take effect and regulators provide additional guidance. While we will always notify you of any material updates, we encourage you to revisit our Privacy Policy from time to keep current with any changes.
How to contact us:
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at livintisapps@gmail.com.