Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Surendra Kumar built the "First Time" app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Surendra Kumar at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at "First Time" unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Information We Collect
"First Time" collects both personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information from members. By using this app, you allow us to collect, keep and parse data that relates to the services that "First Time" provides.
Information You Give Us
You choose to give us certain information when using our services. This includes :
When you join chat room, you provide us with at least your name, as well as some basic details necessary for the App services to work, such as your date of birth etc.
Information Collected When You Use Our Services
When you use our services, we collect information about which feature you have used. Including :
Usage Information
We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them(e.g., date and time you logged in) and how you interact with other users (e.g. user you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchange, number of messages you send and receive )
Other Information With Your Consent
If you give permission, we can collect you precise Geolocation through various means, depending on the service and device you are using, including GPS, Blutooth or Wi-Fi connections. If you decline permission for us to collect your geolocation, we will not collect it.
Our Online Shop
When you purchase an item from our online shop, you provide your your physical address, email , phonenumber etc. We collect this data to ship the item to your physical addrees. When you make payment using debit card, credit card or paypal, you provide us your payment information. Our shop is powered by shopify.com, We do not have access and we do not store your card information, all the ransaction are proceesed by shopify.com. You can read more about their privacy policy on their website.
Information We Receive From Others
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:
Other Users
Other users may provide information about you as they use our services, we may collect information about you from other users if they contact us about you.
How We Use Information
In General. We may use information that we collect about you to:
1. deliver and improve our products and services, and manage our business;
2.manage your account and provide you with customer support;
3. Communicate with you bout our services .
4. Analyse your profile and that of other users to recommend meaningful connections.
5. Show user’s chat to one another
6. Enforce any rights included in our terms of conditions
7.website or mobile application analytics;
8. perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our or others’ products, services, or content;
9. To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorised activity.
How We Share Information
With Other Users
You share information with other users when you voluntarily disclose information on the service (including your public profile). Please be careful with your information and make sure that the content you share is stuff that you’re comfortable being publically viewable since neither you nor we can control what others do with your information once you share it.
Investigative Use
If we receive an investigative demand or court order regarding a certain user, we may disclose the user’s personal information including chat contents. We may also do this if a law enforcement agency asks for cooperation in investigation
Personal information
We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated in this Privacy Policy or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared.
Choice About the Collection and Use of Your Information
You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our Service because such information may be required in order for you to register as user.
We want you to be in control of your information, so we have provided you with the following tools:
Access/ Update Tool In The Service
Tools and account settings that help you to access, rectify or delete information that you provided to us.
Unistall
You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device.
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 17. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 17. In the case I discover that a child under 17 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By mail: cs14rendra@gmail.com
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it