Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
The privacy and security of our Fonts App’s users is something we take very seriously. This privacy policy and terms of service outlines how MM Apps, Inc. (“Fonts App”, “we” or “us”) ensures that your data stays private.
Keyboard data:
All inputed text in the keyboard cannot be accessed by us and will never be uploaded, or shared. Custom photos uploaded as keyboard backgrounds will also never be uploaded or shared to us.
Purchase Data:
When making a purchase, we do not have access to your email address, billing address, banking details, or address. All transactions are associated with an anonymous identifier that is not linked to your identity.
In-App-Purchases:
Fonts App may offer additional products and services for purchase ("in app purchases") through the App Store. If you choose to make an in app purchase, you will be prompted to enter details for your account with the mobile platform you are using (Apple) ("your IAP Account"), and your IAP Account will be charged for the in app purchase in accordance with the terms disclosed to you at the time of purchase as well as the general terms for in app purchases that apply to your IAP Account. If you purchase an auto-recurring periodic subscription through an in app purchase, your IAP Account will be billed continuously for the subscription until you cancel. After your initial subscription commitment period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically continue for an additional equivalent period, at the price you agreed to when subscribing. If you do not wish your subscription to renew automatically, or if you want to change or terminate your subscription, you will need to log in to your IAP account and follow instructions to cancel your subscription. If you cancel your subscription, you may use your subscription until the end of your then-current subscription term; your subscription will not be renewed after your then-current term expires. However, you won't be eligible for a prorated refund of any portion of the subscription fee paid for the then-current subscription period. Please refer to the terms of your application platform which apply to your in app purchases.
Fonts Pro:
Upgrade to Fonts Pro to unlock more fonts, custom keyboard backgrounds, additional symbols, and more!
* Your trial period will begin when you confirm your payment. Your trial period lasts 3 days. No money will be charged or held in your iTunes account before the end of your trial period. After the trial period, the subscription will start for the purchased tier price and duration.
* Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
* Your subscription automatically renews unless auto-renewal is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
* Your iTunes account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal.
* You can manage your subscriptions and turn off auto-renewal by going to your Account Settings in the iTunes store after purchase.
* Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited if you purchase a subscription to that publication, where applicable.
User Support:
If you contact MM Apps User Support, any personal data you may share with us is kept for the sole purpose of researching the issue and providing assistance.
Analytics:
We use Firebase Analytics from Google Inc. to provide us information that improves Fonts App. We do not use identifiers linked to your identity when sending analytics, as all data is generalized. The analytics data is subject to
Google's Privacy Policy
.
In-App Advertisements:
We may show advertisements served from Google within the Fonts App (advertisements will
never
be used in the keyboard). These advertisement may utilize cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and online services, including your IP address, device identifiers, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by Fonts App and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and online services, and better understand your online activity. Your mobile device includes a feature that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for behavioural advertising purposes. Advertisements are subject to
Google's Privacy Policy
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy please contact us at support@mmappsinc.com.
We will update this privacy policy as needed so that it is relevant, accurate, and as clear as possible. Your continued use of our Services confirms your acceptance of our updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Last Updated February 11th, 2022
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語