Overview
▶ Launch
Download
Learn
Keep in Touch
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy (Omber (iOS))
Last updated: January 25, 2021
Terms of Use
Usage of the Omber app is subject to
Apple's standard App Store EULA
.
The app and its functionality may change at any time. The functionality that is made available as part of a subscription may also change at any time.
The software is provided “as is ”, without warranty of any kind, express or
implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the
authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other
liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from,
out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in
the software.
This program incorporates other software. The licenses for those 
software are listed below:
GWT (Apache 2.0 license)
Typr.js (MIT license)
Harfbuzz (MIT license)
Privacy Policy
You send personally identifiable information about yourself such as 
device id and IP address to 
Wobastic Software Inc. when purchasing products and services 
from inside the app. We will retain that information 
for fulfilling orders, for customer service purposes, and for helping us 
improve our products and services.
When using the software, we may automatically receive and record 
information about your usage of the software. This information is used to 
improve our services and products.
We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information gathered with others unless legally required to do so.
Any changes to the terms of use or privacy policy will be posted on this page.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.wobastic.com/privacy.html:
Privacy Policy (September 9, 2016)
During your use of this website, you may voluntarily supply us with information such as your name, email address, address, payment details, messages, or other contact information. We will retain that information for fulfilling orders, for customer service purposes, and for helping us improve our products and services.
When you browse the Wobastic Software Inc. website, we automatically receive and record information about your use of the website. This information is used to improve our services and products.
Our website uses Google Analytics to understand how people use our website. While Google Analytics does gather browsing information, it does not store personally identifiable information about individuals such as names, email addresses, or addresses. More information on
how Google uses data can be found here
.
Our website may embed third-party content such as videos from YouTube or Humble Bundle. These third-parties gather information about you that is subject to the privacy policies of those respective third parties.
We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information gathered with others.
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.