This website is AudioEye enabled and is being optimized for accessibility. To open the AudioEye Toolbar, press "shift + =". Some assistive technologies may require the use of a passthrough function before this keystroke. For more information, activate the button labeled “Explore your accessibility options”.
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Cookie Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Path
Skip to content
You are part of the BPN Membership
Stay subscribed to SMS to enjoy an
EXTRA 5% OFF
on all product subscriptions for life.
Reply
HELP
for help and
STOP
to cancel.
View our
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
JOIN BPN MEMBERSHIP
to unlock 20% off for life
here’s why
You’ve unlocked
20% OFF Subscriptions
JOIN BPN MEMBERSHIP
to unlock 20% off for life
You’ve unlocked
20% OFF Subscriptions
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to the Services operated by Bare Performance Nutrition, LLC, its affiliates, and each of their respective successors and assigns (collectively, “we,” “our” or “us”), including information we collect through (i) your use of service provided by us or otherwise accessible via any web site, IP address or any social media accounts or other online products and services offered or designated by us (the “Site”), (ii) your purchase of any products, materials or other offline components provided by us through the Site (the “Products”), and (iii) email, text, and other electronic messages between you and us, and explains how we collect, use, share, maintain, protect and otherwise process information relating to natural persons ("Personal Information").
“Personal Information” does not include: publicly available information from government records; deidentified or aggregated consumer information; Information excluded from the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), like: health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; and personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our site. We will post those changes here and update the “last modified” date at the top of this page so that you will always know our current policies regarding what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose that information to anyone. Please refer back to this Privacy Policy regularly.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail to support@bareperformancenutrition.com or contact us through the
Contact Us
tab of our website.
I. How we collect information
We collect information that you voluntarily provide to become an affiliate or contact us through our website.
II. What information we collect and how we use it
1.
Personal Information.
When you register as a Bare Performance Nutrition affiliate we collect the necessary information from you so that you can receive the rewards (products/company updates) as the program permits.  Basic information includes name, address, phone number and email.  All of this information is provided on a voluntary basis from the interested affiliates.  When you contact us through our website, we capture only the information provided in the form.  Your name, email and message is sent directly to our email account so that we can best assist you with your questions.  All personal information provided to Bare Performance Nutrition is used only by employees for its intended purpose and is not distributed to any third party members.  We recommend that you guard and refrain from disclosing any information you consider sensitive and confidential.
2.
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information.
We may share aggregated information that does not include personal information and we may otherwise disclose non-identifying information and log data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your personal information.
3.
Service Providers.
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our site, to operate the site on our behalf, to perform site-related services (e.g., maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the site’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our site is used. These third parties have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
4. Enforcement.
Bare Performance Nutrition cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We can disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process including, but not limited to, subpoenas, to protect the property and rights of Bare Performance Nutrition or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
5.
Business Transfers.
Bare Performance Nutrition may sell, divest, transfer, assign, share or otherwise engage in a transaction that involves, some or all of our assets, including any or all of the information described in this Privacy Policy, in the course of a corporate divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or any other similar transaction or proceeding.
III. Your choices regarding information
You have several choices regarding the use of information on our Site:
1.
Email Communications.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive email communications from us, please send us an email and we will discontinue all email communications.
IV. Links to other sites and services
Our site may contain links to other third-party websites and online services. If you choose to visit another website or online service by clicking on a link, you will be directed to that third party’s website or online service. The fact that we may link to a website or online service is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites and online services, and these third parties may place their own cookies or other files on your computer and collect data or solicit personal information and non-identifying information from you. Other sites and online services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and/or disclosure of personal information and non-identifying information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites or online services you visit before providing any information or using such websites or services.
V. How we store and protect information
1.
Information Security.
We care about the security of your information. We use commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of information collected and maintained through the Site. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us or guarantee that information on the Site may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by unauthorized persons. Currently our site is protected with McAfee SECURE certifications.
2.
Phishing.
Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to Bare Performance Nutrition. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not request your credit card information, login information, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.
3.
Breach Notification.
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
4.
International Transfer.
Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Bare Performance Nutrition transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
VI. Our policy towards children’s information
Minors or people below eighteen (18) years old are not allowed to use this website without parental supervision or consent.
VII. Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, you promise to comply with the terms contained in the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions, and you represent that you understand the scope and limitations of the protections provided under the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these policies, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to our Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy means that you accept those changes
BARE PERFORMANCE NUTRITION MESSAGING SERVICE PRIVACY POLICY
This Messaging Service Privacy Policy explains how Bare performance nutrition (hereinafter, "Bare Performance Nutrition," "we," "us," "our") collects, uses, and shares personal information about you in relation to our text message marketing program (the "Messaging Service"). This Messaging Service Privacy Policy supplements
Our Primary Privacy Policy
. For more details, see the section titled "o Privacy Policy" above.
Changes to the Messaging Service Privacy Policy
We may revise this Messaging Service Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Messaging Service Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Messaging Service Privacy Policy if you continue to use the Messaging Service after the new Messaging Service Privacy Policy takes effect.
Personal Information We Collect
When you sign up for the Messaging Service, we collect personal information such as your name, phone number, and email address. When you use the Messaging Service to send or receive messages, we collect communications metadata (e.g., the time/date a message was sent or received) and the contents of any communications you send or receive via the Messaging Service.
We may also collect information about you using cookies or similar technologies on our website or other digital properties. Cookies are small text files placed on device browsers that store preferences and facilitate and enhance your experience. Cookies enable personalization of your experience via the Messaging Service (e.g., sending you personalized text messages such as shopping cart reminders).
If you participate in a contest, sweepstakes, research study, or email survey associated with the Messaging Service, we will collect basic contact information and any other information you choose to provide in connection with these activities. We will also collect your personal information if you contact us with questions about the Messaging Service or for customer service.
Use of Personal Information
We use your information to deliver, analyze, maintain and support the Messaging Service. We may also use your information to enhance the Messaging Service features and customize and personalize your experiences on the Messaging Service.
We may use your personal information to generate aggregated and/or de-identified information. Aggregated and/or de-identified information is not personal information and may be shared with any third party, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors.
Sharing of Personal Information
We may share your personal information as contemplated in our primary Privacy Policy, if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:
Third Parties that Help Provide the Messaging Service.
We may share your personal information with third parties that help us provide the Messaging Service (including, but not limited to, platform providers, phone companies, and other vendors who assist us in the delivery of text messages).
Legal Requirements, Disclosures to Protect Us or Others.
We may disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our, or others' rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Accurate Information
When you complete forms online or otherwise provide us information in connection with the Messaging Service, you agree to provide accurate, complete, and true information. You agree not to use a false or misleading name or a name that you are not authorized to use. If, in our sole discretion, we believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, or you have opted into the Messaging Service for an ulterior purpose, we may refuse you access to the Messaging Service and pursue any appropriate legal remedies.
Choices and Controls
Text messages may be sent via an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent to receive automated marketing text messages is not a condition of any purchase. You can opt-out of receiving further commercial text messages via the Messaging Service by responding to any of our text messages with any of the following replies: STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE, or QUIT. For additional opt-out information, please review our
Terms of Service
.
Customer Care
If you are experiencing any problems with the Messaging Service, please visit https://www.bareperformancenutrition.com and submit the form with details about your problem or your request for support, or email support@bareperformancenutrition.com.
Supplemental California Privacy Notice
This Supplemental California Privacy Notice only applies to our processing of personal information via the Messaging Service that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("
CCPA
"). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information we have collected about them and whether we have disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected by Us
Categories of Third Parties Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose
Identifiers
• Service providers
Personal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
• Service providers
Commercial information
• Service providers
Internet or other electronic network activity
• Service providers
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
• Service providers
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth above and in our primary Privacy Policy.
Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents
Individual Rights under the CCPA.
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to request:
Access to Personal Information
, including obtaining access to or a copy of your personal information.
Deletion of Personal Information
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact us at support@bareperformancenutrition.com. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
"Sales" of Personal Information under the CCPA.
For purposes of the CCPA, unless otherwise stated in our primary Privacy Policy, we do not "sell" personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any "sale" of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us at support@bareperformancenutrition.com.
Verification.
When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include confirming the email address or phone number associated with any personal information we have about you.
UPDATED DEC _ 2022
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
One or more of the items in your cart is a recurring or deferred purchase. By continuing, I agree to the
cancellation policy
and authorize you to charge my payment method at the prices, frequency and dates listed on this page until my order is fulfilled or I cancel, if permitted.
Opens in a new window.
Opens external website.
Opens external website in a new window.
Free Shipping
You are $99.00 away from
FREE SHIPPING
to the continental US
Your cart is empty!
Add your favorite items to your cart.
Shop Best Sellers Now
You may also like
Flight / Pre Workout
4.9 stars out of 5 stars
(
5,247
Reviews
)
Price
$44.99
Flavor
Creatine Monohydrate / Creapure®
4.9 stars out of 5 stars
(
2,895
Reviews
)
Price
$34.99
Servings
Shaker Bottle / Original 28oz
4.9 stars out of 5 stars
(
938
Reviews
)
Price
$13.99
Add
Powered by Rebuy
Your cart progress is 0%% complete. You are $99.00 away from
FREE SHIPPING
to the continental US
This carousel contains only decorative content. We've made it available for keyboard-only users. Screen reader users can skip this content by opening this Accessible Carousel and then closing it.
Opens in new window
PDF Download
Word Download
Excel Download
PowerPoint Download
Document Download
Explore your accessibility options
close carousel