This Privacy Policy explains how Softmath ("Softmath", "us", "we", or "our") collects, uses, and discloses information when you use mobile application Algebrator (the “Application”), contact our support staff, or otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Application or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
What information we collect
Information you provide to us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, when you send us a feedback, you have an option of providing your email address. We may use this email address to communicate with you regarding the feedback that you have submitted.
Information about your use of the Application
When you use the Application, we may collect the following non-personal information:
Math problems you enter
: We collect information about the problems you enter and their solutions.
Device Information
: We collect information about the mobile device you use to access the Application.
We only use this information to improve the Application. You can disable sharing of this information in the Application Settings.
Sharing of the information we collect
We do not share any of your information with anybody, unless specifically compelled by a law enforcement agency.
Transfer of information to the United States
Softmath is based in the United States and we process and store information in the United States.
Your Choices
Your email
You can communicate with us without providing your email. In such a case, we will then not be able to reach you regarding your feedback.
Other information
You may disable automatic sending of the math problems and device-related information to us. If you do, any potential Application defects will not be reported to us.
Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at ios@softmath.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://softmath.com/algebra-policy.html:
Home
Desktop Math Solver
Why Algebrator?
Guarantee
Testimonials
Press
Comparison
Online Demo
Order
Who We Are
FAQs
Resources
Privacy
All Solvers
Math Tutorials
Word Problem Solver
Get it on
Google Play
Get it on
Apple Store
Our Privacy Policy
We Guarantee to You:
We will never give your personal information to anybody.
We will never use your email except for letting you know about  a new version of Algebrator.
It is as Simple as that.