HichApp Limited (“HICH, “we” “us”) respects the privacy of its users (“you”) and has produced this Privacy Policy to inform you of how we will protect your privacy.
The Privacy Policy outlines the information we collect, how the information is used, with whom it may be shared and your options regarding data use and collection. We strongly suggest you read this Privacy Policy before creating an account and using the Service provided by HICH.
By using our application, website and or other online services (our Service), you are accepting the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy. All individuals have the right to object to the processing of their data at the point of first communication.
1. Information we collect from you
We may or may not collect and store data in the form of personal information, sensitive data, your voting behaviour and other information for publicly created and voted posts. Users have the right to view and clear all data collected on HICH inline with GDPR regulations, upon requesting to do so.
Data collected upon signup is dependant on the process used to register for the service.
Consent given serves as our lawful basis for data processing.
In order to create an account and use the Service provided by HICH we will ask you to use a valid mobile number to register. The registration process allows us to determine the actual identity, and contact information, of specific persons. These sign up and login inputs are collected and stored by HICH until the account is deleted or upon death, if HICH is notified. While using the Service provided by HICH, users will be encouraged to continue sharing data on an optional basis and provide additional data which may include name, age, location, gender, nationality, religion and/or sexual orientation among other demographical identifiers. Users will be free to share or not share any and all data other than the sign up and login information. We may also collect your geolocation information with your consent. This data and information may be collected through a website, mobile application or other online services. If you give us permission to access your contacts, we will use this data to provide suggestions for people you may know within the app and may wish to follow. By using the Service, you grant us permission to gather, parse and retain data related to the provision of the service unless you remove this additional data through the Service. When you release your data to HICH through our Service, the information may be sent to servers located across the world.
2. Cookies and use of cookies
When you visit our Service, we may assign your device one or more cookies or other technologies that facilitate personalisation to facilitate access to our Service and to personalise your experience. Through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect information about your activity on our Service, such as the pages you visit, the time and date of your visits and the links you click. If we advertise, we (or third parties) may use certain data collected on our Service to show you HICH advertisements on other sites or applications.
3. How we use the information we collect
We may use information that we collect about you to:
deliver and improve our products and services, and manage our business;
manage your account and provide you with customer support;
perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our or others’ products, services, or content;
communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties;
develop, display, and track content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Service and other sites, including providing our advertisements to you when you visit other sites;
website or mobile application analytics;
verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes;
enforce or exercise any rights in our Terms of Use;
obtain statistics on your voting behaviour and
perform functions or services as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
4. Data retention.
We keep your information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by applicable legal requirements. You may clear all of your data at any time by requesting to do so under GDPR - primarily, but not limited to, ’the right to erasure.’ You may withdraw consent for processing of data at any time. If you close your account, we may retain certain data for analytical purposes and record-keeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, enforce our Terms of Use, take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our Service or our users, or take other actions otherwise permitted by law. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties’ policies.
Account Monitoring and Suspension.
We take the accuracy and reliability of our user-generated content seriously. As part of this commitment, we monitor accounts to prevent the creation of multiple profiles by the same user. If we detect that a user is in violation of this policy, we reserve the right to suspend or block any additional accounts associated with that user, or even all of their accounts, without prior notice. Please note that we are not obligated to transfer any points, rewards, or compensations from blocked accounts to new or existing accounts.
You can contact us by email at
support@hichapp.co.u
.
By post: HichApp Limited, Suite 241, 51 Pinfold Street, Brimingham, B2 4AY, United Kingdom.
We will contact you in English through your email, phone or home address. Please advise us if any of these changes.
© 2025 HichApp.com All rights reserved