Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy shall apply to the applications published in the Apple App Store by
                                Roximus Limited and that are accessible from mobile devices and personal computers (the
                                "App"), and the use of the websites controlled by Roximus Limited in general (the
                                "Website"; App, and Website together the "Services").
1. GENERAL
Regarding the Services: ROXIMUS LIMITED ("ROXIMUS LIMITED", "we", "us" or "our") is the
                                Data Controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
This privacy policy shall inform you on how we collect, process and use ("Use") personal
                                data in connection with the Services.
2. DATA WE COLLECT, PROCESS AND USE
2.1 In general, you can use the Services without providing any personal information such
                                as e.g. your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, financial
                                information (all such information concerning the personal or material circumstances of
                                an identified or identifiable individual data subject together "Personal Data").
                                Therefore, if you do not provide us directly with Personal Data in another way or
                                actively consent to the Use by us of certain Personal Data, we, in general, do not Use
                                your data with the exception of the following:
2.1.1 Regarding the Website: your browser transfers certain data so that it can access
                                the Website, namely: the IP address, the date and time of the request, the browser type,
                                the operating system, the language and version of the browser software.
2.1.2 Regarding the App: certain data is transmitted by your mobile device: namely your
                                IP address, the periods of time in which you use the App and the type of device you use
                                (e.g. IPhone, IPad), as well as events within the application recorded with Amplitude
                                analytics in order to give us the possibility to continuously improve the App.
2.1.3 Regarding the App: in certain cases, such as downloading and installing a free
                                trial of a paid App, we ask you to enter a valid email address to begin your free trial.
2.1.4 Email messages sent by us via third-party services may contain tracking pixel
                                which helps us collect statistics on delivery and opening rates of our correspondence.
                                These pixels do not provide us with any additional personal data about you or your
                                behavior online. You can disable image rendering in your email client which will
                                deactivate this feature, however you will be unable to see any images within other
                                received emails.
The legal basis for the processing of the data described above in section 2.1.1 through
                                2.1.4 (to the extent such data is to be considered Personal Data) is Art. 6 (1) sentence
                                1 lit. f GDPR (legitimate interests; regarding section 2.1.1 the legitimate interests to
                                Use such data arises from the fact that without such data the Website cannot be accessed
                                by our customers and/or other users; regarding section 2.1.2 the legitimate interests to
                                Use such data is that we have an interest to continuously improve the App; regarding
                                section 2.1.3 the legitimate reason is that we need to inform you about the end of your
                                free trial;
2.2 Only in cases in which you have given us prior consent we also use your Personal Data
                                for other purposes but only to the extent needed in each specific case. The legal basis
                                for the processing of the data described in this section 2.2 is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1
                                lit. a GDPR (consent).
2.3 We may disclose Personal Data to third parties where such disclosure is required by
                                law (for example, upon request of a court or of law enforcement authorities). The legal
                                basis for the processing of the data described in this section 2.3 is Art. 6 (1)
                                sentence 1 lit. c GDPR (legal obligation).
2.4 We may also Use certain data as set forth in section 3 below.
3. COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES
As described in Sections 2.1.4 of this Privacy Policy, we sometimes work with third
                                parties to deliver ads or offers. Sometimes we or these third parties do so through a
                                mobile "SDK." The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their
                                apps to enable data to be collected and ads to be shown. We may use this and similar
                                technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based
                                on data associated with your mobile device, and we may work with third parties who
                                likewise embed their SDKs into our services, for third party advertising. If you'd like
                                to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please
                                follow the instructions below or in the app (as applicable).
                                If you wish to opt out of interest-based tracking through your mobile device, you can do
                                so through your device "settings", as follows (but please note that the below is for
                                informational purposes only and Apple or other device platforms may change the manner in
                                which their "opt out" settings work at any time): Please note that if you opt out
                                through these settings, you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but
                                it may not be tailored to your interests. For instance, that advertising may be based on
                                your real-time or "contextual" application usage or general location inferred from IP
                                address.
                                Opting Out on iOS Devices Such as iPhones, iPads or iPods
                                If you have an Apple device, you can opt out of interest-based advertising by updating
                                to iOS 6.0 or higher, and setting Limit Ad Tracking to 'ON'. On an iPhone 6 for example,
                                you can do this by clicking on Settings -> General -> Privacy -> Advertising and
                                toggling "Limit Ad Tracking" to 'ON'. Our systems are designed to respect your choice
                                and not use your personal information to provide interest-based advertising when this
                                setting is ON.
4. HOW WE USE INFORMATION
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our services.
                                Additionally, we use your info to help keep you safe and to communicate with you. Read
                                on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information,
                                together with practical examples.
To administer your account and provide our services to you
Deliver our services to you and ensure their optimal functionality and operation.
Identify, establish and manage your account and our relationship with you.
Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests.
We use your email address, name, country and language for customized marketing
                                    purposes.
When we collect your precise geolocation data (subject to your consent) (which may
                                    be via the device's cellular, Wi-Fi, Global Positioning System (GPS) networks and/or
                                    Bluetooth information), we do so to provide you with our location-related products
                                    and services, for example to provide you with forecast and weather alerts for your
                                    location, and also to facilitate, measure, or otherwise support advertising by third
                                    parties (through our apps or third parties' apps) that may be related to your
                                    location over time.
Some of our apps may offer you the ability to register and login using your third
                                    party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you
                                    choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your
                                    social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the
                                    app you are using, and on the social media provider concerned, but may often include
                                    your name, e-mail address, mobile phone number and friends list. We will use the
                                    information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this Privacy
                                    Policy or that are otherwise made clear to you in the app you are using. Please note
                                    that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal
                                    information by your third party social media provider. We recommend that you see
                                    their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your information,
                                    and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
If you have registered with an app using your social media account details, we may
                                    use the information we receive from your social media provider to identify which of
                                    your friends are also using our services so that you can connect with them in our
                                    app.
In some services, to ensure a consistent experience across your devices
Link the various apps and devices you use, so that you can enjoy a consistent
                                    experience of our services on all of them. This will allow us to form a single view
                                    of your use of our services, so you can easily access your content on multiple
                                    devices. For this purpose and better user experience generally, we may use and
                                    combine your personal information which we collect across different services used by
                                    you.
To improve our services and develop new ones
Develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new feature
                                    further to requests or feedback received from users).
In our VPN, monitor ads and/or for research and analysis in hashed and/or aggregated
                                    form.
We use the Google Analytics tool Firebase in order to carry out analysis on
                                    information which is gathered by our apps. Device information and other information
                                    which we gather are provided to Google in order to enable them to carry out data
                                    analysis. Any information which is provided to Google will become subject to
                                    Google's privacy policy which is located here:
www.google.com/privacy.html
.
                                    For further information on how Google's Firebase analytics tool uses data, please
                                    see the site "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps",
                                    (located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
).
Conduct research and analysis of your behavior about your use of, or interest in,
                                    our products, services, or content to improve our services and content (for
                                    instance, we may decide to change the look and feel or even substantially modify a
                                    given feature based on users' behavior). This software may record information such
                                    as how often you use the services, what happens within the services, aggregated
                                    usage, performance data, app errors and debugging information, and where the apps
                                    were downloaded from.
To communicate with you
Communicate with you by postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including
                                    through in-application advertising) about products or services that may be of
                                    interest to you either from us, our parent or subsidiary companies or other third
                                    parties. If you do not wish to receive in-application advertising, in some cases you
                                    can upgrade to the paid version of the app.
When you share your information with us via a social network provider like Facebook,
                                    we use this to show information on your social network profile (subject to your
                                    privacy setting and preferences for such social network) and to allow you to share
                                    information about our services with your connections or on your social network
                                    profile.
With your consent (where needed), to send you email marketing in order to provide
                                    you with information about services that you may find of interest. We also send you
                                    non-marketing emails or messages, such as those related to transactions, your
                                    account, security, or product changes. Examples of service-related messages include
                                    an email address confirmation/welcome email when you register your account, service
                                    availability or modification of key features or functions.
To serve you relevant offers and ads
Develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so)
                                    tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness. When
                                    you are on our services, third-party ad partners may provide you with advertising
                                    based upon your interests. These companies may use technologies to collect data
                                    about users, including precise device location data, to help them tailor relevant
                                    ads and measure ads' effectiveness. These companies may collect this data through
                                    SDKs or from users who view or interact with their advertisements. For the purposes
                                    of European law, most of these ad partners are independent controllers of your
                                    information, which means that they are responsible for providing and complying with
                                    their own policies relating to any personal information they obtain in connection
                                    with the services. It also means that if you are a Facebook app user for example –
                                    you provided consent to Facebook in your Facebook app to allow them to show you
                                    personalized ads inside of our services.
Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and
                                    sweepstakes and in order to conduct polls and surveys;
To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorized
                                    activities
Perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these
                                    activities
Retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent against recurrences
To ensure legal compliance
Comply with legal requirements
Assist law enforcement
Enforce or exercise our rights, for example our EULA
To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal
                                    bases:
Provide our service to you
: Most of the time, the reason we process your
                                    information is to perform the contract that you have with us. For instance, as you
                                    go about using our service, we use your information to maintain your account and
                                    provide our cool features to you.
Legitimate interests
: We may use your information where we have legitimate
                                    interests to do so. For instance, we analyze users' behavior on our services to
                                    continuously improve our offerings and we process information for administrative,
                                    fraud detection and other legal purposes.
Consent
: From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your
                                    information for certain specific reasons. You may withdraw your consent at any time
                                    where indicated in the services or by contacting us at the address provided at the
                                    end of this Privacy Policy.
5. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally
                                accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during
                                transmission and after it is received. We work hard to protect you from unauthorized
                                access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. As with
                                all technology companies, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not
                                promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain
                                secure. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and
                                regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update
                                our physical, technical and organizational security measures.
                                We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or
                                detect any breach of security.
6. YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to request information from us at any time about your Personal Data
                                stored by us. If the legal requirements are met, you also have rights vis-à-vis us to
                                request from us access to and rectification or erasure or restriction of processing
                                concerning your Personal Data or to object the processing of your Personal Data as well
                                as the right to receive your Personal Data provided to us in a structured, established
                                and machine-readable format from us (you can transfer this data to other parties or have
                                it transferred; data portability).
If you have given your consent to the use of personal data, you can revoke such consent
                                at any time (for the future).
If you believe that the processing of your Personal Data by us is in breach of the
                                applicable data protection laws, you can issue a complaint with the competent
                                supervisory authority for data protection.
7. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Services is not intended for children under the age of 18. Therefore, we do not
                                knowingly collect or solicit any personal information from children under 18. No one
                                under age 18 may provide any personal information to the Services. If you are under 18,
                                do not use or provide any information on our Services or through any of its features. Do
                                not provide any information about yourself, including your email address. If we learn
                                that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18 without
                                verification of parental consent, we will erase that information as quickly as possible.
                                If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please
                                contact us.
8. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us. We take reasonable and
                                appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized
                                access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved
                                in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic
                                storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we
                                cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is
                                compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with
                                applicable law.
If you have any questions about security of our Website, you can contact us at through
                                the email displayed below.
9. PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Because we're always looking for new and innovative ways to help you enjoy our services,
                                this policy may change over time. We will notify you of any material changes so that you
                                have time to review the changes.
10. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at
support@roximus.net
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://roximus.net/privacy/www.google.com/privacy.html:
404 Not Found
nginx
Sub-policy 1
https://roximus.net/privacy/www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
404 Not Found
nginx