Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt Privacy Policy ("Policy")! This explains how we collect, store, protect, and share your information, and with whom we share it. We suggest you read this in conjunction with our brilliant
Terms and Conditions of Use
. Whilst you're enjoying the Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt mobile application ("App"), we collect some information about you. In addition, you may choose to use the App to share information with other Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt, including your friends and contacts ("Users"). We may also need to share your information sometimes.

Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt is a global app, and your information will be sent to and used in the United States regardless of the country you reside in. This Policy explains how we protect your personal data when we transfer it overseas, so please read very carefully!

If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please feel free to contact us at
contact.dndapps@gmail.com
1.	COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Registration Information
When you download the App and create an account ("Account"), we may collect certain information ("Registration Information") about you, such as:
•	Name;
•	Email address;
•	Mobile number;
•	Gender identity;
•	Date of birth;
•	Location;
•	Photographs;
•	Short Bio; and
We may collect personal information from you when you voluntarily provide it to us through a number of features available on our app. Some other optional information like voice bio, relationship status, interest and looking for. This information is not compulsory required.
Data Storage
By using the App, you acknowledge that Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt is a global app operating through servers located in a number of countries around the world, including the United States. If you live in a country with data protection laws, the storage of your personal data may not provide you with the same protections as you enjoy in your country of residence.
Geolocation Information
If you turn these features on, when you use your mobile, we will collect information about WiFi access points as well as other location information about your longitude and latitude and may save your device's coordinates to offer certain features to you. This information helps us identify your physical location and we may use it to personalise the App and make it easier for you to interact with other Users, by enabling the information to be displayed and shared with other members choosing to view “nearby” posts.
If you have enabled location services, but wish to turn them off, you can do so by the following methods:
1	iPhone app — settings, privacy, location services, Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt
2	Android — settings, location, Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt, permissions, location
Log and Usage Data
We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes (as set out in Section 11 below) and as permitted by applicable law.
In practice, we delete or anonymise your information upon deletion of your account (following the safety retention window), unless:
1	we must keep it to comply with applicable law (for instance, some “traffic data” is kept for one year to comply with statutory data retention obligations);
2	we must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law (for instance, records of consents to our Terms, Privacy Policy and other similar consents are kept for five years);
3	there is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
4	the information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing users' safety and security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for unsafe behaviour or security incidents from opening a new account.
Device Information
We may collect information about your device when you use the App including the unique device identifier, device model, operating system, and MAC address.
Links
We may keep track of how you interact with links available on Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt including third party services and clients by redirecting clicks or through other means. We may share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on.
Cookies
Unlike the chocolate chip kind, these cookies have no calories! They are small data files that are transferred to your computer's hard disk and are basically a tool that stores information about website visits, recognises you and your preferences each time you visit Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt, and ensures site functionality and enables us to provide the services our members request.
The cookies we collect enable us to learn how people interact with Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt, which in turn helps us make a better product for you! Cookies store information about your website visits and can recognise you and your preferences each time you visit the Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt site. They help us to provide a better service to you!
Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt’s use of cookies and local storage devices is basically related to the performance of Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt’s site, such as analytics that help us determine how our site is performing and ensuring a smooth and trouble-free experience for our members and visitors.
Below is a table to explain Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt’s cookie functions and why they’re used.
If for any reason you decide that you do not want all of your Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt activities to be stored you may set your browser and mobile settings to block cookies and local storage devices, but please remember that if you do so, you may not be able to access all of the features Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt offers!
We use the following types of cookies:
Cookie Purposes & Functions
Analytics and research
We use Google Analytics(Firebase) to collect information about how visitors use the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the App, where visitors have come from and the pages they visited. For more information about Google's Privacy Policy, please visit
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/.
2. USE OF INFORMATION.
Our main goal is to ensure your experience on Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt is an enjoyable one and you don't end up getting stung! In order to deliver an enjoyable experience to you, we may use your Registration and other information to:
•	offer you our services and features;
•	contact you with information about the App (e.g., updates and new offerings);
•	personalise the App and the content we deliver to you;
•	conduct research and analytics about how you use and interact with the App;
•	resolve disputes between you and other Users; and
•	investigate fraud, protect our legal rights, and to enforce our
Terms & Conditions
.
3. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION.
Our policy is to not disclose your Registration Information, except in the limited circumstances described here:
Your Consent
– If you consent, we may share or disclose your Registration Information, such as when you use a third party web client or application to access your Account.
Service Providers
- We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us. We may share your Registration Information with these third parties, but only for the purposes of performing these functions and providing such services e.g. information technology companies (hardware and software) which provide services to support our products.
Moderators
– To monitor activity on the apps and approve content.
Payment Processing and Telecommunications Companies – To facilitate payments for our premium services.
Law and Harm
- As we mentioned in the
Terms & Conditions
, we think it is very important that all Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt behave whilst using the App. We will cooperate with all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other rights. We will also cooperate with law enforcement enquiries from within or outside your country of residence where we are required to by law or to protect the vital interests of a person. This may include preserving or disclosing any of your information, including your Registration Information, if we believe in good faith that it is necessary to comply with a law or regulation, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues e.g. through anti-spam providers to protect the service from criminal activity or to protect our rights or property or those of third parties. In such cases we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
Business Transfers
-In the event that Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt or any of our affiliates undergoes a business transition or change of ownership, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, re-organisation, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or in the event of insolvency or administration, we may be required to disclose your personal data.
Aggregated Information
– We may share aggregated information with third parties that includes your personal data (but which doesn’t identify you directly) together with other information including log data for industry analysis and demographic profiling. You may opt-out of receiving marketing messages by using the opt-out mechanisms and links provided in each email.
We ensure these parties must adhere to strict data protection and confidentiality provisions that are consistent with this Policy. Measures are taken to ensure that the data shared is non-attributable to the greatest extent possible.
4. WHAT OTHERS MAY SEE ABOUT YOU
We think our Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt are awesome, and we want you to share how awesome you are with the world, so we have built certain features to enable this. Our App is designed to make it easier for you to connect with other Users and to interact with them.  You might share information like the photos and messages you send or upload and any metadata provided with those messages, along with any comments or information you provide in connection with your photos.
When using Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt, you should assume that anything you post or submit on the App may be publicly-viewable and accessible, both by Users of the App and non-Users of the App. We want our Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt to be careful about posting information that will eventually be made public.
5. MODIFYING YOUR REGISTRATION INFORMATION & ACCOUNT DELETION
You may access or modify the Registration Information you provided at anytime or permanently delete your Account (although we really hope you don't!)
As per Apple guidlines for account deletion we already follow that like App have account delet option in app settings. Also one more things as per Apple Guidlines we removed all user generated data after delete account from this app.

Also we don’t want to accidentally charge someone after they’ve deleted their account.
If the user has auto-renewable subscriptions, we notify them that their billing will continue through Apple and request that they cancel their subscription before continuing. In some case user avoid this notification then request for refund here:
Refund Request
6. OUR POLICY TOWARDS AGE.
As Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt evolves, we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at our Policy. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you, for example, via an email to the email associated with your Account or by posting a notice within Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt. By continuing to access or use the App after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
7. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY.
Although we want as many people as possible to enjoy our creation, you have to be at least 18 years old to use the App - sorry kids, we know Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt is cool, but you'll have to come back when you're old enough!
Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt does not knowingly collect any information about or market to children, minors or anyone under the age of 18. If you are less than 18 years old, we request that you do not submit information to us. If we become aware that a child, minor or anyone under the age of 18 has registered with us and provided us with personal information, we will take steps to terminate that person's registration and delete their Registration Information from Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt. If we do delete a profile because you violated our no children rules, we may retain your email and IP address to ensure that you do not try to get around our rules by creating a new profile.
8. SECURITY.
Here at Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt we pride ourselves on taking commercially reasonable security measures to help protect your information against loss, misuse and unauthorised access, or disclosure. We use reasonable security measures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information such as secured servers using firewalls.
Unfortunately no website or Internet transmission is ever completely 100% secure and even we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss or other breaches will never occur, but here are some handy tips to help keep your data secure:
1	Please make sure you log out of your Account after use as you never know who may stumble onto your Account!
2	Please don't share your social media password with anyone else!
3	Change your social media password periodically.
If you ever think someone has had access to your social media password, please report it to the relevant social media platform and change your password immediately. We cannot guarantee the security of your personal data while it is being transmitted to our site and any transmission is at your own risk.
WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY BREACHES OF SECURITY, DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE, OR ANY LOSS OR UNAUTHORISED USE OF YOUR REGISTRATION INFORMATION OR OTHER DATA.
9. THIRD PARTY ACCOUNTS.
If you have registered with Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt using a third party social media platform, your Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt profile will be available to all Users of Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt whether via our App or our partners' websites.
Remember that when you register with a third party, you are also giving them personal information, so we recommend that you read their privacy policies as Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt does not control how they use their information.
If you have registered on one of these third party websites, or you have verified your Account via a third party website, we may connect your Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt profile with your profile on such website. We may do this by way of new products and applications which we introduce from time to time, including new products powered by our group companies.
If you have created a Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt profile through a third party website and you do not want to link your Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt profile to your profile on the third party website, Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt cannot amend these settings. Please visit the application settings on your third party website profile and follow the instructions to remove the Mature : Hookup Dating & Flirt access permissions.
We only use the APIs, OAuth Tokens, Widgets, or other means provided by the applicable Social Media Account to integrate your Social Media Account with our App. As such, we only receive the limited information that each Social Media Account permits to be transferred.
10. ABOUT US
Your access to the App, as well as this Privacy Policy are governed and interpreted by the laws of the State of New York, other than such laws, rules, regulations and case law that would result in the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the State of New York. By using the App, you are consenting to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the United States and the State of New York. You agree that such courts shall have in personal jurisdiction and venue and waive any objection based on inconvenient forum. You agree that you will not file or participate in a class action against us. In the event there is a discrepancy between this English language version and any translated copies of the Policy, the English version shall prevail.
Thanks for reading, we hope we didn't drone on for too long!
Effective date
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 13 MARCH 2023. We remind user when they deleted their account.
11.	CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us in any of the following ways:
Email:
contact.dndapps@gmail.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://dndapps.co.in/private_policy.html:
Not Found
The requested URL was not found on this server.
Apache/2.4.18 (Ubuntu) Server at dndapps.co.in Port 80