Privacy Policy
WANGXU TECHNOLOGY (HK) CO., LIMITED (afterwards collectively referred to as “WANGXU”, “we”, “us”, and “ours”) fully respects your privacy. “LetsView” is the registered trademark of WANGXU TECHNOLOGY (HK) CO., LIMITED.  This policy covers the processing of personal data by LetsView, which is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information whilst striving to provide the very best user experience. We want our websites to be safe and enjoyable for everyone.
The operations of LetsView are in accordance with the European Union’s
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR), effective May 25, 2018. LetsView has made the GDPR a priority, and we are and have always been fully aligned with the regulation’s intended result: the protection of your privacy and personal data.
1. What data do we collect and how do we use it?
We will collect information in accordance with the principles of lawfulness, fairness and necessity when you use LetsView. Unless with your consent, we will not share, provide, transfer or obtain your personal information from third parties. The information we collect will be used to:
Guarantee the normal operation of the product
Achieve various functions and services
Optimize and improve the product and services
Ensure the security of product and services
Obey laws, regulations and national standards
We will collect the following information:
Account information
. When you participate in, access, purchase or sign up to any of our services, activities or online content, such as subscriptions, newsletters, surveys, competitions or events, we receive personal information about you which we use to be able to provide these services. This may consist of data including your name, email address, postal address and telephone number. You will be able to select how we use your information for marketing purposes and you can update your marketing preferences at any time. LetsView stores, processes and maintains files that you create and/or upload using the Services (as well as previous versions of your files), including LetsView charts that you create, sharing lists, and other data related to your account in order to provide the service to you.
Usage information
. We collect information related to how you use the Services, including actions you take when using our Services (like editing, viewing, and sharing Your Stuff, changing themes, activating software license, and logging in and out of your account). We use this information to improve our Services, develop new services and features, and protect you as well as other LetsView users.
Device information
. We also collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Services. This includes things like IP addresses, system language, the type of browser and device you use, the version of our software, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, and identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location information to the Services.
Uploaded and stored Files
. Some of our online/desktop applications provide free web hosting service for you. If you want, you may upload the files generated by these applications to the cloud server of our company and access them at any time as you want. Every file uploaded and stored this way can be used by its owner only while none of the others can access it. We guarantee the safety of all your files stored on our server.
Data storage during screen mirroring.
For the screenshot and screen recording during screen mirroring, we will not collect or store any audio and visual data. If the user has completed the screen mirroring action, the related data will be deleted unless the user chooses to store it in real time on their local device.
Email Marketing.
We do not send you any marketing material unless you voluntarily subscribe for our newsletters (opt-in). We collect your email address and other information you submit when you subscribe. If you do not want to receive marketing materials from us any more, simply click the ‘Unsubscribe’ link in any email any time (opt-out).
2. Legally process personal data
We will not share your personal data with other parties except as provided below:
2.1. We may share personal information with Service Providers. We provide certain Services and Software through Service Providers. We may share your personal identification information with such Service Providers to fulfill orders, deliver packages, send postal or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, manage customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, process credit card and other payments, operate the Website, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We will also share your information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks.
2.2. We may disclose the User’s personal data if LetsView is under a duty to disclose or share such personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to protect the rights, property or safety of its business, its customers or others.
2.3. We may also transmit your personal information with companies that help us to run our business by processing personal information on behalf of us for the purposes identified above. Such companies include providers of payment processing services, data analysis services providers, fraud monitoring and prevention providers, email delivery service providers, social media, and other marketing platforms and service providers.
2.4. The collected personal data may be transferred by LetsView to recipients which are located outside the European Union and such destinations may not have laws which protect the User’s personal data to the same extent as in the European Union. LetsView ensures that the User’s personal data processed by LetsView or by its suppliers and partners operating outside the European Union are treated securely and are protected against unauthorized access, loss or destruction, unlawful processing and any processing which is inconsistent with the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
2.5. We may use third party track tools (such as Adwords, Bing, bugsplat, Criteo, disqus, fabric, Facebook, FireBase, Flurry, Google Analytics, Hotjar, LinkedIn, Pardot, Quora, JPUSH) to track the information on how users use the products and websites, such information will be stored in third party servers. Such third party track tools may send the data analysis report for LetsView’s above mentioned purpose.
2.6. We may store the collected information on the servers leased from providers of third party server service.
3. Storage and retention of data
User Controls.
You can access, amend, download, and delete your personal information by logging into your LetsView account and going to your account settings page.
Retention.
When you sign up for an account with us, we’ll retain information associated with your account for as long as your account is in existence or as long as we need it to provide you the Services. If you delete your account, we will initiate deletion of this information immediately. But please note: (1) there might be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and back-up storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements. Other information will be retained until you ask us to delete it.
4. Security
We are committed to protecting the personal data we hold. In accordance with GDPR, we adopt appropriate technical and organisational measures to help prevent unauthorised access to your information and ensure data is held securely. We also require any third parties to whom we may transfer personal data to have appropriate security measures in place. We ask third parties to complete Data Security Questionnaires so we can be sure they are a safe place for your data.
5. Your Right to Control and Access Your Information
You have control over your personal information and how it is collected, used, and shared. For example, you have a right to:
5.1. Access and take your data. You can download copies of Your Stuff from our website. You can also ask us for a copy of personal data you provided to us.
5.2. Change or correct personal data. You can manage your account and the content contained in it, as well as edit some of your profile details, through your account settings page.
5.3. Erase or delete all or some of Your Stuff in your LetsView account. You can delete each of the files you uploaded in your account, through your ‘My Maps’ page.
5.4. Delete your entire account. You can delete your LetsView account, as well as any information related to it once for all, through your account settings page.
5.5. Unsubscribe from our newsletters. Simply click any ‘Unsubscribe’ link in any marketing email you received to make your email address deleted from our mailing list.
5.6 Your right to withdraw consent Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
5.7 The User has the right to define general or specific instructions regarding storage, deletion and use of its personal data after death.
6. Disclaimer
You understand and agree that LetsView and related services may be affected or interfered by a variety of factors, and Wangxu Ltd. does not guarantee (including, but not limited to):
Wangxu Ltd. does not guarantee that the network service will meet all the requirements of users, nor does it guarantee that the network service will not be interrupted, nor the timeliness, security, and accuracy of the network service. For network service interruption or other defects caused by force majeure, Wangxu Ltd. will not bear any responsibility, but will try our best to reduce the loss and impact caused to users.
Any errors in the software can be corrected.
Wangxu Ltd. has the right to deal with illegal content in accordance with this agreement. This right does not constitute an obligation or promise of the company, and Wangxu Ltd. cannot guarantee timely detection of illegal activities or corresponding treatment.
The user understands and agrees: This agreement is to ensure compliance with national laws and regulations and protect the legitimate rights and interests of others. Wangxu Ltd. makes its best efforts to make judgments in accordance with relevant laws and regulations within the scope of its capabilities, but does not guarantee that the judgments are completely consistent with the judgments of judicial and administrative agencies. The user has understood and agreed to bear the consequences as a result.
7. Policy changes
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal. We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you.
Appendix: Permission application and application Scenarios
App permissions
Permissions and required information
Purpose of permission usage
Network access permission (Android)
Access network information
Request background mirroring service
Storage permissions (read and write)
Read and write external storage
Read local pictures, videos and other media files to help users use screen mirroring function.
Location permission
Receive satellite positioning information
Get the geographic location to obtain the WiFi name. Help the user know if their devices are connected to the same network.
Camera permission
Allow the use of the camera
Scan the QR code to do screen mirroring
Notification permission
Send notifications to users
Push marketing information etc. to users.
8. Contact us
Have questions or concerns about LetsView, our Services, and privacy?
Contact
our Data Protection Officer. If they can’t answer your question, you have the right to contact your local data protection supervisory authority.
No related posts.
This website uses cookies that are essential for the operations of this website and its core functions. 
      Other cookies will only be placed with your consent. For more details visit our
Cookies Policy.
Decline
Accept All Cookies