EMPLOYERS
LOGIN
REGISTER
HOME
STAY
GUIDE
JOURNEY
CALC
EMPLOYERS
LOGIN
REGISTER
Privacy Policy of The 88th Day
Last Updated: 14 August 2020
The 88th Day operates the https://www.the88thday.com/ website and The 88th Day app, which provides the Service of securing specialised work for individuals on the 417 or 462 Working Holiday Visa in Australia.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, The 88th Day website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible
here
unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection, Use and Sharing
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number and email address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
When signing up to for or using The 88th Day, you give us some information voluntarily. This includes but is not limited your nationality, visa information, date of birth, education history, employment history, farm work hours, employer information and employer likes. You can also choose to share with us location data or photos. If you buy something on The 88th Day, we collect payment information, contact information (address and phone number) and the details of what you bought.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or through either The 88th Day website or Mobile Apps from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organisation, other than as necessary to fulfil your request, e.g. contact for employers.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you (if any).
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these "cookies" to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Use by Minors
The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of eighteen (18), and we request that they not provide Personal Data through the Services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact us
.
The 88th Day is better on the app.
The 88th Day
Open
Chrome
Continue
HOME
STAY
GUIDE
JOURNEY
CALC