(MASTER GAMES Co,.Ltd,)
Global Privacy Policy
By registering for an MASTER GAMES Account (also known as an Origin Account), using this site and/or any of MASTER GAMES’s online or mobile products and services, you agree to MASTER GAMES’s Privacy Policy and that we may transfer and store your account information in the South Korea. By registering, you agree that MASTER GAMES may process your data in accordance with the following privacy policy and that you will abide by MASTER GAMES’s Terms of Service.
1. MASTER GAMES Online Privacy Policy: Introduction
MASTER GAMES and its subsidiary companies respect the privacy rights of consumers and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about you. We have adopted this global online Privacy Policy to explain how we store and use personal and non-personal information we collect online on our websites, during your use of our online products and/or services (including online game play) and on mobile platforms.
2. What Is Personal Information And When Does MASTER GAMES Collect It ?
MASTER GAMES collects both personal and non-personal consumer information. Personal information collected by MASTER GAMES is discussed below in this section. Non-personal information is discussed below in next Section.
Personal information is information that identifies you and that may be used to contact you on-line or off-line. MASTER GAMES may collect personal information from our online visitors during
a. Contest registration and prize acceptance
b. Warranty registration and requests
c. Customer support and/or technical service requests
d. Registration for games and/or special game-specific events
e. Player match up and other head-to-head online competitions
f. Newsletter subscriptions, referral services, and other marketing surveys and email campaigns
g. Registration for MASTER GAMES and/or other service accounts
h. Creation of a personal profile
i. Product, service and/or subscription orders
j. Service requests from third party service providers on our site
k. Access to our products and/or services on social networks or other third party services
l. Otherwise through use of our software, mobile or online services where personal information is required for use and/or participation
Information collected will vary depending upon the activity and may include your name, email address, phone number, home address, birth date, mobile phone number and credit card information. Visitors to MASTER GAMES Mobile may be asked to provide the name of their mobile service carrier, model of their mobile phone and a valid mobile number so that we may provide purchase instructions directly to their mobile phone. In that context, your mobile number will only be used to send you a text message with a link to download your game and will not be retained for any other purpose. Prize winners may be required to provide their Social Security or other identification number for tax purposes, and will be used only for prize fulfillment.
3. What Is Non-Personal Information and When Does MASTER GAMES Collect It?
Non-personal information, alone, cannot be used to identify or contact you. MASTER GAMES collects non-personal information about your use of our online and mobile products and services both on our website and in the course of game play and software usage (on PC, mobile and game system platforms).
.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in the South Korea.  There may be instances where we are legally required to retain your information.
.
A.
What Types of Non-Personal Information Does MASTER GAMES Collect?
When you use MASTER GAMES online and mobile products and services or you play our games on your PC or game system, we may collect certain non-personal demographic information including gender, zip code, information about your computer, hardware, software, platform, game system, media, mobile device, including device IDs, incident data, Internet Protocol (IP) address, network Media Access Control (MAC) address and connection. We also collect other non-personal information such as username, user ID or persona, feature usage, game play statistics, scores and achievements, user rankings and click paths as well as other data that you may provide in surveys, via your account preferences and online profiles such as friends lists or purchases, for instance. We may also receive either non-personal or public information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you
B.
How Does MASTER GAMES Collect Non-Personal Information?
MASTER GAMES collects non-personal information along with personal information when you actively provide it in the context of various online and mobile activities including online and mobile purchases, game registration and marketing surveys, for instance. In addition, we and other third parties use cookies and other technologies to passively collect non-personal demographic information, personalize your experience on our sites and monitor advertisements and other activities as described below.  We may also derive from the information collected other facts, such as determining the applicable tax rate based on your IP address.
4. What Happens To The Information MASTER GAMES Collects?
A.
How MASTER GAMES Uses Your Information
MASTER GAMES uses your information to fulfill your specific requests, purchase orders and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information. In addition, the personal information you provide will allow us to send you messages about things including new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests and events of interest. You may also later opt out of certain of these communications.
Otherwise, MASTER GAMES uses personal and non-personal information, both individually and combined together, to better understand the behavior and preferences of our customers, to troubleshoot technical problems, to serve static and dynamic advertising, to enforce our Terms of Service, to ensure proper functioning of our products and services as well as to help improve them. In addition, we combine non-personal information with personal information, such as an email address, to administer loyalty programs, tailor our offerings, web pages or game play experience to you.
By use of friend finder tools such as Facebook, Game Center or other third party services in our online products and services including mobile, you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your MASTER GAMES Account, also known as an Origin Account, (and related gaming entitlements, including games played on PC, mobile and console platforms) with your social networking profile and/or email address. Your resulting friends’ list, which may be accessible across MASTER GAMES social platforms as available, will be subject to this privacy policy.  Note that the friends that you choose to include on any MASTER GAMES or Origin friends’ list may be able to find and/or identify you in the context of different MASTER GAMES products and services.  Choose your friends carefully.
f you choose to use our referral service to "Tell a Friend" about an MASTER GAMES product or site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will send your friend an email on your behalf inviting him or her to visit the site or check out our product. MASTER GAMES stores your friend's name and email for a short period for the sole purpose of sending this email and for redundancy checking, to be sure that your friend does not receive multiple copies of the same email message. We do not keep or use this information for any other purpose.
Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is also conditional upon our collection, use, storage, transmission and public display of statistical data (such as your scores, rankings and achievements) generated through your participation.
B.
Will MASTER GAMES Share My Information With Third Parties?
MASTER GAMES will never share your personal information with third parties without your consent.   We may, however, share anonymous, non-personal, aggregated and/or public information with third parties.  There may be circumstances where you may share information on your own.  Please see
Section 8
for more details about your rights to information you share publicly on MASTER GAMES and other third party sites and forums. You may also opt in to allow MASTER GAMES to share your personal information with companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. To opt out of further communications from a marketing partner or sponsor with whom your information has been shared, please contact that partner or sponsor directly.
MASTER GAMES does not disclose any personal information about children under 18 years of age who have registered on any of our websites to third parties, or share or disclose personal information other than as set forth in this policy, provided however, that in the event of a merger, acquisition, or the unlikely event of bankruptcy, management of MASTER GAMES customer information may be transferred to its successor or assign regardless of age.
From time to time, MASTER GAMES employs third party contractors to collect personal information on our behalf to provide email delivery, product, prize or promotional fulfillment, contest administration, credit card processing, shipping or other services on our sites. When requesting these services, you may be asked to supply your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address to our contractors. We ask some third party contractors, such as credit agencies, data analytics or market research firms, to supplement personal information that you provide to us for our own marketing and demographic studies, so that we can consistently improve our sites and related advertising to better meet our visitors' needs and preferences. To enrich our understanding of individual customers, we tie this information to the personal information you provide to us.
When our third party agents or service providers collect and/or have access any information other than non-personal, anonymous and/or aggregated data, MASTER GAMES requires that they use data consistently with our stated privacy policies and protect the confidentiality of personal information they collect or have access to in the course of their engagement by MASTER GAMES. These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose without your specific consent.
You will be notified before your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party.
We may also access and disclose personal information, including personal communications, in connection with report abuse functions in our products and services, to enforce legal rights and comply with the law, or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority, or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on MASTER GAMES. Note that certain publically available information you post and communicate on our and third party sites and services is public information for which you have no expectation of privacy.  See Section XI for more details.
4. Where Is The Information Held?
MASTER GAMES is a global organization and the majority of the computer systems on which MASTER GAMES collects, stores, and uses the information it collects or receives are based in the South Korea. Under limited circumstances, we may utilize data storage facilities located in Asia and/or the European Union. Your personal information may be transferred to, used, processed or held by MASTER GAMES in the South Korea and in other countries, including countries both in and outside the European Union and Asia, and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
5. How Does MASTER GAMES Protect Your Personal Information?
The security of you and your child’s personal information is important to us. We use generally accepted methods to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and in storage. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in the South Korea.
6. Review, Correction Of Your Information, Requesting Removal From Mailing Lists And Deactivating Your Account
If you wish to delete your game account and related data, please follow the process below.
1. You can request account deletion by pressing the [Leave Game] button on the settings screen in the game app. However, accounts requested for withdrawal are not deleted immediately, but deleted after 2 weeks to prevent abusing. If you wish to re-subscribe during this period, you can activate your account and use it again.
2. After that period has elapsed, all data associated with your account will be deleted and cannot be permanently recovered.
You can correct or update your account information at any time by logging on our site and navigating to “My Account,” “View My Profile” or other account settings. Should you be unable to log in or wish to have your account(s) deactivated, contact the Privacy Policy Administratorin the South Korea. We will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate. We may still retain your information in our files however, to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, and due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our websites.

Some MASTER GAMES sites or services may collect personal information that is not accessible via our site. However, in such cases, you may be able to access that information through alternative means of access described by the service or by writing your local privacy policy administrator at www.mastergames.co.kr and you will be contacted within 30 days regarding your request.
7. A Special Note About Children
MASTER GAMES encourages parents to spend time online with their children. We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses or phone numbers without permission when using the Internet. We recognize a special obligation to protect personal information obtained from young children. Therefore, with respect to children residing in certain jurisdictions, no information should be submitted nor posted to MASTER GAMES online sites by children 12 years of age or under.
If children 12 years old and under in such jurisdictions wish to participate in online activities that require or permit the disclosure of personal information, we will request that they provide their parent or guardian's email address to notify the parent, obtain prior permission or other verifiable consent from the parent or guardian as may be necessary to participate in the activities of the site. In some other jurisdictions, notification, prior written permission or other verifiable consent may be required of a parent or guardian for children from 13 to 17 years of age.
Some MASTER GAMES websites are especially targeted to children and may permit children to create a free account for which we collect username, password, date of birth and the parent’s email address. Because an email address is necessary to respond to lost password requests and account administration, in some circumstances we may also collect the child’s email address. In these instances we will send notice to the parent email address to provide an opportunity to opt-out and have the child’s email address and any other details removed. Newsletter subscriptions are handled similarly.
These websites may also offer parents the opportunity to upgrade their child’s account to a paid subscription that permits the child to participate in more activities on the site. These subscription services may also enable parents to manage their child’s account and create new player accounts.
Most of these websites permit children to create custom avatars, or virtual cartoon-like characters, for use in various activities on the website including mini-games and virtual worlds. The child may also use other features to “Tell a Friend” about the website, send eCards or give us feedback. “Tell a Friend” and eCard features allow children to send their friends a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. We will collect your child’s first name and/or email address and the friend’s email address for the sole purpose of sending them this one-time email. This information is not retained or used for any other purpose and we do not share your child’s email address with the recipient.
Feedback may also be provided to MASTER GAMES through “Tell us what you think” features or surveys. “Tell us what you think” collects the sender’s email address and a brief description of their concern. Email addresses obtained through “Tell us what you think” are not used for any purpose other than to respond to the sender. If we determine that the child is under 12, we will delete their email address once we have responded to their inquiry. Survey information is anonymous.
Where chat is allowed for children, users type messages to other users in an open forum setting. In these circumstances, MASTER GAMES uses Safe Chat which restricts children from entering any personally identifiable information by applying a filter to allow only acceptable words and phrases in an attempt to block offensive content as well as attempts to communicate personally identifiable information to other users. Safe Chat also provides users the option of selecting pre-approved common phrases. Where chat is provided, Report Abuse links are also maintained to further enhance the safety of the site.
Parents may delete previously registered players at any time by emailing through our support site at www.mastergames.co.kr or by sending an email to the Privacy Policy Administrator in the South Korea.
Information collected is secured in a manner consistent with this privacy policy (see
Section 5
above). If we change how we handle your child’s information, we will notify you in a manner consistent with this policy.
Under no circumstances do we condition a child's participation in an activity—like contests—on the child's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. On certain sites, we may not permit children to participate at all regardless of consent. Where consent is granted, consent is applicable only to that site. Regardless of jurisdiction, MASTER GAMES does not disclose any personal information about children less than 18 years of age who have registered on any of our websites to third parties, or share or disclose personal information other than as set forth in this policy.
If for any reason you are concerned that your child's personally identifiable information maintained by MASTER GAMES is not correct or complete, should you wish to have your child's personal information deleted from our records, or if you want MASTER GAMES to discontinue further collection or use of your child's personal information, please contact the Privacy Policy Administrator in the South Korea. The Privacy Policy Administrator will be happy to review, update or remove your child's information as appropriate.
8. Public Information Including User Generated Content, Online Forums, Blogs And Profiles
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to MASTER GAMES sites or games or in our online chat rooms, blogs, message boards, user “profiles” for public view or in similar forums on our sites and/or on third party sites. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there.
You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to make public in any of these forums.
Note also that in the ordinary course of Internet activity, certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies.  MASTER GAMES has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share.
If you post a video, image or photo on one of our sites for public view you should be aware that these may be viewed, collected, copied and/or used by other users without your consent. We are not responsible for the videos, images or photos that you choose to submit to MASTER GAMES’s site. Please see our Terms of Service at terms.ea.com on this point and for other guidelines about posting content on our websites.
9.  Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact the MASTER GAMES Privacy Policy Administrator for the country in which you reside at the email address 'master@mastergames.co.kr'. or please call (+8207047604084) or write to MaserGames Co,.Ltd,, 18, Bucheon-ro 198beon-gil, Wonmi-gu, Bucheon-si, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea 202dong 1515ho.
For more information and updates to our online Privacy Policy, visit www.mastergames.co.kr/privacy_polocy
Effective Date
: November 1, 2015