Beli Technologies, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Effective as of March 5, 2024.
This Privacy Policy describes how Beli Technologies, Inc. and our subsidiaries and affiliates ("
Beli
," "
we
," “
us
,” or "
our
") processes personal information that we collect through our digital or online properties or services that link to this Privacy Policy (including as applicable, our website, mobile application, social media pages, marketing activities, live events and other activities described in this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “
Service
”)). Beli may provide additional or supplemental privacy policies to individuals for specific products or services that we offer at the time we collect personal information.
NOTICE TO EUROPEAN USERS:
Please see the
Notice to European Users
section for additional information for individuals located in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom (which we refer to as “
Europe
”, and “
European
” should be understood accordingly) below.
Index
●
Personal information we collect
●
How we use your personal information
●
How we share your personal information
●
Your choices
●
Other sites and services
●
Security
●
International data transfeRS
●
Children
●
Changes to this Privacy Policy
●
How to contact us
●
Notice to European Users
Personal information we collect
Information you provide to us or that we may generate about you.
Personal information you may provide to us through the Service or otherwise or that we may generate about you includes:
●
Contact data
, such as your first and last name, salutation, email address, and phone number.
●
Account data
, such as your username and password that you may set to establish an online account on the Service.
●
Profile data
, such as your biographical details, profile photograph, links to your profiles on social networks, accounts you follow on the Service, your position on the leaderboard, your home city, cuisine preferences, dietary restrictions, those restaurants you have visited and those you want to visit, your age, labels you have applied to certain restaurants, your favorite dishes at a restaurant, your school, your graduation year, company, calendar information (where you have granted us access), information about your participation in our contests, promotions, or surveys, and any other information that you add to your account profile.
●
Communications data
based on our exchanges with you, including when you contact us through the Service, social media, or otherwise.
●Derived data
, such as information we derive from personal information about you based on your activities in interacting with the Service which could include your profile data, preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience.
●Marketing data
, such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications and details about your engagement with them.
●User-generated content data
, such as photos, images, videos, comments, questions, messages, reviews of restaurants, chats, your likes of other users’ user-generated content, and other content or information that you generate, transmit, or otherwise make available on the Service, as well as associated metadata. Metadata includes information on how, when, where and by whom a piece of content was collected and how that content has been formatted or edited. Metadata also includes information that users can add or can have added to their content, such as keywords, geographical or location information, and other similar data.
●
Promotion data
, including information you share when you enter a competition, promotion or complete a survey. Please note that if you participate in a sweepstakes, contest or giveaway through the Service, we may ask you for your Contact Data to notify you if you win or not, to verify your identity, determine your eligibility, and/or to send you prizes. In some situations, we may need additional information as a part of the entry process, such as a prize selection choice. These sweepstakes and contests are voluntary. We recommend that you read the rules and other relevant information for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter.
●
Other data
not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Third-party sources.
We may combine personal information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, such as:
●
Public sources
, such as government agencies, public records, social media platforms, and other publicly available sources.
●Private sources
, such as data providers and social media platforms.
●
Our affiliate partners
, such as our affiliate network provider and publishers, influencers, and promoters who participate in our paid affiliate programs.
●
Marketing partners
, such as joint marketing partners and event co-sponsors.
●
Third-party services
, such as social media services that you may link to your account on the Service. This data may include your username, profile picture and other information associated with your account on that third-party service that is made available to us based on your account settings on that service.
Automatic data collection.
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Service, our communications and other online services, such as:
●
Device data
, such as your computer or mobile device’s operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, RAM and disk size, CPU usage, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), device height, device width, IP address, unique identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language settings, mobile device carrier, radio/network information (e.g., Wi-Fi, LTE, 3G), and general location information such as city, state or geographic area.
●
Online activity data
, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing to the Service, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times and duration of access, and whether you have opened our emails or clicked links within them.
●
Precise geolocation data
when you authorize the Service to access your device’s location.
●
Communication interaction data
such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Cookies and similar technologies.
Some of our automatic data collection is facilitated by cookies and similar technologies. For more information, see our
Cookie Notice
. We will also store a record of your preferences in respect of the use of these technologies in connection with the Service.
Data about others.
We may offer features that help users invite their friends or contacts to use the Service, and we may collect contact details about these invitees so we can deliver their invitations. Please do not refer someone to us or share their contact details with us unless you have their permission to do so.
Google user data.
If you connect the Service to a Google account, this Privacy Policy will apply to the Google user data that we collect from Google. Notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy, if you provide us access Google User Data (as defined below), our use of that data will be subject to these additional restrictions:
●The Service will only access information that we need to provide you with the Service, including calendar event titles and descriptions, email addresses of invitees on those events, locations of events, and other calendar metadata (“
Google User Data
”).
●The Service will not use Google User Data for serving advertisements.
●The Service will not allow humans to read Google User Data unless we have your affirmative agreement, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for the Service’s internal operations and, even then, only when your Google User Data has been aggregated and anonymized.
How we use your personal information
We may use your personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations.
We may use your personal information to:
●provide and operate the Service and our business;
●personalizing the service, including remembering the devices from which you have previously logged in and remembering your selections and preferences as you navigate the Service;
●establish and maintain your user profile on the Service;
●facilitate your invitations to friends who you want to invite to join the Service;
●facilitate social features of the Service, such as by identifying and suggesting connections with other users of the Service and providing chat or messaging functionality;
●enable security features of the Service, such as by remembering devices from which you have previously logged in;
●communicate with you about the Service, including by sending Service-related announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
●communicate with you about events or contests in which you participate;
●understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Service and our communications; and
●provide support for the Service, and respond to your requests, questions and feedback.
Research and development.
We may use your personal information for research and development purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and our business and to develop new products and services. As part of these activities, we may create aggregated, de-identified and/or anonymized data from personal information we collect. We make personal information into de-identified or anonymized data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this aggregated, de-identified or otherwise anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and promote our business.
Marketing and advertising.
We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes:
●
Direct marketing.
We may send you direct marketing communications and may personalize these messages based on your needs and interests. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the
Opt-out of marketing
section below.
●
Interest-based advertising.
Our third-party advertising partners may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interaction (including the data described in the automatic data collection section above) with the Service, our communications and other online services over time, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. This is called interest-based advertising. We may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar users on other online platforms. You can learn more about your choices for limiting interest-based advertising in our
Cookie Notice
.
●
Location-based advertising.
We may personalize the advertisements we serve to you where you have authorized us to access the location of your device.
Events, promotions and contests.
We may use your personal information to:
●administer promotions and contests
●communicate with you about promotions or contests in which you participate
●contact or market to you after collecting your personal information at an event
Service improvement and analytics.
We may use your personal information to analyze your usage of the Service, improve the Service, improve the rest of our business, help us understand user activity on the Service, including which pages are most and least visited and how visitors move around the Service, as well as user interactions with our emails, and to develop new products and services.
Compliance and protection.
We may use your personal information to:
●comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas, investigations or requests from government authorities;
●protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
●audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements or our internal policies;
●enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and
●prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
Retention.
We generally retain personal information to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, to establish or defend legal claims, or for fraud prevention purposes. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we may consider factors such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
When we no longer require the personal information we have collected about you, we may either delete it, anonymize it, or isolate it from further processing.
How we share your personal information
We may share your personal information with the following parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, in other applicable notices, or at the time of collection.
Affiliates.
Our corporate parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates.
Service providers.
Third parties that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Service or our business (such as hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery, marketing, consumer research and website analytics).
Advertising partners.
Third-party advertising companies for the
interest-based advertising purposes
described above.
Third parties designated by you.
We may share your personal information with third parties where you have instructed us or provided your consent to do so. For example, we may share your personal information with third-party advertisers with whom we are collaborating to offer you additional services such as sweepstakes, raffles, and promotions. We will share personal information that is needed for these other companies to provide the services that you have requested.
Business and marketing partners.
Third parties with whom we co-sponsor events or promotions, with whom we jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services may be of interest to you.
Linked third-party services.
If you log into the service with, or otherwise link your Service account to, a social media or other third-party service, we may share your personal information with that third-party service. The third party’s use of the shared information will be governed by its privacy policy and the settings associated with your account with the third-party service.
Professional advisors.
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Authorities and others.
Law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the
Compliance and protection purposes
described above.
Business transferees.
We may disclose personal information in the context of actual or prospective business transactions (e.g., investments in or financings of Beli, public stock offerings, or the sale, transfer or merger of all or part of our business, assets or shares), for example, we may need to share certain personal information with prospective counterparties and their advisers. We may also disclose your personal information to an acquirer, successor, or assignee of Beli as part of any merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or similar transaction, and/or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which personal information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
Other users and the public.
Parts of your profile and other user-generated content data (except for messages) will be visible to other users of the Service and the public . For example, other users of the Service or the public may have access to your information if you choose to make your profile or other personal information available to them through the Service, such as when you provide comments, restaurant reviews, survey responses, or share other content.  This information can be seen, collected and used by others, including being cached, copied, screen captured or stored elsewhere by others, and we are not responsible for any such use of this information.
Your choices
In this section, we describe the rights and choices available to all users.
Users who are located in Europe can find additional information about their rights below in the
Notice to European Users
.
Access or update your information.
If you have registered for an account with us through the Service, you may review and update certain account information (such as making certain of your account information private) by logging into the account.
Opt-out of communications.
You may opt-out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email, or by
contacting us
. Please note that if you choose to opt-out of marketing-related emails, you may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.
If you receive text messages from us, you may opt out of receiving further text messages from us by replying STOP to our message. You may also text STOP to +19179871511.
Cookies.
For information about cookies employed by the Service and how to control them, see our
Cookie NoticE
.
Blocking images/clear gifs:
Most browsers and devices allow you to configure your device to prevent images from loading. To do this, follow the instructions in your particular browser or device settings.
Mobile location data.
You can disable our access to your device’s precise geolocation in your mobile device settings.
Do Not Track.
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Declining to provide information.
We need to collect personal information to provide certain services. If you do not provide the information we identify as required or mandatory, we may not be able to provide those services.
Linked third-party platforms.
If you choose to connect to the Service through your social media account or other third-party platform, you may be able to use your settings in your account with that platform to limit the information we receive from it. If you revoke our ability to access information from a third-party platform, that choice will not apply to information that we have already received from that third party.
Delete your content or close your account.
You can choose to delete, or temporarily deactivate, your account through your account settings.
Other sites and services
The Service may contain links to websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties. In addition, our content may be integrated into web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. These links and integrations are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. We do not control websites, mobile applications or online services operated by third parties, and we are not responsible for their actions. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites, mobile applications and online services you use.
Security
We employ a number of technical, organizational and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect. However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
International data transfers
We are headquartered in the United States and may use service providers that operate in other countries. Your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country.
Users in Europe should read the important information provided below in the
Notice to European Users
about transfers of personal information outside of Europe.
Children
The Service is not intended for use by anyone under 13 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian of a child from whom you believe we have collected personal information in a manner prohibited by law, please contact us. If we learn that we have collected personal information through the Service from a child without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian as required by law, we will comply with applicable legal requirements to delete the information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the Service or other appropriate means. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the modified version (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your use of the Service after the effective date of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acknowledging that the modified Privacy Policy applies to your interactions with the Service and our business.
How to contact us
●Email: support@beliapp.com
Notice to European Users
General
Where this Notice to European Users applies.
The information provided in this
Notice to European Users section
applies only to individuals located in Europe.
Personal information.
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy should be understood to include a reference to “personal data” as defined in the “
GDPR
” (i.e., the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (
“EU GDPR”
) and the EU GDPR as it forms part of the laws of the United Kingdom (
“UK GDPR”
). Under the GDPR, “personal data” means information about individuals from which they are either directly identified or can be identified. The personal information that we collect from and about you is described in greater detail in
‘Personal information we collect’
.
Controller.
Beli is the controller in respect of the processing of your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy for purposes of the GDPR. See the ‘How to contact us’ section above for our contact details.
Our GDPR representatives.
We have appointed the following representatives in Europe as required by the GDPR – you can contact them directly should you wish:
Our Representative in the UK.
Our UK representative appointed under the UK GDPR is DataRep. You can contact them:
●By email to:
datarequest@datarep.com
●By postal mail to: DataRep, 107-111 Fleet   Street, London, EC4A 2AB, United Kingdom
OUR REPRESENTATIVE IN THE EU
. OUR EU REPRESENTATIVE APPOINTED UNDER THE EU GDPR IS DATAREP. YOU CAN CONTACT THEM:
●BY EMAIL TO:
DATAREQUEST@DATAREP.COM
●BY POSTAL MAIL TO: DATAREP, 72 RUE DE LESSARD, ROUEN 76100, FRANCE
Our legal bases for processing
General data processing
In respect of each of the purposes for which we use your personal information, the GDPR requires us to ensure that we have a “legal basis” for that use.
Our legal bases for processing your personal information described in this Privacy Policy are listed below.
●Where we need to perform a contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you (“
Contractual Necessity
”).
●Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests (“
Legitimate Interests
”). More detail about the specific legitimate interests pursued in respect of each purpose we use your personal information for is set out in the table below.
●Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation (“
Compliance with Law
”).
●Where we have your specific consent to carry out the processing for the purpose in question (“
Consent
”).
We have set out below the legal bases we rely on in respect of the relevant purposes for which we use your personal information – for more information on these purposes and the data types involved, see
‘How we use your personal information’
. For more information on the condition we rely upon to process your special categories of personal data, see
‘Special categories of personal information processing’
below.
Special categories of personal information processing
As part of your profile on the Service, you may choose to provide us with certain data about your dietary requirements. This may reveal information related to your religious or philosophical beliefs (e.g., if you follow a kosher or halal diet) or your health (e.g., if you are lactose intolerant or allergic to certain foods) – these are considered “
special categories
” of personal information under the GDPR.
We will only collect such special categories where you have provided us with your explicit consent to its use for the specific purpose of ensuring that your experience on the Service is appropriately personalized. If you do not want us to process your special categories of personal information, you can always choose not to provide us with this information. You will still be able to use the Service but we will not be able to personalize the Service to align with your dietary requirements (e.g., recommend restaurants to you that suit your dietary requirements).
Other than in relation to your dietary requirements, we ask that you not provide us with any other special categories of personal information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Service or otherwise.
Retention
We retain personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, to establish or defend legal claims, or for Compliance and protection purposes.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
When we no longer require the personal information, we have collected about you, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If we anonymize your personal information (so that it can no longer be associated with you), we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Other info
No Automated Decision-Making and Profiling.
As part of the Service, we do not engage in automated decision-making and/or profiling, which produces legal or similarly significant effects.
Your rights
General.
European data protection laws give you certain rights regarding your personal information. If you are located in Europe, you may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
●
Access
. Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
●
Correct.
Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
●
Delete.
Delete your personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it - you also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
●
Transfer.
Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
●
Restrict.
Restrict the processing of your personal information, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
●
Object.
Object to our processing of your personal information where we are relying on Legitimate Interests – you also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
●
Withdraw Consent.
When we use your personal information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
Exercising These Rights.
You may submit these requests by email to support@beliapp.com or our postal address provided above. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Whether or not we are required to fulfill any request you make will depend on a number of factors (e.g., why and how we are processing your personal information), if we reject any request you may make (whether in whole or in part) we will let you know our grounds for doing so at the time, subject to any legal restrictions.
Your Right to Lodge a Complaint with your Supervisory Authority.
In addition to your rights outlined above, if you are not satisfied with our response to a request you make, or how we process your personal information, you can make a complaint to the data protection regulator in your habitual place of residence.
●
For users in the European Economic Area
– the contact information for the data protection regulator in your place of residence can be found here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
●
For users in the UK
– the contact information for the UK data protection regulator can be found here:
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
Data Processing outside Europe
We are a U.S.-based company and many of our service providers, advisers, partners or other recipients of data are also based in the U.S. This means that, if you use the Service, your personal information will necessarily be accessed and processed in the U.S. It may also be provided to recipients in other countries outside Europe.
Where we share your personal information with third parties who are based outside Europe, we try to ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by making sure one of the following mechanisms is implemented:
●
Transfers to territories with an adequacy decision.
We may transfer your personal information to countries or territories whose laws have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal information by the European Commission or UK Government (as and where applicable) (from time to time) or under specific adequacy frameworks approved by the European Commission or UK Government (as and where applicable) from time-to-time, such as the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework or the UK Extension thereto.
●
Transfers to territories without an adequacy decision.
We may transfer your personal information to countries or territories whose laws have not been deemed to provide such an adequate level of protection.
However, in these cases:
we may use specific appropriate safeguards, which are designed to give personal information effectively the same protection it has in Europe – for example, standard-form contracts approved by relevant authorities for this purpose; or
in limited circumstances, we may rely on an exception, or ‘derogation’, which permits us to transfer your personal information to such country despite the absence of an ‘adequacy decision’ or ‘appropriate safeguards’ – for example, reliance on your explicit consent to that transfer.
You may contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of Europe.