Bring!
Home
Why Bring?
Advertising
About us
Careers
Blog
Get Bring!
Media
Blog
Help
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
Decline
Accept
Privacy Policy
General information
Bring! Labs AG („Bring!“) respects the protection of your personal data. In this Privacy Notice we inform you about which personal data we collect whenever you use our Bring! Mobile App or our Bring! Web App (https://web.getbring.com) (hereinafter together "app") and our website https://www.getbring.com ("website"), how we use and disclose your personal data and how your personal data are protected. This Privacy Notice is for your information purposes only. If and to the extent that we require your consent for the processing of your personal data, we will explicitly ask for your consent aside from this Privacy Notice.
The data controller is
Bring! Labs AG
Räffelstrasse 26
CH-8045 Zürich
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, you may contact us at any time by sending us an email (feedback@getbring.com).
What is the Bring! App and how can I use the Bring! App?
Bring! App is a digital shopping list that allows you to plan your shopping activities. With Bring! you have the possibility to create shopping lists and share them with other people. If you want to, you may obtain information about local offers and bargains directly in the app and look for promotions.
Bring! App also provides you with ideas and inspires you to try new recipes or read other interesting stories about food.
If you like, you can also save your loyalty cards in Bring!
When does Bring! collect personal data about me?
We collect personal data about you whenever you:
Download and use our app
Create an app account to be able to use other app functions (e.g. joint shopping list), and
Send us other inquiries.
What personal data does Bring! collect about me and why?
Collection and processing of data in connection with the Bring! App
(a) Downloading and using the Bring! App in general
‍
Whenever you access and download our Bring! App, we collect from you and process the following personal data:
Information about the smartphone and internet connection you used, such as for example device IDs ("Device tokens") and IP addresses
Recipes, offers and items which interest you and/or which you added to your shopping list
Country and language.
(b) Creating an app account and using other functions in the Bring! App
Whenever you create an app account and use any of the other functions that thereby become available to you, we collect and process the following personal data:
Information about the smartphone and internet connection you used, such as for example device IDs ("Device tokens") and IP addresses
Information about your user account, i.e. user name, user ID and - in coded form - the password to your app account as well as your user default settings in the app
E-mail address
Photo (optional)
Country and language
Recipes, offers and items which interest you and/or which you added to your shopping list
Social account information
(c) Measuring the success of advertising campaigns
The measurement of success of advertising campaigns is based on our legitimate interest in understanding how campaigns and advertisements can be used to improve the advertisements.
For this purpose we use User-ID, which allows us the following measures: Measuring your interaction with banners by counting the number of ads of a banner without clicking on it, click rate, identification of unique use, security measures, fraud prevention and error correction.
‍
(d) Optional functions in the Bring! App
1. Offers
By using our Bring! App you have the opportunity to view offers and promotions of various providers (e.g. supermarkets, discounters, drugstores). If you would like to have access to local offers and promotions and separately agree to share your location data with us, your personal data is processed in order to select suitable offers for you and show you shopping opportunities offered by local providers at or near your current location.
You can restrict or completely disable the transmission of your location data to Bring! at any time in the settings of your smartphone.
To adjust the transmission of location data in iOS
‍
Go to Settings > Privacy > Location Services. Here you can turn off location sharing altogether, or allow or prohibit it for individual apps.
To adjust the transmission of location data in Android OS
Open "Settings" and tap "Location". Here you can disable location services. To adjust the permissions for individual apps, select "App permissions" and then "Location". Here you can control which apps can access your location data.
Please note that the functionality "Offers" is generally available to you in an opt-out mode, but in that case we will not be able to show you actual offers in your proximity.
‍
2. Loyalty cards
‍
You can also use the function to store your loyalty cards (e.g. Payback, Deutschland Card, Migros Cumulus, Cooper Supercard) in your profile. If you want to use this function, we need information about the customer card type, the individual customer number of your card provider and the barcode scanned by you using our integrated barcode scanner. We use the aforementioned data to provide you with this selected service, so you always have your customer card electronically at hand.
Collection and processing of data in connection with our website
(a) Data collected and stored automatically when you visit our website
Whenever you visit our website (getbring.com), the data transmitted by your browser are collected and stored automatically. These data are stored in the log files of the server. The following data are involved:
Information about the type of browser and the browser version used by you
Operating system of the user
Internet Service Provider and IP address of the user
Date and time of your visit
We do not link these data to specific users but store them separately from other personal data.
(b) Creating an app account and inquiries addressed to us
You can also create an app account and send us your inquiries at any time. In this case we collect and process the following personal data:
Browser information
Name
E-mail address
Photo (optional)
Country and language
Recipes, offers and items which interest you and/or which you added to your shopping list
What do we do with your personal data?
We use the personal data mentioned above for the following purposes:
to make available, service and protect our app and our website
to improve our app and our website based on user habits
to allow you to use certain services in our app and on our website
for purposes of analysis and performance in order to improve your experience with our app continuously
if available to you - to inform you as registered user of our app by email about new recipes and trends and to keep you up to date on news about our app. You may withdraw your consent to receive such information at any time by sending us an email at feedback@getbring.com or by clicking on the link in the respective email
to notify you of suitable offers and promotions that might interest you or to point out to you shopping opportunities in your proximity
to provide you with interesting insights into your shopping behaviour on a regular basis (once a month at the most) in the app or via email (for example: your most frequently purchased items or your use of shopping lists compared to other list recipients)
to provide you with relevant advertising and retargeting on our app and website
to answer your inquiries
Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the collection and processing of data described above depends on the personal data in question and the specific context in which we collect them.
The legal basis for processing the personal data you provide to us in the course of using our app and its services and functionalities is to fulfill our contractual obligations to you. Furthermore we process personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, e.g. for the purpose of direct marketing or for analyzing user behavior so as to make our app more user-friendly and optimize it.
If you separately agree to share your location data with us in order to view location-specific promotions and offers (e.g. supermarkets, discounters, drugstores) or if you separately agree, with our help, to have your shopping items delivered to your home and therefore provide your contact details with us and agree to share these with our supermarket partners, the legal basis for processing is your consent.
The data that are collected automatically when you use our website are processed on the basis of our legitimate interest to maintain our website and understand how our website is used in order to be able to improve our offer on our website.
If you have questions about the legal basis for processing your personal data or if you need further information, please get in touch with us using our contact data under the heading "
How to contact us
".
Who does Bring! disclose my personal data to?
We disclose your personal data to the following third parties:
‍
To our service providers who process personal data on our behalf for the following purposes
‍
We call on other service providers to process your personal data on our behalf in order to enable us to offer and make available to you our app and our app functions in accordance with the afore-mentioned purposes, to better understand your interests and to optimize our offers in our app and on our website.
Some service providers use cookies or similar tracking technologies in order to provide you with promotions or other contents on the basis of your browser activities and interests. You may object to the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by managing your browser settings accordingly. Please read the technical information of your browser or mobile device to find the instructions for deleting and deactivating cookies and other tracking/recording tools.
‍
To our partners
If you decide to use certain services and functionalities in our app that include a transfer and process of your personal data to a third party partner and requires your separate consent, we will explicitly ask for your consent aside from this Privacy Notice.By agreeing to the processing of your data, you confirm that you comply to the terms & conditions according to Art. 8 GDPR.
‍
To the competent enforcement agencies, supervisory authorities, government agencies, courts or other third parties,
if disclosure is necessary (i) based on applicable laws or regulations, (ii) for the exercise, protection or defense of our rights or (iii) for the protection of your material interests or the material interests of another person.
International data transfer
Our servers are located in the USA. As described in Point 7, Bring! discloses your personal data to service providers and partners which might be located in areas outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). In case your personal data are transferred and processed outside of the EEA, we possess or have secured suitable guarantees for an adequate data protection level (e.g. Privacy Shield certification; execution of standard agreement clauses). If you have further questions in this respect or if you wish to receive a copy of these guarantees,
please contact us at any time
.
Cookies
If you use our webservices, we store certain information on the hard disk of your computer by means of so-called cookies (small text or image files). Cookies permit us to adapt the webservices to your interests and needs. For example a cookie may contain information about the pages you visited, allowing us to adapt the webservices accordingly for your next visit. Cookies do not give us access to other areas of your computer.
You can prevent your hard disk from storing cookies by deactivating the storage of cookies in the default settings of your browser. Alternatively you may deactivate the cookies of third-party providers in your browser. This might limit the functionality of our offers.
Amazon Web Services
We use Amazon Web Services, provided by Amazon Web Services Inc, 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle WA 98109, USA ("AWS"), to host, control and analyse our services and the app.
When you use our app or visit our website, your personal data is processed on AWS servers.
For more information about how AWS handles your data, please see the AWS privacy policy:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/?nc1=h_ls
.
Analytics Services
Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service offered by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files stored on your computer which allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information about your use of the website generated by Google Analytics cookies is normally transferred to and stored on a Google server in the USA. On this website Google Analytics was expanded by the code "gat._anonymizeIp();" in order to ensure the anonymized collection of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). Thus your IP address is abbreviated beforehand by Google within the EU Member States or other Member States or the European Economic Area.
The complete IP address is transferred to a Google server in the USA only in rare cases and then abbreviated there. Google will use this information in order to analyze your use of the website, to compile reports about the website activities for the website operators and to provide additional services related to your website and Internet use.
The IP address transferred by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not linked to any other data stored by Google. You can prevent the collection of the data generated by Google Analytics cookies which refer to your use of the website (including your IP address) and the processing of these data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
You can also prevent the data collection by Google Analytics by clicking on the link below. It installs an opt-out cookie which will prevent the future collection of your data when visiting this website:
deactivate Google Analytics
.
You will find more information about the conditions of use and about data protection under
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/en.html
bzw. unter
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/
.
‍
Firebase Analytics
We use Firebase Analytics from Google Inc. to analyse user behaviour. Firebase Analytics allows us to analyse screen views, button clicks, in-app purchases and the effectiveness of advertising. It also allows us to determine which features within our application are used frequently or infrequently and to develop the features accordingly.
For these purposes, Firebase Analytics stores the number and duration of sessions, operating systems, device models, region, app runs, app updates or in-app purchases. More information about Firebase Analytics privacy and security can be found at
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy?hl=en
.
Appsflyer
To analyse our app, we use Appsflyer from the analytics service AppsFlyer Ltd, 85 Medinat Hayehudim St. Herzliya, Israel ("Appsflyer"). For this purpose, we provide Appsflyer with information about downloads and installations of the app, as well as information about certain "in-app events" such as purchases made in the app. The data sent to Appsflyer includes information such as IP address (anonymised), browser data, platform, SDK version, anonymised user ID, time key, developer key, application version and device identifiers (such as Advertiser Identifier), Google Advertising ID, device model, device manufacturer, operating system version, in-app events and network status (WLAN/3G).
You may object to the collection and storage of your data at any time by unsubscribing at https://www.appsflyer.com/optout.
More information about Appsflyer's privacy policy can be found on the Appsflyer website at
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
Offerista Tracking Tool
We use Offerista tracking tools from the service provider Offerista Group GmbH, Waldemarstrasse 33 a, 10999 Berlin, Germany ("Offerista") to analyse and evaluate the functions of the app and to design our services according to your needs and individual requirements.
For these purposes, Offerista stores the actions performed, the session ID, the time, the location and the version of the app.
For more information on how Offerista handles your data, please click
here
.
Hubspot CRM
For our online marketing activities (e.g. email contact) we also use the integrated software solution Hubspot CRM from the US software company Hubspot, based in 2nd Floor 30 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland ("Hubspot") on our website. For this purpose Hubspot uses cookies, a small text file which is stored on your computer when you visit our website, in order to be able to recognize you on the occasion of subsequent visits. You will find more information about the data protection provisions of Hubspot
here
.
You will find more information of Hubspot about the EU data protection regulations here
here
.
You will find more information about the cookies used by Hubspot
here
and
here
.
If you in general object to the collection of your data by Hubspot, you may at any time prevent the storage of cookies with your browser settings.
Performance measurement for advertisers
Our campaigns may include external URLs from our partners that are used to measure, for example, how many times a campaign has been clicked. This information is passed on to the relevant advertiser. The IP address is only processed in a shortened and therefore anonymous form so that no personal reference can be made.
Data storage, duration of storage
We store your personal data as long as is necessary for the purpose for which your personal data were collected and processed (for example as long as you use the app and are a registered user or in order to answer an inquiry sent by you by email).
If we have no longer any legitimate business need for the processing of your personal data, we will delete your personal data. Statutory retention obligations remain unaffected.
Your rights
If you want information about your personal data, access your personal data or have them rectified, updated or deleted, you may get in touch with us at any time using the contact information indicated under the heading "
How to contact us
".
If you are domiciled in the European Union you may also object to the processing of your personal data, ask us to limit the processing of your personal data or demand the transfer of your personal data. These rights may also be exercised by getting in touch with us using the contact information indicated under the heading "
How to contact us
".
You have the right to stop the advertising messages that we send to you at any time. Deregistration is possible at any time by way of the link in the newsletter provided for this purpose or by writing to us. In order to stop other types of advertising (e.g. via regular mail), please get in touch with us using the contact information indicated under the heading "
How to contact us
".
You may also revoke your consent at any time if we collect and process your personal data with your consent. Revoking your consent does not affect the legality of the processing of your personal data that we performed before the revocation of your consent or the processing of your personal data that we performed on the basis of a legitimate interest and for which no consent was necessary.
You have the right to file a complaint about the collection and use of your personal data with any data protection authority. For further information please contact your local data protection authority. (Contact information of the data protection authorities in the European Economic Area, in Switzerland and in some non-European countries (e.g. the USA and Canada) can be found
here
).
How to contact us
If you have questions or concerns regarding the use of your personal data, you may raise them at any time by contacting us at
feedback@getbring.com
.