Get Adapt Privacy Notice for app users
This Privacy Notice was last updated on 25/11/19.
What is the purpose of this document?
Get Adapt Ltd (trading as Adapt) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information.
We operate the Adapt revision app which gives users access to revision timetables, tailored to the users specific curriculum.
This privacy notice describes how we collect and use personal information about you during and after your use of the app, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This privacy notice applies to all users who use our app.
Get Adapt Ltd is a "data controller". This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you. We are required under data protection legislation to notify you of the information contained in this privacy notice.
We are a company registered in England and Wales under company registration number 11068598. Our registered office address is at 43 Philpot Street, London, England, E1 2JH. You can contact us by writing to us at that address. Alternatively, you can email us at support@getadapt.co.uk.
This notice applies to all users of our app. We may update this notice at any time but if we do so, we will let you know as soon as reasonably practical.
It is important that you read and retain this notice, together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal information about you, so that you are aware of how and why we are using such information and what your rights are under the data protection legislation.
Data protection principles
We will comply with data protection law. This says that the personal information we hold about you must be:
1. Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
2. Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
3. Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes.
4. Accurate and kept up to date.
5. Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
6. Kept securely.
The kind of information we hold about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
There are certain types of more sensitive personal data which require a higher level of protection, such as information about a person's health, racial or ethnic origin or criminal convictions.
We will collect, store, and use the following categories of personal information about you:
Personal contact details such as title, first names, surname, telephone numbers, and personal email addresses.
Username and password details.
Information about your education including (but not limited to) the academic institution you attend, your curriculum and grades achieved.
Information about your use of our app including (but not limited to) any location or University, business or career preferences you have subscribed to.
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our app that you visit, the time and date of your visit to our app, the time spent on the pages you visit, your unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We do not collect, store or use any sensitive personal data about you such as personal data about your health, racial or ethnic origin or criminal convictions.
How is your personal information collected?
We collect personal information about you through your use of the app such as when you create a user account on the app.
We will collect additional personal information during your use of our app and services such as information about the preferences you set within our app.
How we will use information about you
We will only use your personal information when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
1. Where we need to perform the contract we have with you under which we provide you with access to our app and services.
2. Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
3. Where it is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by us or a third party and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
4. Where we have your consent to contact you about marketing and other updates regarding our app.
We may also use your personal information where we need to protect your interests (or someone else's interests), although that is likely to be rare.
Situations in which we will use your personal information
We need all the categories of information in the list above primarily to allow us to properly provide our app and services to you and to enable us to comply with legal obligations. We may also use your personal information to pursue legitimate interests, provided your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. The situations in which we will process your personal information, and the lawful basis for the processing, are listed in the table below.
Situations in which we process personal data
Lawful basis for processing
To allow you to set up your user account and to access and make use of our app and services.
Performance of our contract with you.
To provide you with location based features such as location-based university or business recommendations.
Performance of our contract with you.
To provide you with support in using our app.
Performance of our contract with you.
To investigate misconduct or suspected misconduct and to deal with complaints.
Our legitimate interests to ensure the proper operation of our business.
To monitor your use of our app to ensure compliance with our rules, policies and procedures.
Our legitimate interests to ensure the proper operation of our business.
For our business management and planning, including accounting and auditing.
Our legitimate interests to ensure the proper operation of our business.
To make decisions about your continued use of our app and services.
Our legitimate interests to ensure the proper operation of our business.
To keep the app safe and secure
To comply with our legal obligations.
Our legitimate interests to ensure the proper operation of the app and business.
To prevent fraud.
To comply with our legal obligations.
Our legitimate interests to protect our business from fraud.
To ensure network and information security, including preventing unauthorised access to our computer and electronic communications systems and preventing malicious software distribution.
Our legitimate interests to ensure the security of our systems.
To detect, prevent and address technical issues.
Our legitimate interests to ensure the proper operation of our business.
To improve our app and services.
Our legitimate interests to ensure the continued improvement of our business.
To ensure that content on the app is presented in the most effective and relevant manner for you and for your device and to tailor the app’s experience and content based on the way that you use the app.
Our legitimate interests to ensure the continued improvement of our business.
To conduct data analytics studies to review and better understand use of our app.
Our legitimate interests to ensure the continued improvement of our business.
Where you have given your consent, to provide you with newsletters and marketing and promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
Consent.
To allow you to subscribe to university and/or business notifications and to receive such notifications.
Consent.
To notify you about changes to our app and services.
Performance of our contract with you.
Our legitimate interests to ensure you are aware of changes to our app and services.
If you fail to provide personal information
If you fail to provide certain information when requested, we may not be able to provide the app to you, or we may be prevented from complying with our legal obligations.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Automated decision-making
We do not envisage that any decisions will be taken about you using automated means, however we will notify you in writing if this position changes.
Advertising.
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here:
https://www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy
Data sharing
We will share your data with third parties, including Universities and businesses registered on the app, other entities in our group and our service providers.
We require third parties to respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
We may transfer your personal information outside the EU.
If we do, you can expect a similar degree of protection in respect of your personal information.
Why might you share my personal information with third parties?
We will share your personal information with third parties where required by law, where it is necessary to administer our relationship with you or in order for a third-party service provider to provide a service related to your use of our app and services.
Which third parties process my personal information?
"Third parties" include any University, higher education provider or business you subscribe to receive notifications and communications from on the app, our third-party service providers (including our contractors and designated agents) and other entities within our group.
We will share your personal information with our service providers including those providing administration, IT services and analytics services.
How secure is my information with third parties?
All our clients, service providers and other entities within our group are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information. They must only process your personal data for specified permitted purposes and in accordance with data protection law.
When might you share my personal information with other entities in the group?
We may share your personal information with other entities in our group as part of our regular reporting activities on company performance, in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise, for system maintenance support and hosting of data.
What about other third parties?
We may share your personal information with other third parties, for example in the context of the possible sale or restructuring of our business. In this situation we will, so far as possible, share anonymised data with the other parties before the transaction completes. Once the transaction is completed, we will share your personal data with the other parties if and to the extent required under the terms of the transaction.
We may need to share your personal information with a regulator or to otherwise comply with the law.
We may need to share your personal information with our professional advisors, the authorities and the courts in certain situations (for example, to enforce our legal rights or to defend ourselves against allegations or claims made against us, to prevent or investigate wrongdoings or suspected wrongdoings or to protect and safeguard the users who use our app and services).
Transferring information outside the EU
We use third parties to host our data. As part of the data hosting, the personal information we collect about you may be stored outside the EU.
However, to ensure that your personal information does receive an adequate level of protection we will make sure that we take steps necessary to protect your data as required by applicable laws. For instance, we may put in place the EU Commission’s approved Model Contractual Clauses or equivalent level protections to ensure that your personal information is treated by those third parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects the EU and UK laws on data protection.
Data security
We have put in place measures to protect the security of your information. Details of these measures are available upon request.
Our third-party service providers will only process your personal information on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat the information confidentially and to keep it secure.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to access your personal information. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
However, you should be aware that the transmission of information and data is never completely secure and there is a measure of risk associated with the use of any online service.
Data retention
How long will you use my information for?
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal information are available in our retention policy. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you.
Rights of access, correction, erasure, and restriction
Your duty to inform us of changes
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes during your use of the app. You can update your personal information in your account settings via our app.
Your rights in connection with personal information
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party.
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your personal data, or request that we transfer a copy of your personal information to another party, please contact
support@getadapt.co.uk in writing.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Right to withdraw consent
In the limited circumstances where you may have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. To withdraw your consent, please contact
support@getadapt.co.uk. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
The withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before your consent was withdrawn.
Use of cookies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our app and/or Adapt’s webpages accessible on the app and we hold certain information collected via cookies.
Links to other sites
Our app may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Data privacy manager
We have appointed a data privacy manager to oversee compliance with this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice or how we handle your personal information, please contact our data privacy manager. You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues.
Changes to this privacy notice
We reserve the right to update this privacy notice at any time, and we will provide you with a new privacy notice when we make any substantial updates. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal information.
You should review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, please contact our data privacy manager using the following contact details: support@getadapt.co.uk.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy:
Warning!
Your browser does not support JavaScript!
Raptive Advertising Privacy Statement
CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a Raptive (“Raptive”) has an affiliate agreement with the website from which you linked (the “Site”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site. This Advertising Privacy Statement explains how Raptive uses your data and supersedes any other language on the Site (if any) with respect to the data privacy practices of Raptive.
We Collect Personal Data for Online Advertising
We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help understand your interests, Raptive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behavior on the site from which you linked and on other websites across the Internet using data available from your web browser, including cookies. We may also combine some of this information with information we obtain from third parties in order to create anonymous profiles. These profiles enable us and our partners to include you in audience segments, i.e., groups of users with similar interests. This audience data does not directly identify you. We share audience information with ad buyers and their technology partners via an automated bidding process operated by third parties that allows ad buyers to bid for the opportunity to display advertisements on the Site that you may find more relevant and accurate.
How We Collect Personal Data
Raptive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, which allow us to collect data like your IP Address (a unique address that identifies your device), geolocation, web browser type, device information, and operating system. By using the Site from which you linked, you consent to the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies, and the sharing of data captured by such technologies with Raptive, Google, and our site’s other third party partners.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain directly-identifying information like your name or phone number, but other personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
If you have provided your email address to the Site, such as when registering for a newsletter or promotion, the Site may share your email address with us. Sometimes we may provide certain functions to the Site so that we can collect your email address (with your knowledge) directly for both the Site and us. We will “hash” or de-identify your email address in order to create pseudonymous advertising profiles reflecting your interests, as further described below. Similarly, if you have provided your phone number or other identifying information to the Site or one of our partners described below, and that information is provided to us, that information is then “hashed” or de-identified before being used to create an advertising profile.
We use pseudonymized information such as your hashed identifiers, and share the pseudonymized information with our advertising partners, to enhance the information shared by your web browser software for the purpose of building advertising profiles as described above. An advertising profile could include information such as the Site content you have viewed and other interests, your other online activities, demographic data about you, and your interactions with advertisements on the Site. Raptive’s advertising partners and their activities are further described below in “Third Party Partnerships.”
Managing or Opting Out of the Use of Your Data
You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting:
https://adssettings.google.com
. To opt out of sharing information collected from your web browser for advertising purposes, you can use
DAA WebChoice Tool
, available at
http://optout.aboutads.info/
. Please note that these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
Google Chrome. The Google Chrome browser notes your topics of interest based on the sites you browse and how often you visit them. Sites can also store info with Chrome about your interests. If you use Google Chrome, we may collect some information on your browsing history and share it with our partner companies. For more information and how to opt out, visit:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/13355898?hl=en&sjid=4513061944593762279-NA#
For European Economic Area Residents
If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing. If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by Raptive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact us at
privacy@raptive.com
. If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences link at the bottom of the site. (Available in the EU.)
European Union Representative
consentmanager ab
Håltegelvägen 1b, 72348 Västerås, Sweden,
www.consentmanager.net
Mail:
support@consentmanager.net
Right to Opt Out of “Sales” of Personal Information in Some US States
Certain state laws – for example, California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia– give residents the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information to third parties, including for advertising purposes. Under these laws, the sharing of your information with a service provider for advertising purposes could be considered a “sale.” To opt out of the sharing of your information for advertising information, click the opt out link provided in the footer of the site from which you linked. If the site from which you linked does not have a footer, you can find the opt out link provided on the privacy policy page from which you linked. You also have the right to request from us the categories of personal information that we have shared and the categories of third parties to whom the information was provided. To make such a request, please contact us at
privacy@raptive.com
. To be clear, we do not share your name, contact information, or any other sensitive information with third parties, and the categories of third parties that we share information with for advertising purposes are supply side platforms, programmatic advertising exchanges, and demand side platforms.
Third Party Partnerships
On behalf of the site from which you linked, Raptive partners with certain technology services providers. Below you can read detailed information about the privacy policies of these technology companies, and choose to opt-out of their advertising related capabilities.
Amazon Publisher Services – Publisher Audiences. When you use the Site, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form) with our partner/service provider, Amazon Publisher Service – Publisher Audiences. We may also share hashed and de-identified email addresses with Amazon Publisher Services – Publisher Audiences, which uses that information to create a link between your hashed email and its databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email and in-app etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. To opt out of this use, please head here:
https://youradchoices.com/
For Amazon Publisher Services Privacy Policy please head here:
https://aps.amazon.com/aps/privacy-policy/
Criteo. We share hashed emails with our partner Criteo for the purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of Criteo hashed email targeting here:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
Fabrick. We share pseudonymized information, including a hashed version of information that we collect from you directly (such as email or phone number), third party IDs (such as mobile advertising IDs or other IDs assigned by third parties), IP addresses, and/or information about your browser or operating system with Neustar Information Services . Neustar Information Services and its affiliated companies (NIS) may match this pseudonymized information with information in their data repositories and issue another pseudonymous ID, which is changed on a weekly basis, for our use in connection with real-time bidding for digital advertising. NIS and other third parties may also link demographic or interest based information to your browser via Cookies. To opt out of the use of this data by NIS for this purpose, click here:
Neustar Privacy Choices
or use the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out link provided above.
Flashtalking. We may choose to share and/or utilize information with our partner Flashtalking for the purposes of internet based advertising. You may learn more about how Flashtalking operates and choose to opt-out of Flashtalking here:
https://www.flashtalking.com/privacypolicy
.
ID5. We may choose to share information with our partner ID5 for the purposes of ad targeting. You may learn more about how ID5 operates and choose to opt-out of ID5 data collection here:
https://id5.io/platfo
LiveIntent. We may provide your hashed email address to our partner LiveIntent, which may match it with other data associated with email address collected by LiveIntent in order to help us create a more accurate advertising profile. You can learn more about how LiveIntent operates, and choose to opt out of LiveIntent’s use of your data for online advertising, here:
https://www.liveintent.com/services-privacy-policy/
LiveRamp. When you use our Publisher network’s websites and enter your email address (either to log in, or to sign up to a newsletter, or similar), they may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that they collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR). Acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR). LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that Publishers may store in their first-party cookie for use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognizing you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s privacy policy:
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time:
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
Optable. We use Optable for data management and storage, including your personal information. Optable is processor working on our behalf and does not further share your data without our permission. Optable is a platform we use to build “clean rooms” to facilitate Rapitve’s integration with other third-party partners that provide us with additional data that we could include in building audience segments.
Slickstream. The site you visited may include search functionality that we provide called Slickstream. To learn more about Slickstream, you can visit
Slickstream.com
. We provide the Slickstream service to other publishers in addition to those with which we have an affiliate agreement for advertising purposes. Slickstream collects data regarding the pages you have visited within the site, to provide you with search results and content recommendations, among other things. In addition, you may be asked to voluntarily provide your email address and other personal information as part of your use of the Slickstream search functionality. We use the data collected via Slickstream to provide the Slickstream service. If the Site from which you linked has an affiliate agreement for advertising purposes, we will also use that information in connection with advertising as provided above. You can opt out of our use of your information for such purposes by following the links referenced above, or by contacting us at
optout@raptive.com
.
The Trade Desk. We may choose to share an encrypted, unique identifier, based on your email address and/or other personal information, with our partner The Trade Desk. This identifier, called UID 2.0, is used to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes. Detailed information on The Trade Desk is available at:
https://www.thetradedesk.com/privacy
You can choose to opt out of UID 2.0 by visiting the Transparency and Control Portal at:
https://transparentadvertising.org/
Verizon. We share hashed emails with our partner Verizon for the purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of Verizon hashed email targeting here:
https://yahoo.mydashboard.oath.com/