YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
We respect the right to privacy and the importance
        of protecting information collected about every person who access our Website.
        This includes your "right to be forgotten" if that’s your choice. We have adopted
        a site-wide, nation-wide privacy policy regarding the personal-identifying
        information that is collected in the course of operating our Website.
What is personal-identifying information?
The personal-identifying information involved is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is
                capable of being associated with, a particular natural person. This includes name,
                signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address,
                telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card
                number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history,
                bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and any other
                financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. In
                summary, personal-identifying information is information which identifies a
                person who accesses our Website and may be used to contact the person.
                (Personal-identifying information does not include publicly available information
                that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local
                government records or is in the public domain and comes from a source other than
                information supplied to our web site by the person involved.)
What is our policy for?
This policy guides how we will store and use the
                personal-identifying information which people provide when accessing our web
                site.
When we collect personal-identifying information
We collect personalidentifying information from you when you register on our Website, to participate
                in our contests, establish a CMG Services account, win a prize due to your
                participation in a contest or prize promotion, respond to a survey, purchase any
                product or service through use our Website, claim a prize won by your
                participation on one of our contests, tournaments or prize promotions, or place
                content on any message boards or text communication facility made available on
                our Website.
How we use personal-identifying information
We will use the personalidentifying information that we collect:
to administer the contests,
                    tournaments, prize promotions and other advertising sales and promotional
                    activities that we conduct from time to time (including prize notifications and prize
                    deliveries)
to make reports and submissions to governmental agencies and
                    branches, as required or permitted by law
to compile market and statistical
                    reports based on aggregated information (but the reports do not contain personalidentifying information
to allow us to better respond to the individual
                    needs and preferences of people who access our web site
to invite you to participate in surveys, sweepstakes, contests, competitions, tournaments and other
                    promotions
for data analysis, audits, developing new products and
                    services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our
                    promotional campaigns
to enable us to pay royalties to third-party content
                    providers
to process transactions, including (not limited to) fulfillment of
                    cash prize awards, merchandise prize awards and product and service purchases.
We may send email announcements of upcoming contests and prize promotions
                and information about products, features and events that we believe you may be
                interested in. We may share your personal-identifying information with trusted
                third parties who have committed to protect your personal-identifying information
                in the same way that we do and who assist us in operating our Website, conducting
                our business, conducting our contests, tournaments and prize promotions,
                preparing market and statistical reports, and conducting other contests or
                promotions or providing services to you, so long as those parties agree by
                enforceable contract to keep this information confidential. From time to time we
                may also share customer lists compiled upon the basis of information we have
                collected, to businesses and charitable entities that post content or advertise web
                site; but this sharing is also subject to contractual commitments regarding your
                privacy, that obligate the affected third parties to store personal-identifying
                information securely and to use the information only for purposes and in a manner
                that is not inconsistent with our privacy policy. Information that is not personally
                identifiable may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising and other
                uses.
Links to other web sites
Sometimes, at our discretion, we may include or offer
                links to third-party web sites. These third-party sites have separate and
                independent privacy policies. Therefore, we have no responsibility or liability for
                the content or activities of these linked sites.
Your right to opt out
By your participating in our contests, tournaments and
                    prize promotions, and by your act of utilizing text comunication facilities and
                    message boards if accessed through our web site, you have indicated your
                    agreement (and in reliance on such indication, we deem you to have consented to
                    have agreed) to our sending to you such announcements, via email and to our
                    sharing information that we collect. However, you can opt out and revoke your
                    consent at any time by writing to our Privacy Policy Administrator in manuallyexecuted, 
                    hard-copy form sent through the mail or by express courier to Privacy
                    Policy Administrator, Checkmate Gaming, LLC, c/o Harvard Business Services,
                    Inc., 16192 Coastal Highway, Lewes, Delaware 19958-9776 (United States of
                    America).
How we protect your personal-identifying information
To safeguard the
                    confidentiality of personal-identifying information that we collect, we implement
                    password protection and a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of
                    your personal-identifying information when you enter, submit or access your
                    Page 2 of 42
                    personal information or when you utilize any text communication facilities or
                    message boards that at any time, we provide for your use. Our Privacy Policy
                    Administrator uses a secure server to protect your personal-identifying information
                    and to prevent unauthorized access and disclosure. All supplied personalidentifying information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer technology and then
                    encrypted into our data base only to be accessible by those who are authorized with
                    special access rights to such systems and who are required to keep the personalidentifying information confidential.
Although we are diligent to protect your personal-identifying information and
                    privacy, we do not promise (nor should you expect) that your personal-identifying
                    information or private communications will always remain private. After a
                    transaction, your private payment information may not be stored on our servers.
                    We will retain personal-identifying information, including information from
                    closed accounts, to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any money owed,
                    resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, apply and
                    enforce the rules of our contests, tournaments and prize promotions, prepare
                    marketing and demographic studies and statistical reports, and to take any
                    necessary or appropriate actions permitted by law. Please be aware that it is
                    technologically impossible to remove from our servers, every record or
                    information that you provide to us. The need for backup means that a copy of your
                    personal information may exist in non-erasable form.
How you can submit opt-out requests, removal requests and questions
If you
                    request removal of your personal information from our data base, we will take all
                    reasonable steps to comply with your request. Any person who requests such
                    removal or who has questions or comments about our privacy policy or our
                    collection, safeguarding and use of protected personal identifying information
                    may present the inquiry by writing in the form of signed hard copy to: Privacy
                    Policy Administrator, Checkmate Gaming, LLC, c/o Harvard Business Services,
                    Inc., 16192 Coastal Highway, Lewes, Delaware 19958-9776 (United States of
                    America).
Children younger than 13 years of age
The rules of our contests, tournaments
                    and prize promotions provide that children under thirteen (13) years of age are
                    ineligible to participate or to win prizes. CHILDREN UNDER AGE 13 MUST
                    NEVER SUPPLY THEIR NAMES OR OTHER PERSONAL-IDENTIFYING
                    INFORMATION WITHOUT THEIR PARENTS’ WRITTEN PERMISSION. No
                    information should be provided to us by or regarding children younger than
                    thirteen years of age without documented parental consent. If for any reason any
                    person is concerned about a child’s personal-identifying information having been
                    supplied, such person should contact the Privacy Policy Administrator by writing
                    to the address set out above. In response to the inquiry the Privacy Policy
                    Administrator will review the request and remove the child’s information as
                    appropriate. In any event we do not knowingly record or disclose personalidentifying 
                    information about children younger than thirteen years of age.
“Cookies” and other tracking devices
When you access the Website from
                    your personal computer or mobile device we may install on your device a small
                    text file that enables us to recognize your browser through your CMG Service
                    account . Most websites typically use the following:
"Session cookies" that are temptoary and are deleted when you close your
                        browser
"Persistent cookies" that remain until you delete them or they expire
"Web beacons" that are electronic images also known as single-pixel glifs
We install a session cookie that expires when you log off your session or if you
                    don’t log off, then two weeks after installed. We do not otherwise install persistant
                    cookies, web beacons or glifs.
In general, cookies, web beacons, glifs and similar technologies do not contain
                    personally identifiable information. However, when you furnish personal
                    information through the web site, including any text-communication facility, this
                    information may be linked to the non-personally-identifiable information stored in
                    cookies sent to your browser from the web site. Many browsers allow the user to
                    block the installation of cookies. If you block cookies, you may not be able to
                    make full use of the Website.
We are not responsible for so-called cookies, web beacons or glifs installed by
                    your accessing any web site other than our Website (a "third-party web site)," even
                    if the third-party web site is accessed by a link through our Website. You should
                    review the third party site’s privacy policy. Rather, inclusion in our Website of
                    any link to a third-party web site does not imply our endorsement of the third-party
                    web site our its content or the third party.