Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 18, 2023
This Privacy Policy is a contract entered into between You ("
you
," "
your
," "
yours
") and Algebraic Labs, LLC ("
we
," "
us
," "
our
," "
Algebraic Labs
").
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the Foodnoms website (the "
Site
") and application (the "
App
"). All defined terms have the meaning assigned to them in the Terms of Use.
We take personal privacy seriously. We limit the collection of personal information to cases where we truly need it or is required for the operation of our products. Personal information is never shared except to comply by the law, develop and improve our products, or protect our rights.
Information We Collect
Apple Health Data
The App uses Apple's APIs to read and write certain data from/to the Apple Health app on your device ("Apple Health Data"). Such information may include, for example:
Food consumption
Nutrient intake
Energy burned
Height
Weight
Sex
Age
We use your Apple Health Data to determine your goals and sync nutrition data from/to the Apple Health app.
Your Apple Health Data may be synced to your other devices via your Apple iCloud account. Your Apple Health Data is never sent to our servers or other third party services besides iCloud. The App cannot read or write Apple Health Data without your consent. You can choose to connect and enable reading and writing Apple Health Data. The information you provide to the Apple Health App is then governed by the Apple Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. We will not use your Apple Health Data for marketing or advertising purposes.
Other Health Data
The App stores other data about your health ("Other Health Data") that you enter into the App or sync from another device. Such information may include, for example:
Food consumption
Nutrient intake
Energy burned
Height
Weight
Sex
Age
Your Other Health Data may be synced to your other devices via your Apple iCloud account. Your Other Health Data is never sent to our servers or other third party services besides iCloud. We will not use your Other Health Data for marketing or advertising purposes.
Usage Data
In addition to the anonymous analytics data provided by Apple, the App uses
Amplitude
to store anonymous usage data. This data is used to understand user behavior. Amplitude's Privacy Policy can be
found here
.
The Site uses
Plausible Analytics
to store anonymous usage data. Plausible Analytics's Privacy Policy can be
found here
.
Crash Reporting Data
The App uses
Sentry
for crash reporting. Sentry's Privacy Policy can be
found here
.
Payment Data and Purchase History
The App uses Apple as a payment provider for paid subscriptions. Apple's Privacy Policy can be
found here
.
The App uses
RevenueCat
to manage trial versions and paid subscriptions. RevenueCat's Privacy Policy can be
found here
.
Search History
The App uses
Typesense Cloud
as a search engine provider. Typesense Cloud's Privacy Policy can be
found here
.
Our server software stores metadata about searches and requests for food metadata. This information is stored in logs and sent to
Amplitude
for analysis. This information is used to improve our food database and identify problems affecting the customer experience.
"Ask AI" Queries
The App uses
OpenAI
to handle user-submitted queries for the "Ask AI" feature. OpenAI's Privacy Policy can be
found here
.
User and Device Identifiers
We use randomly generated identifiers in the App to anonymously identify devices and users. These identifiers may be synced to your other devices via your iCloud account. These identifiers are associated with data sent to our servers and other third parties, including Amplitude, Sentry, Typesense, OpenAI, and RevenueCat.
Technical Basics
Our server software and any third-party services may store basic technical information, such as your IP address, in temporary memory or logs. This information is used for operation and maintenance purposes.
Email
If you email us for support or other feedback, the emails and email addresses will be retained. The email addresses will only be used to reply to the concerns or suggestions raised and will never be used for any marketing purpose.
User-Generated Content
By opting into the "Community Database" feature in the App, any foods that you create in the App may be uploaded to our servers for processing and moderation. The contents of the food data (including but not limited to the name and brand) may become publicly visible. You may opt-out of future uploads of food data by logging out of the Community Database.
Information Usage
We use the information we collect ("
Personal Data
") to operate and improve the Site, the App, and customer support.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Security
While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so.
Children's Privacy
Our Site, App, and Services are not intended for anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that your child under 13 has provided personal information to us, please contact us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com so we can delete the child’s information.
Information for European Union Users
Under applicable law, including the GDPR, you may have a number of rights, including:
the right not to provide your Personal Data to us; the right of access to your Personal Data;
the right to request rectification of inaccuracies;
the right to request the erasure, or restriction of Processing, of your Personal Data;
the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Data; the right to have your Personal Data transferred to another Controller;
the right to withdraw consent; and
the right to submit a Data Subject Access Request, a Data Subject Erasure Request, or to exercise other rights under the GDPR, please email us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com.
You can also contact us using the contact details below. Please note that:
we may require proof of your identity before we can give effect to these rights; and
where your request requires the establishment of additional facts (e.g., a determination of whether any Processing is non-compliant with applicable law) we will investigate - your request reasonably promptly, before deciding what action to take.
Lawful basis for processing your personal information
In processing your personal data in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy, we may rely on one or more of the following legal bases, depending on the circumstances:
Consent
: We may process your personal data where we have obtained your prior, express consent to the processing, you can withdraw this consent by contacting us - at privacy@algebraiclabs.com – this legal basis is only used in relation to processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or - obligatory in any way
Contractual necessity
: we process your personal data where the processing is necessary in connection with your subscription for our services (e.g. billing information);
Compliance with applicable law
: we may process your personal data where the processing is required by applicable law;
Legitimate interests
: We may process your personal data where we have a legitimate interest in carrying out the processing for the purpose of managing, operating or - promoting our business, and that legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms.
Information for California Residents
In accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act, if you are a consumer residing in California the following addition terms apply to you.
(1) Right to Know About Information Collected, Disclosed or Sold
You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell. To submit a verifiable request, please email us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com.
If you have an account with us, we will verify the request by confirming the email address used to make the request is the same as the email address on file for the account. If you do not have an account with us, we will verify the request by sending an email to the email address used to make the request.
The categories of California consumers’ personal information we may collect are listed above in the section titled “What do we collect?” We collect this data from our customers, App, and Site visitors.
We confirm we have not sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding 12 months. We confirm we do not sell personal information of minors under 16 years of age without authorization. We may disclose the categories of Personal Information listed in the section “What do we collect?” to our vendors and service providers for a business purpose, as explained further in the section above titled “Third Parties.”
(2) Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to request deletion of Personal Information collected or maintained by us. To do so, please submit a request by emailing us at privacy@algebraiclabs.com.
If you are a current or former customer submitting a request by web form or email, please provide sufficient information to identify your account, including your email address on file with us. You may be asked to verify your identity by responding to us with the email address on file for the account.
If you are not a current or former customer, we may ask for proof of identity sufficient to show you are the same consumer about whom we have collected personal information that you are requesting to be deleted.
(3) Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by a business. Pursuant to California law, because we do not and will not sell your personal information, we do not offer such an opt-out at this time.
(4) Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act.
(5) Authorized Agent
If you would like to make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act on behalf of a California consumer who is a current or former customer, please provide an email from the email address we have on file for the customer authorizing the request.
You may also make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act on behalf of a California consumer if you provide (1) a signed, written permission from the consumer to act on your behalf, and the consumer verifies their own identity directly with us; or (2) proof that the consumer has provided you with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the consumer to act on their behalf.
(6) Contact for More Information
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, you may contact us via email at privacy@algebraiclabs.com.
(7) Date Privacy Policy Last Updated
Our Privacy Policy was lasted updated as of the date indicated at the beginning of the policy
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent
By using the Site or the App, you consent to this privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email privacy@algebraiclabs.com.
Changes to This Policy
From time to time, we may change and/or update this Privacy Policy. We recommend you regularly review this page for updates.