Facorial HR app privacy policy
-
Trusted by more than 12,000 companies in over 65 countries
FACTORIAL HR APP PRIVACY POLICY
DATA CONTROLLER
EVERYDAY SOFTWARE, S.L.
a Spanish company with address in Carrer d'Àlaba, 61, 5-2, 08005 Barcelona, Spain and VAT number B66854530 (hereinafter, “
Factorial HR” or
“
Factorial
”) is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy (hereinafter, “
Privacy Policy”
) will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you interact with our website (hereinafter, the “
Website
”). or our platform (hereinafter, the “
Platform
”).
Contact Details
: Telephone (+34 932 205 976), e-mail (GDPR@factorial.co).
1. Factorial HR’ Services
Factorial
is a cloud-based HR management platform used by organizations in their capacity as employers (hereinafter, “
Customers
”) to optimize their HR processes by centralizing and digitizing administrative tasks relating to their employees (hereinafter, “
End-Users
”).
2. Controller or Processor
Factorial HR
can be both a Controller and a Processor of personal data for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (hereinafter, “
GDPR
”). For example,
Factorial
will be the Controller of personal data when a Customer enters into a contract directly with us, for the processing of said Customer’s data.
However, in most instances due to the nature of our business
Factorial
has no direct relationship with the data subjects and exclusively processes the End User’s personal data on behalf of the Customers and according to their instructions. Thus, if you are an employee using our platform we act solely as a data processor with respect to the processing of your data. Our Customers decide the purposes for which they use our Platform, as well as the means for collecting data from our platform’s magnitude of features.
In the case of users who browse our website, Factorial will be processor for the processing of data collected here, such as cookies, or any data that is interesting to enjoy our content.
Example: if you are a user of our website and you need to access a particular service, such as subscribing to a newsletter, we will manage your personal data for the intended purpose.
3. End-Users’ personal data received from our Customers
Before you can access to our Platform, one of our Customers, as your employer, has already created an End-User account for you and provided us certain data about yourself, including:
Basic information: Full name, work e-mail, identity number, etc.
Other information: Social security number, date of birth, gender, nationality, phone number, office to which you are assigned, time-off policy, bank account number, working hours, salary, term of the contract, full address, emergency contacts, etc.
4. End-Users’ personal data received from Google
If you choose to access our Platform via webside using Google’s sign-in tool, Google Ireland Limited will share with us your full name, your e-mail address, your language preferences, and your profile picture for authentication purposes.
5. End Users’ data collected by our Platform
For the purposes of providing the services to our Customers’,
Factorial
’s Platform collects the following information from the End-Users:
Data on device: We automatically collect device information such as your device ID, model and manufacturer, operating system, version information and IP address, etc.
Geo-Location Information (in App): If you choose to activate the clock-in or clock-out reminders (Settings>Notifications>Enable Notifications>Workplace proximity reminders),
Factorial HR
will request access or permission to and gather location-based information from your mobile device continuously (i.e., also when the Platform is closed and not in use).
This will allow our App version of the Platform to detect when you are getting close or leaving the office address you are assigned to in
Factorial
, which will trigger the corresponding push notification. Your location data is stored on your phone and never sent to
Factorial HR
.
If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so using our Platform or in your device’s settings.
Clock-in information: If you use the Platform to time track your working hours, we will collect the clock-in and clock-out time and date, duration of your shift. If your company has geo-location clock in enabled and you have given the Platform permission to access to it, we will also collect your location information.
In those cases where the Customer has activated it, the clock-in can take place through our facial recognition function, in this event we will collect facial data (End-User face image, End-User face vector). The image is provided on-site by the Employee and the vector is an auto-generated data. This data qualifies as sensitive data as it meets the definition of article 9.1 GDPR "
biometric data intended to uniquely identify a natural person
".
The data will be used by the face recognition tool until the Client notifies Factorial of (a) the termination of the Employee from the organisation; (b) the termination of the Client as a user of Factorial or (c) the termination of the Employee from the face recognition tool. The use by Factorial of the aforementioned personal data will only be in accordance with the Client's instructions and for the purpose of providing the service contracted by the Client.
Time-off data: If you use the Platform to request time-offs we will collect information regarding the category of time-off to requested (e.g., holidays, sickness, etc.), duration of the requested time-off, and any other data you wish to provide in the description of the request.
6. End-user data collected by our Website.
Free offer of digital content:
Data collected: email address, surname, first name, title, title.
Intended use: personalised sending of the requested content.
Events created by Factorial:
in order to be able to participate in our events, we manage the following personal data (name, surname, email address, telephone number).
Request for a demo of our software:
If you request an appointment for a Webdemo, we will use your data to contact you and set a date for the demo together.
Trial account
If you register for a test account, we will use your data to provide you with the necessary information and to introduce you to the test account and the functionalities of the software.
Data collected: e-mail address, last name, first name, first name, telephone number.
Intended use: to make the requested test account available to you and to explain the functionalities of the software.
Storage period: the data will only be stored for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose. At the end of the test phase, your data will be deleted if you do not become a customer.
7. Purposes and basis of the processing of your personal data
Factorial HR
processes your personal data:
To reply to your request of demo, contact, or further information as a Customer, provider or End-User.
For the drafting, negotiation or signature of contracts or other agreements with you.
For securing and presenting our website or Platform (log files).
For the purposes determined by our Customers - as data controllers - and under their instructions as established in the Data Processing Agreement (DPA) entered into between us and our Customers.
Since each Customer might use our services for different purposes, we recommend that you always review your employer specific privacy policy to obtain the relevant data protection information.
Example: if you’re an employee of Company A, you are an End-User, and Company A might decide to use our platform for employee time and attendance management, time-off management, task management, etc.
Factorial HR does not process your personal data for its own purposes. When we process usage and analytics information, as well as some statistical and aggregate data derived from personal data for the improvement and further development of our services, we do so in an anonymized manner.
We use “Quora Tracking Pixel” on our website, which is supplied by Quora Inc., 650 Castro Street, Suite 450, Mountain View, CA 94041, USA (“
Quora
”).
The user behaviour can be tracked after forwarding on our websites by clicking on a Quora ad. This allows to track the effectiveness of ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e., we do not see any personal data of individual users.
However, this data is stored and processed by Quora, therefore, we will inform you based on our understanding of the situation: Quora may link this information to your Quora account and use it for its own promotional purposes in accordance with Quoras’ privacy policy:
https://www.quora.com/about/privacy
. For this purpose, a cookie can also be stored in your device.
8. Legal Basis
The processing of your data is carried out in accordance with the following legal bases: your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR or, as the case may be, Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a) GDPR, for the performance of a contract with you in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR, for the fulfilment of legal obligations in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR or for a legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
The legal basis for processing your data in accordance with the stated processing purposes is:
Contacts
: if you wish to contact us, for example because you send us an email or write to us via a contact form, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in the complete processing of your contact. Since you are contacting us, we assume that there are no interests on your part that conflict with the processing of your request. If the contact is for the purpose of concluding a contract or the performance of a contract, the legal basis for the processing is § 6 (1) lit. b) GDPR. If consent is given, the legal basis for processing the contact is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR or, where applicable, Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a) GDPR.
Contracts:
The legal basis for processing your personal data for the performance or initiation of contracts is Art. 6 (1) lit. b) GDPR. This includes, in particular, the processing of data through the use of our Platform, unless another described processing purpose (and corresponding legal basis) applies and is relevant. In addition, we also process your data in accordance with legal provisions resulting, for example, from tax law. This type of processing is lawful according to Art. 6 (1) c) GDPR. In the case of requests that do not give rise to a contractual relationship, we have a legitimate interest pursuant to § 6 (1) (f) GDPR to keep track of the request data for a limited period of time in order to assert our legal claims or defend ourselves against lawsuits.
Security and presentation of our website:
Each time our website is accessed, usage data is transmitted by the respective internet browser and stored in log files, so-called server log files. The data records that are stored are the name of the website accessed, the file, the date and time of access, the amount of data transferred, the notification of successful access, the type and version of the browser, the operating system of the user, the referrer URL (the previously visited page), the IP address and the requesting provider. These log file data records are evaluated to protect our website against attacks, to find and correct errors and to monitor server utilisation. This is also our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Cookies and other technologies may be necessary for the complete and correct display of our website. Unless otherwise specified, the complete and correct display is a legitimate interest on our part in this data processing in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. The legal basis for the use of the Quora service is Art. 6. Para. 1 lit.f) GDPR. To disable the tracking feature via Quora Pixel, please visit this page:
https://www.quora.com/optout
.
9. Security
Factorial HR
implements state of the art security standards to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information. We also implement appropriate organizational measures to protect your information.
We apply our security standards also when working with business and technology partners. We only select and contract with processors and third parties who use appropriate security measures and provide sufficient guarantees, including technical and organizational measures, to ensure the appropriate protection of the data we entrust with them.
Moreover,
Factorial HR
’s employees have signed a Non-Disclosure Agreement or clause in connection to their employment and we have set internal processes such as continuous training and policies that are frequently updated to ensure the availability and resilience of our systems and services. Additionally,
Factorial
has a defined an incident response plan in case of a physical or technical incident.
10. Sharing of your personal data
Data processed by
Factorial HR
is hosted in the EU and processed either within the EU or such third country deemed to offer an adequate level of security by the European Commission, or by service providers that have entered into binding agreements that fully comply with the lawfulness of third country transfers. In this sense, your data will be stored in EU-West1 region of Amazon Web Services (AWS), more specifically in Frankfurt.
The current list of subprocessors is this:
Subprocessor
Function
Country
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Web hosting
Frankfurt
(DE)
Amazon Web Services (AWS) - Rekognition
Facial Recognition
Frankfurt
(DE)
Hubspot
Inbound marketing, sales and customer service
USA
Sendgrid
E-mail services
USA
Getsitecontrol
Web traffic conversion
Cyprus
Stripe
Online Payments processing
Ireland
Other recipients of your data may include government agencies and administrations, to the extent that we are legally obliged to do so and service companies, such as tax advisors or lawyers.
11. International data transfers
The information we collect from you may be processed in third countries as understood in article 44 GPDR. Some third countries, such as the United States, have not currently received an adequacy decision from the European Union under Article 45 of the GDPR, which means that your data may not receive the same level of protection there as under the GDPR.
International data transfers are usually carried out on the basis of contractual or other rules provided for by law, which aim to ensure adequate protection of your data and which you can consult upon request. In doing so, we rely on the safeguards provided for in Article 46 of the GDPR or, where applicable, the provisions set out in Article 49 of the GDPR. We and our processors aim to apply appropriate safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data. Therefore, we only process your personal data in accordance with the practices described in our Privacy Policy.
12. Retention period
We keep personal data for different periods, depending on the type of information, the period of our contract with our Clients, legal requirements regarding certain types of data, and other factors.
Generally speaking, we will stop processing your information when (a) your employer is no longer a Customer of
Factorial HR
; or (b) you are no longer an employee of our Customer. If circumstance (a) or (b) occurs and we are under no legal or contractual duty to preserve your information for a longer period, we will delete your data.
If we have to retain your information for the purposes of complying with a contractual or legal obligation of retention, or to resolve disputes or enforce our rights we will restrict is access by specific persons or role.
13. Your rights
Under the GDPR you have certain rights when it comes to our processing of your personal data:
Right to be informed
: You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your personal data and your rights.
Right of access
: You have the right to obtain access to your personal data.
Right to rectification
: You are entitled to have your personal data rectified if they are inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure
: This right enables you to request the deletion or removal of your personal data where there is no compelling reason for us to keep using it. This is not an absolute right to erasure and exceptions apply.
Right to restrict processing
: You have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your personal data. When processing is restricted, we can still store your personal data, but may not use it further.
Right to data portability
: You have a right to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services.
Right to object to processing
: You have the right to object to certain types of processing.
Right to lodge a complaint
: You have the right to lodge a complaint about the way we handle or process your personal data with your national data protection authority.
Right to withdraw consent:
If you have given your consent to anything we do with your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Right not to be subject to automated-decision making
: You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) which produces legal (or similarly significant) effects to you.
Factorial HR
usually acts on requests and provide information free of charge, but may charge a reasonable fee to cover our administrative costs of providing the information for:
baseless or excessive/repeated requests; or
further copies of the same information.
You can address your communications and exercise your rights by sending written communication to the following e-mail address GDPR@factorial.co. In some cases, the request may be refused if you ask for the deletion of data necessary for the fulfilment of legal obligations.
14. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy to accommodate product and service development, industry standards, or new regulations. If such changes are material in nature we will do our best to inform you.
Last update: 27th October 2021
Facorial HR app privacy policy