PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 1, 2017. By accessing this site, you are entering into a contract with Ultimate Source Limited. Hijinx and Hijinx Alive are registered trademarks of Ultimate Source Limited hereinafter referred to as “Hijinx”.
This policy guides the use of the “Hijinx” brand websites, products and services. We appreciate your trust in our products and services. In order to provide you with a great experience, Hijinx may collect both personal information and non-personal information (collectively, “Information”). We take care of how your Information is processed and used.
This Privacy Policy
:
explains how Hijinx collects, stores, uses, and may transfer or disclose your Information;
applies to all Hijinx websites, products and services (“Properties”).
Hijinx may use “Cookies” and/or similar technologies on the Properties to tailor content, marketing, and improve and adjust user experience. A “Cookie” is a small bit of record-keeping information that many websites and other online products and services often store on a user’s computer or device in order to identify it and associate activity with it. Cookies make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier by letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences, and generally improving your experience of a website. By using this Hijinx online property, you consent to our use of Cookies.
Hijinx reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a modified version online at
https://www.hijinxtoys.com/privacy-policy/
,   so please review it frequently to ensure you are aware of any changes. If Hijinx makes a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will provide notice to you in our Privacy Policy as posted.
Table of Contents
Summary and Scope of Hijinx Privacy Policy
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Children and Parents
Your Choices
Sharing Information
Security
Accessing Information
Contacting Us
Important Notice
California Privacy Rights
Disclosure to Users Outside the US
Summary and Scope of Hijinx Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all Properties, including:
Hijinx websites, online products and services;
Hijinx mobile applications.
Whenever you use a Property we may collect, process, and combine Information; contact you from time to time; and provide you with customer service and other services you have requested. We may, from time to time, also disclose Information to Hijinx brand affiliated companies, and/or share Information with suppliers and partners, in order to provide you with goods or services you have requested or online advertising selected by us.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites or online properties to which our Properties may link, and you accept Hijinx is not responsible for the security or privacy practices of any such third party websites or properties.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Hijinx may collect Information from you and other sources. We use and may combine that Information to operate, tailor content, personalize, adjust and improve our Properties, and to send you messages or personalized information about our content, new features and more, including for marketing and promotional purposes.
Children and Parents
Hijinx does not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under 13.
We recognize a special need to protect the personal information of children. We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses, phone numbers, or other personal information without parental permission, when online. Hijinx also recommends that parents familiarize themselves with parental controls available online, on mobile telephones, tablets and other devices they provide to their child and accompany their child if aged under 13 years of age when online. Parents should contact Hijinx immediately if they have any concerns. Please see the Contacting Us section below for further details.
Your Choices
You have choices over the Information provided by you and by other sources, and how that Information is used by Hijinx. You can exercise your choices by updating your preferences at any time and also by managing your settings on your devices and third party accounts.
Sharing Information
Hijinx shares Information with with the various Hijinx group companies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy;
with vendors and partners engaged by Hijinx in order to provide you with goods or services you have requested or online advertising selected by us;
if required to do so by applicable law or regulation;
if necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights;
if necessary to protect the vital interests of any person; and
in connection with the sale of our business or assets.
Please note that any information, including personal information that you reveal in a bulletin board, message board, chat room or other public forum is publicly viewable.
Security
Hijinx takes a range of security measures designed to help protect your Information. However, complete online and offline security can never be guaranteed, so you should always take care when sharing your information online.
Accessing Information
You can update or delete any personal information that you have provided, at any time.
Contacting Us
This Privacy Policy applies between you and Hijinx (Ultimate Source Limited). You can send us an email at info@Hijinxtoys.com, or write to us at: Ultimate Source Limited/Hijinx, 1801 S Meyers Road, Suite 400, OakBrook Terrace, IL 60181, USA, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy
Hijinx is registered with the USPTO as a trademark of Ultimate Source Limited:
Unit 801 & 802A,
8F, Tower Two
South Sea Centre
75 Mody Road
Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon
Hong Kong
Important Notice
For privacy related information applicable to users who are California residents or based outside the US please see below.
Please note your use of this Hijinx website, product or service is also subject to the Hijinx Terms of Use available here.
https://www.hijinxtoys.com/terms-of-use/
California Privacy Rights
Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share our customer’s personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy, please send us an email to info@Hijinx.com, or write us at: Ultimate Source Limited/Hijinx, 1801 S Meyers Road, Suite 400, OakBrook Terrace, IL 60181, USA, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy. We will be happy to honor your request.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users
Since January 1, 2015, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, to view, correct, or delete information provided by you or publicly posted by you, by simply accessing your Hijinx account through https://www.Hijinx.com/ or other product or service as applicable and editing/deleting your Information. You will need your password to access your personal account. You may also send us an email asking us to delete certain posted content at info@Hijinx.com. In the alternative, you may write to us at Ultimate Source Limited/Hijinx, 1801 S Meyers Road, Suite 400, OakBrook Terrace, IL 60181, USA, ATTN: Privacy Team/Privacy Policy.
We will be happy to review, update or remove information and/or content as appropriate. Residual copies of information and/or content that have been deleted from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems for approximately one month. We may still retain your information to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose.
Disclosure to Users Outside the US
In addition, if you are a visitor to our websites or other online products and services from outside the U.S., the personal information you provide may be collected, processed and stored directly on, or transferred to, servers in the United States or other countries where Hijinx group companies or vendors maintain facilities or business operations.
No matter where the Information is located, Hijinx takes commercially reasonable measures to safeguard your privacy rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the collection, processing, storage and transfer of your information, please do not provide your information when requested and stop using our websites and other online products and services.