Input your search keywords and press Enter.
Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 6, 2023
Ponti Capital, LLC (“Ponti Capital”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Roundabout (“Roundabout” or the “App”).
Information We Collect
We collect the following types of information from you when you use Roundabout:
Personal Information: When you register for an account, you provide us information such as your name, email address, demographic information, and other information that you choose to provide.
Location Information: We collect location data from your mobile device when you use certain features of the App, like shot tracking and displaying course distances. You can enable or disable location services when prompted by your mobile device.
Usage Information: We collect information about how you interact with the App, such as use of frequency and duration of usage, features interacted with, and subscription status.
Device Information: We collect information from the devices you use to access our App, including IP address, browser type, operating system, mobile device identifiers, and information about your use of our App.
How We Use Information
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
Provide you with the products, services, support and information you request.
Communicate with you about your account, new features, surveys, special offers, and other news about the App.
Customize the content and recommendations you see on the App.
Analyze trends and usage to improve the user experience.
Detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security issues, and other harmful activity.
We only retain your personal information for as long as necessary for the purposes stated above.
Sharing Your Information
We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may share your information in the following circumstances:
Service providers under contract who help with parts of our business operations.
Law enforcement agencies, courts, or other public authorities if legally required to do so.
If needed in a merger, sale of company assets, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, reorganization or similar event.
With your consent or direction to share the information.
We require all third parties to respect the privacy of your personal information.
Your Choices
You have the following choices with respect to your information:
Opt-out of promotional communications by following opt-out instructions in emails or changing your preferences in your account settings.
Unsubscribe from receiving push notifications by adjusting the settings on your mobile device.
Disable location services on your mobile device to stop sharing location data.
Request access to or erasure of your information by contacting us.
Please note requests for access or erasure may affect your ability to use the App.
Security
We take reasonable precautions to protect your personal information. No method of transmission over the Internet is 100% secure though.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time as our information practices are modified or amended. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the revised policy on our App.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or information practices, please contact Roundabout Customer Support at:
Mailing address: 548 Market Street, #76132, San Francisco, CA 94104 US
Email:
help@roundaboutapp.com
Phone: 415-320-9243