This policy sets out the basis on which personal information about you may be collected and used when you use our website (whether browsing or making a purchase),
http://www.clubllondon.com
or
http://www.clubllondon.us
(the “Site”)(regardless of where you visit it from), and on our mobile application, register an account with us, and interact with us on Club L London’s official Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube [and other social accounts] (“Social Media”). This policy also tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
By using the Site and applications, registering an Club L London Account and interacting with our Social Media you are accepting and consenting to the terms of this policy.
Club L (Retail) Ltd (company number 016109979) is the owner and operator of the site and the relevant accounts on the Social Media and shall in these terms be referred to as “we”, “us”, “our” and “Club L London”.
We reserve the right to amend these Terms from time to time. The Terms were most recently updated on 21
st
of August 2020.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
DATA CONTROLLER
For all services, the data controller (the company responsible for your privacy) is Club L (Retail) Ltd.
We have appointed a data privacy manager (DPM) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPM using the details set out below.
CONTACT DETAILS
Name of Legal Entity: Club L (Retail) Ltd
Name or Title of DPM: Dan Lorenson
Email Address:
privacy@clubllondon.com
Postal Address: Building 1 Think Park,
Mosley Road,
Trafford Park,
Manchester,
England,
M17 1FQ,
United Kingdom
Should you have any concerns, we would appreciate the chance to deal with them in the first instance. If you would like to speak to us in relation to any concerns you have, please contact us by email at cs@clubllondon.com
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
).
SECTION 1 - WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
When you visit, register or order products or services on Club L London you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name, contact details and credit or debit card information. We do not store credit or debit card details.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs, operating system, browser usage and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
Club L London utilizes personal data to personalize users' ad experiences for those who choose to opt into our cookie policy. Further details on how your personal information will be utilized can be found in Google's Privacy & Terms,
available here.
If you have any concerns or questions about the handling of your personal information, please don't hesitate to contact us. We prioritize the protection of your privacy and are committed to maintaining the confidentiality and security of your data.
Data collected in the UK is held in accordance with the Data Protection Act. All reasonable precautions are taken to prevent unauthorised access to this information. This safeguard may require you to provide additional forms of identity should you wish to obtain information about your account details.
SECTION 2 – WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
We only use Your personal Information for the following purposes:
Processing Your Orders and tracking safe delivery to You;
For statistical purposes to improve this Website and its services to You;
To administer this Website;
Other use by Us to which You agree when asked on this Website
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computers internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 3 – CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at cs@clubllondon.com.
SECTION 4 – DISCLOSURE
Your Personal Information may be disclosed to other businesses within the group of which We are a part and to reputable third party contractors engaged by Us to perform a variety of functions such as processing Your Orders, assisting with promotions or providing technical services for Our Websites. e.g. When arranging for a courier company to deliver goods that you have ordered.
We require all such third parties to treat Your Personal Information as fully confidential and to fully comply with all applicable UK Data Protection and consumer legislation.
You should be aware that if We are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your Personal Information and/or User Information We are entitled to do so.
SECTION 5 – SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify's data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment: If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify's Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy
).
SECTION 6 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store's website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website's Terms of Service.
Links: When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
The above excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
SECTION 7 – SECURITY
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, destinations outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. We will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted via our Site and Social Media; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We use a trusted third-party payment processing service to process your payment to us and we do not store your credit/debit card information.
We use secure socket layer software (SSL) to encrypt personal information that you provide via your registered account on our Website (including your payment details). This technology prevents you from inadvertently revealing personal information using an unsecure connection. Our Website is certified with an SSL certificate, which verifies that our Website is secure.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
SECTION 8 - KLARNA
A comprehensive view of Klarna's Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy can be found by following these link:
https://www.klarna.com/uk/terms-and-conditions/
and
https://www.klarna.com/uk/privacy-notice/
SECTION 9 - CLEARPAY
A comprehensive view of Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy can be found by following these links:
https://www.clearpay.co.uk/en-GB/terms-of-service
and
https://www.clearpay.co.uk/en-GB/merchant-privacy
SECTION 11 – MOBILE MESSAGE SERVICE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Last updated: 20.10.22
The Club L London mobile message service (the "Service") is operated by us. Your use of the Service constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions (“Mobile Terms”). We may modify or cancel the Service or any of its features without notice. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may also modify these Mobile Terms at any time and your continued use of the Service following the effective date of any such changes shall constitute your acceptance of such changes.
By consenting to Club L London’s SMS/text messaging service, you agree to receive recurring SMS/text messages from and on behalf of Club L London through your wireless provider to the mobile number you provided, even if your mobile number is registered on any state or federal Do Not Call list. Text messages may be sent using an automatic telephone dialling system or other technology. Service-related messages may include updates, alerts, and information (e.g., order updates, account alerts, etc.). Promotional messages may include promotions, specials, and other marketing offers (e.g., cart reminders).
You understand that you do not have to sign up for this program in order to make any purchases, and your consent is not a condition of any purchase with Club L London. Your participation in this program is completely voluntary.
We do not charge for the Service, but you are responsible for all charges and fees associated with text messaging imposed by your wireless provider. Message frequency varies. Message and data rates may apply. Check your mobile plan and contact your wireless provider for details. You are solely responsible for all charges related to SMS/text messages, including charges from your wireless provider.
You may opt-out of the Service at any time. Click the unsubscribe link (where available) in any text message to cancel. You'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message. No further messages will be sent to your mobile device, unless initiated by you. If you have subscribed to other Club L London mobile message programs and wish to cancel, except where applicable law requires otherwise, you will need to opt out separately from those programs by following the instructions provided in their respective mobile terms. For Service support or assistance, email cs@clubllondon.com.
We may change any short code or telephone number we use to operate the Service at any time and will notify you of these changes.
The wireless carriers supported by the Service are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You agree to provide us with a valid mobile number. If you get a new mobile number, you will need to sign up for the program with your new number.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of any information sent through the Service, any errors in such information, and/or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information or Service.
SECTION 10 – LEGAL RIGHTS
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Access to information: You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the data protection laws. If you would like a copy of the information held about you please email cs@clubllondon.com. Any access request will usually be free of charge. We will endeavour to provide information in a format requested but this cannot be guaranteed, but we may charge you a reasonable fee for additional copies.
Correction of information: If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email cs@clubllondon.com. We will correct any information found to be incorrect.
Deletion of information: You have the right to request that your personal data be deleted; including if we no longer need it for the purpose we collected it, or you withdraw your consent.
Following such a request we will erase your personal data without undue delay unless continued retention is necessary and permitted by law. If we made the personal data public, we will take reasonable steps to inform other data controllers processing about your erasure request.
Consequences of Deletion
You may no longer be able to receive, or query historic receipt of, marketing from Club L London or its marketing partners.
Club L London may no longer be able to provide information on historical purchases, including the fulfilment of orders, processing of returned products and refunds, or the support of payment queries and fraudulent claims.
Deletion is irreversible. Please consider the above consequences before requesting the deletion of any data.
Object to Processing
You have the right to object to us processing your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Restriction on processing
You have the right to request that we suspend processing your personal data, but hold it for you, in the event the personal data we hold is inaccurate, the processing is unlawful or we no longer need the personal data. Once the processing is restricted, we will only continue to process your personal data if you consent or we have another legal basis for doing so.
Data Portability
You have the right to receive a copy of your personal data which you gave to us. The copy will be provided in a commonly used and machine-readable format.  You can also have it transmitted directly from us to another data controller, where technically possible.
How to Exercise Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
Withdraw consent at any time
You may withdraw your consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Other
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. If requested, we will transfer all, or elements of, your data to other service providers (where applicable).
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
SALES AND PROMOTIONS
Student Discount (UNiDAYS & Student Beans)
Discount applied at checkout upon entering code provided by UNiDAYS and Student Beans. One-time usage. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other discounts, offers or promotions. Sale and bundle items are also excluded from this discount. Club L London reserves the right to modify or cancel this promotion at any time without notice.
NHS Blue Light Discount
Discount applied at checkout upon entering code provided by bluelightcard.co.uk. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other discounts, offers or promotions. Excludes limited edition, sale and any new collections and bundle items. Club L London reserves the right to modify or cancel this promotion at any time without notice.
Email Promotion
Discount applied at checkout upon entering code provided. One-time usage. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other discounts, offers or promotions. Excludes limited edition, sale and bundle items, store credit and delivery charges. Club L London reserves the right to modify or cancel this promotion at any time without notice.
Clearance Lines
Orders must be returned within 14 days of receipt. If the item you receive is faulty or damaged, please contact customer services. Club L London reserve the right to make or change the returns conditions of clearance lines at any time.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to Content
Updated March 2, 2023
Privacy Policy
How Shopify handles your data
Table of Contents
Introduction
Our values
Why we process your information
Your rights over your information
Where we send your information
How long do we retain your information
Our use of Machine Learning
How we protect your information
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
How you can reach us
United States Regional Privacy Notice
Introduction
In our mission to make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use information about you, our
merchants using Shopify
to power your business
customers
who shop at a Shopify-powered business
partners
who develop apps for merchants to use, build stores on behalf of merchants, refer potential entrepreneurs to Shopify, or otherwise help merchants operate or improve their Shopify-powered business
users of Shopify apps
and services like
Shop
or
Shop Pay
visitors to
Shopify’s websites
, or anyone contacting
Shopify support
This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information. If we change our privacy practices, we may update this privacy policy. If any changes are significant, we will let you know (for example, through the Shopify admin or by email).
Our values
Trust is the foundation of the Shopify platform and includes trusting us to do the right thing with your information. Three main values guide us as we develop our products and services. These values should help you better understand how we think about your information and privacy.
Your information belongs to you
We carefully analyze what types of information we need to provide our services, and we try to limit the information we collect to only what we really need. Where possible, we delete or anonymize this information when we no longer need it. When building and improving our products, our engineers work closely with our privacy and security teams to build with privacy in mind. In all of this work our guiding principle is that your information belongs to you, and we aim to only use your information to your benefit.
We protect your information from others
If a third party requests your personal information, we will refuse to share it unless you give us permission or we are legally required. When we are legally required to share your personal information, we will tell you in advance, unless we are legally forbidden.
We help merchants and partners meet their privacy obligations
Many of the merchants and partners using Shopify do not have the benefit of a dedicated privacy team, and it is important to us to help them meet their privacy obligations. To do this, we try to build our products and services so they can easily be used in a privacy-friendly way. We also provide detailed FAQs and documentation covering the most important privacy topics, and respond to privacy-related questions we receive.
Why we process your information
We generally process your information when we need to do so to fulfill a contractual obligation (for example, to process your subscription payments to use the Shopify platform), or where we or someone we work with needs to use your personal information for a reason related to their business (for example, to provide you with a service). Laws in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in the United Kingdom (“UK”) call these reasons “legitimate interests.” These “legitimate interests” include:
preventing risk and fraud
answering questions or providing other types of support
helping merchants find and use apps through our app store
providing and improving our products and services
providing reporting and analytics
testing out features or additional services
assisting with marketing, advertising, or other communications
We only process personal information for these “legitimate interests” after considering the potential risks to your privacy and balancing any risks with certain measures—for example, by providing clear transparency into our privacy practices, offering you control over your personal information where appropriate, limiting the information we keep, limiting what we do with your information, who we send your information to, how long we keep your information, or the technical measures we use to protect your information.
We may also process your personal information where you have provided your consent. In particular, where we cannot rely on an alternative legal basis for processing, where you direct us to transfer information to a third party, where we receive your data from a third party is sourced and it already comes with consent or where we are required by law to ask for your consent (including in the context of some of our sales and marketing activities). At any time, you have a right to withdraw your consent by changing your communication choices, opting out from our communications or by contacting us.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, to understand our purposes for processing, categories of recipients and legal basis for processing for each type of personal data.
Your rights over your information
We believe you should be able to access and control your personal information no matter where you live. Depending on how you use Shopify, you may have the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, port to another service provider, restrict, or object to certain uses of your personal information. We will not charge you more or provide you with a different level of service if you exercise any of these rights. Please note that a number of these rights apply only in certain circumstances, and all of these rights may be limited by law.
If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store and wish to exercise these rights over information about your purchase or interaction, you need to directly contact the merchant you interacted with. We are a processor and process information on their behalf. We will of course help our merchants to fulfill these requests to the extent required by law, such as by giving them the tools to do so and by answering their questions.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with, please submit your data subject request through our
online portal
. Please note that if you send us a request relating to your personal information, we have to make sure that it is you before we can respond. In order to do so, we may use a third party to collect and verify identification documents. Further information about rights available to US residents can be found below under the header “United States Regional Privacy Notice”.
If you are not happy with our response to a request, you can contact us to resolve the issue. If you are located in the EEA or UK, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy authority at any time.
Finally, because there is no common understanding about what a
“Do Not Track”
signal is supposed to mean, we don’t respond to those signals in any particular way.
Where we send your information
We are a Canadian company, but we work with and process data about individuals across the world. To operate our business, we may send your personal information outside of your state, province, or country, including to the United States. This data may be subject to the laws of the countries where we send it. We take steps to protect your information when we send your information across borders.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant.
Transfers outside of Europe and Switzerland
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal information is controlled by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, when we send your personal information to Canada it is protected under Canadian law, which the European Commission has found adequately protects your information. If we then send this personal information outside of Canada (for example, when we send this information to our
Subprocessors
), this information is protected by contractual commitments that are comparable to those provided in the
Standard Contractual Clauses.
Finally, while we do what we can to protect your information, we may at times be legally required to disclose your personal information (for example, if we receive a valid court order). For information about how we respond to such orders, please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
How long do we retain your information
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information or store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, for further details on the retention of your personal information.
Our use of Machine Learning
One of the ways in which we are able to help merchants using Shopify is by using techniques like “machine learning” (some laws, including certain EEA and UK laws, may refer to this as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our services. When we use machine learning, we either: (1) still have a human being involved in the process (and so are not fully automated); or (2) use machine learning in ways that don’t have legal or similarly significant effects (for example, reordering how apps might appear when you visit the app store).
How we protect your information
Our teams work tirelessly to protect your information, and to ensure the security and integrity of our platform. We also have independent auditors assess the security of our data storage and systems that process financial information. However, we all know that no method of transmission over the Internet, and method of electronic storage, can be 100% secure. This means we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. You can find more information about our security measures at
/ie/security
.
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
We use
cookies
and similar tracking technologies on our website and when providing our services. For more information about how we use these technologies, including a list of other companies that place cookies on our sites, a list of cookies that we place when we power a merchant’s store, and an explanation of how you can opt out of certain types of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about, make a request relating to, or complain about how we process your personal information, please contact
Shopify Support
, or mail us at one of the addresses below. If you would like to submit a legally binding request to demand someone else’s personal information (for example, if you have a subpoena or court order), please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with and you are located in the EEA or UK, Shopify International Ltd is the controller of your personal data. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store, the merchant is your data controller and we are acting as a processor on their behalf.
If you have questions about how a merchant or store processes your personal information, you should contact the merchant or visit their privacy policy.
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or Africa:
Shopify International Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Intertrust Ireland
2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings
Haddington Road
Dublin 4, D04 XN32
Ireland
If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand:
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
United States Regional Privacy Notice
This United States Regional Privacy Notice (“US Notice”) supplements our Privacy Policy and all supplemental privacy policies on
www.shopify.com
(together, the “Shopify Privacy Policies”).
This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various applicable privacy laws in the US, specifically the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the “US Privacy Laws”).
What information we collect and share about you
To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information about you, including personal information.
We do not “sell” your personal information as that term is defined under US Privacy Laws.
Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify.
Categories of personal information collected
Recipients of personal information
Identifiers, including name, email address, mailing address, phone number;
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including name, mailing and billing address, phone number, credit or debit card information;
Commercial information, including products you purchase, place in your shopping cart, favorite or review (if you are a customer) and information you provide us about you and your business (if you are a merchant);
Photos and videos, which may include face imagery, if you choose to provide them.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding the device and browser you use, network connection, IP address, and how you browse through our apps and sites;
Geolocation data, including your mailing and billing address;
Inferences, or information derived from other personal information about you, which could include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience;
Other information you provide; and
Sensitive personal information, which may include:
Government-issued identifiers, including social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
Your account access credentials (such as account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account);
Your device’s precise location (if you are a Shop App user, but only when you allow Shop to access this information);
Information you voluntarily disclose that may reveal certain characteristics about you such as your racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation
The contents of email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to the app to be included in your order history (if you use Shop).
Companies who help us provide you with our services, including cloud storage providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, security vendors, email providers, marketplaces and data analytics vendors;
Advertisers and marketing vendors;
Merchants whose shops you visit or make purchases from;
Partners who provide a range of services to merchants, such as by developing apps or themes for use by merchants, serving as an affiliate that refers potential merchants to us, or helping merchants build or manage stores;
Law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Why we collect and share your Personal Information
We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Sources of Personal Information
To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use personal information provided by:
You: We collect the information you provide when you use our platform, including when you sign up for Shopify as a merchant, visit a Shopify-powered store, fill in order information, visit one of Shopify’s websites or contact Shopify support. We collect account and payment information you provide to us (including information about your business if you are a merchant), Shopify stores or items you save to favorites, purchases you make, reviews you post, and how you otherwise interact or communicate with stores or other users on our apps or services. We also collect information about how you browse through our apps and sites, including search terms you may enter.
Your device(s): We collect information from and about the devices you use, including computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use to access our apps or services, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
Third parties: We receive information from partners who help us provide you with our services including the following:
Email providers. If you use the Shop App and you connect your third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we receive information to identify shopping-related emails and display within Shop information about specific orders you have made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related information.
Service Providers. We receive information from our service providers, who help us provide services to our merchants, like reviewing accounts for fraud or other concerns.
Marketplaces. If you use the Shop App, we receive information about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through Shop. This information helps us to provide and improve Shop, to personalize your experience using our apps and services, and to determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment methods.
Subprocessors. We work with third party subprocessors for cloud hosting, content delivery, data analysis, internal logging, fulfillment services and email transmission, among others, to provide you with our services. For more information, see Shopify’s subprocessors.
Analytics and cookie providers. We receive information through our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook “like” button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing information to help measure how users interact with our website content. For more information about how we use these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.
How long we keep your information
Because we need your personal information to provide Shopify services, we generally keep your personal information, including sensitive personal information, while you use Shopify products or services or until you tell us to delete your information. We may also keep personal information to comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests.
If you are a merchant operating a Shopify-powered store, and you close the store, stop paying your subscription fees, or we terminate your account, we retain store information for two years before we begin the deletion process.
When you visit or make a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, we act as a service provider or processor for the merchant, and the merchant, not Shopify, decides how long your information is retained.
Your rights over your information
Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:
Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you, and information about our data practices.
Right to Request Correction: The right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected about you.
To exercise your rights, including the “right to know” and “right to delete,” please submit a request through our online portal. If you use Shop or Shop Pay, please visit
https://shop.app/delete-account
for instructions on how to request deletion of your information.
If you have visited or made a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, please contact the specific merchant directly. If you make a request to us, we will forward your request to the relevant merchant.
Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products and services, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address or a government issued ID.
Under US Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information.
For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see here. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact Shopify Support.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about or have concerns about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support. If you want to make a request relating to your personal information, please contact us using the methods set out in the section immediately above.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.klarna.com/uk/privacy-notice/:
For shoppers
For business
Secure and private. By design.
We understand the importance of keeping your personal and financial information secure and private. From making sure you get what you pay for, to fraud monitoring and data encryption, we’re here to make sure you can always shop and pay with peace of mind.
Exercise my privacy rights
Built-in privacy
Your privacy comes first, our products are designed and built to safeguard your data while still being easy to use.
Always in control
You can easily manage, access or delete your personal data when you are logged into your Klarna account.
Open and transparent
The reasons we collect and process your data are easily accessible and clearly outlined in our Privacy Notice.
Enhanced data protection
We only collect the information we need to give you the best experience possible and we use data encryption to keep it safe.
How we process and safeguard your data
Our Privacy Notice provides all the information about how we use your personal data and outlines our commitment to protect your personal data.
Privacy Notice
How we provide the best shopping experience
The Klarna Shopping Service terms explain how we provide an optimal shopping experience, including explaining details regarding your account, our payment methods, and how we protect your purchases.
Klarna Shopping Service
How we use tracking technologies
Our Cookie Notice details how we use tracking technologies to optimise the functionality of our website and improve your user experience. It also explains how you can control the use of these tracking technologies.
Cookie Notice
How does Klarna collect my data?
When you use Klarna, there are two ways we can receive your personal data:
Personal data that you provide to us. This includes, for example, your contact- and identification information or your payment information.
Personal data that we collect about you from a variety of sources. We receive information from credit and fraud prevention agencies, stores, or public databases, among others. This can include name, date of birth, place of birth, financial information, or how you use our service.
Which purposes does Klarna use my data for?
As we continuously work to elevate your shopping experience, we may use your data for a variety of reasons, for example:
Verify your identity when you use our services or contact us
Engage with you as a customer
Provide you with the services you requested
Give you an overview on your financial situation
Understand your eligibility for Klarna products and services
Communicate information on the products we offer
Conduct customer satisfaction survey
Carry out credit and fraud assessments
Perform debt collection service
Prevent IT attack
Meet regulatory and legal requirements
For more detailed information about the different reasons for collecting and using each type of your data, see our
Privacy Notice
.
How does Klarna use my data?
We value and respect your data, and always seek to improve your everyday interactions with us. Here are key ways your personal data, once shared with us, serves to benefit you:
Paying with Klarna:
We perform internal and third-party credit checks, gather contact and ID information, and analyse interactions with Klarna to understand your eligibility for our products and services.
Klarna App:
We collect data on app interactions, past purchases, linked bank transactions, and preferred items to enhance the app experience and provide personalised offerings like tracking deliveries, price drop notifications, and financial overview.
Support:
We gather contact and ID details and document past conversations to ensure efficient, personalised support and faster response times.
Safe shopping:
We record contact and ID information, financial details, device data, and interaction information to protect against fraud and money laundering.
Communication and Offers:
We keep records of prior purchases, interactions, and device details to send updates, offers, and product recommendations.
For more detailed information on how we process your data, see our
Privacy Notice
.
How is the security of my information ensured?
Your information security and privacy is the most important to us at Klarna. These are some of the measures we take in our approach to protect your data:
Investment in State-of-the-art Systems:
Our advanced security infrastructure vigilantly monitors our ecosystem, identifying any suspicious activity.
Proactive Risk Management:
Before developing our products, we conduct rigorous risk assessments and implement preventive measures to maintain robust security.
Data Encryption:
We utilise appropriate encryption techniques to protect your data from unauthorised access.
Limited Access within the organisation:
We ensure that only authorised individuals have access to your data.
Compliance with Regulations:
As a finance institution, we are subject to regular external audits which scrutinise our security protocols to maintain the highest standards.
Read more about security at Klarna
here
.
How can I review and access my data?
You can review and access a copy of all personal data that we store about you at any time. To access your data, log into your Klarna account, go to "Security and privacy," and then select "Privacy rights" to initiate the request.
The information you receive may include details related to your previous purchases with Klarna and the products and services you have used.
How can I delete my data?
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data. When you exercise your right to be forgotten, your data will be deleted, and all agreements you have with us will be terminated. As a bank, we are required by law to retain certain personal data even after your deletion request. We may also retain certain information based on legitimate interest to protect you and us, such as for fraud prevention purposes.
Once you have exercised your right to be forgotten, you'll no longer be able to access previous orders or your account. You can place new orders again after we have successfully deleted your data.
To request data deletion, log into your Klarna account, navigate to "Security and privacy," and then select "Privacy rights" to initiate the process.
Send us your privacy request
You're in control. Here is how you can exercise different privacy rights at Klarna:
Delete your personal data
You can easily request data deletion, by logging in to your Klarna account; navigate to "Security and privacy," and then select "Privacy rights" to initiate the process.
Access your personal data
To access your data, log in to your Klarna account, go to "Security and privacy," and then select "Privacy rights" to initiate the request.
Object to the processing of your personal data or correct your personal data
If you want to object to the processing of your personal data or correct your personal data, use the form below.
Please choose one of the following request types.
Object to the processing of my personal data
Correct my personal data
My Privacy Request *
Delete my personal data
By requesting your data to be deleted you terminate all agreements you have with us.
All fields marked with an * are required.
Correct my personal data
You can have inaccurate data corrected for your name, date of birth and billing address.
All fields marked with an * are required.
Access my personal data
Klarna will not store your phone number or email, unless you have previously shared it with us for instance, by using one of Klarna's products.
All fields marked with an * are required.
Object to the processing of my personal data
You can object to the processing of your personal data that is carried out based on legitimate interest, for example performing customer satisfaction surveys.
Upon receiving your objection, we will thoroughly assess your specific situation against our legitimate reasons for processing the data. If we determine that your rights, interests, and freedoms outweigh our grounds, we will cease processing the data. Please be aware this could impact certain services we provide.
All fields marked with an * are required.
First name *
Last name *
Email used to place orders *
Please confirm your email *
Date of birth *
For more information about how we handle your personal data, please read our
Privacy Notice
.
Please select which of the below details you wish to have rectified:
Name
Date of birth
Billing address
Please upload one of the following documents in order to verify these changes:
For name and/or date of birth - Passport, Driving licence, Birth certificate, Marriage certificate or Death certificate.
For billing address - Utility Bill, Bank statements, Government issued letter (must be dated within the last 90 days).
Upload files here
Accepted file formats: .jpg, .jpeg, .png, .pdf, .heic, .eml
Please note that this form serves to rectify your name, DOB or billing address. To change any other type of personal data such as email address, phone number, etc. please reach out to our service center.
For your security, please feel free to redact any information not applicable before attaching.
For more information about how we handle your personal data, please read our
Privacy Notice
.
A valid mobile phone number  *
Reviews submitted to Klarna on products and/or merchants
Your profile picture uploaded to the user portal or Klarna App
Data connected to Klarna Loans and Close Brothers Retail Finance
Information regarding additional support if you specifically requested it
For more information about how we handle your personal data, please read our
Privacy Notice
.
Against which processing activity do you wish to object and based on which reasoning?
You can find information about the processing activities that we base on legitimate interest in our Privacy Notice under Section 4 *
For more information about how we handle your personal data, please read our
Privacy Notice
.
Customer service
Sub-policy 2
https://www.clearpay.co.uk/en-GB/merchant-privacy:
Get the app
How it Works
Invite a friend
For Retailers
No suggestions found
Categories
No categories found
Login
Sign Up
All categories
Most Popular
On sale
New
Support Small
Shop In-Store
All categories
Most Popular
On sale
New
Support Small
Shop In-Store
Clearpay Merchant Privacy Policy
PRINT PAGE
Effective Date: November 15, 2024
We appreciate that you trust us with your personal information. Here we provide an overview of what personal information we collect from you and why, how we handle it, and your rights and choices.
This Privacy Policy describes how Afterpay and affiliates (“Afterpay,” “we,” “us”, and "our") collect, use, disclose, transfer, store, retain or otherwise process your personal information ("your", “you”, and "Merchant") when you visit our website, apply for and use our Merchant product and related services, or otherwise interact and engage with us in relation to our Merchant products, features, and services, including as outlined in our Terms of Service ("agreement") (collectively, "Services"). The Afterpay entity you are interacting with will be based on your country of residence. A list of Afterpay entities can be found in
10. How to Contact Us
below.
Partners, merchants, online market places, and suppliers that Afterpay interacts with are independent of Afterpay and responsible for their own privacy policies and practices. This includes, content on their websites or app, and products or services provided. Please refer to their Privacy Policy or reach out directly to these third parties for further information.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
1. Personal information we collect about you and why
2. When and with whom we share your personal information
3. How we secure your personal information
4. How we use cookies and similar technologies
5. How long we keep your personal information
6. Your rights and choices
7. Rights of California residents
8. International data transfers
9 Children's personal information
10. Changes to this privacy policy
11. How to contact us
1. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND WHY
Personal information reasonably identifies you and is about you, directly or indirectly, as described in applicable privacy laws in places we operate in.
We collect and process personal information about you in three ways:
(i) when you provide it to us directly;
(ii) when we gather personal information while you are using any of our Services, including through cookies and similar technologies (see 4. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies below); and
(iii) when we collect personal information from other third party sources.
We explain in the table below what types of personal information we collect and process, how and why we do so, and the lawful bases that apply in particular as prescribed under the General Data Protection Regulation and UK General Data Protection Regulation. We will collect and process your personal information with your knowledge and consent, including as set out in this Policy, except where otherwise required or permitted by law. We may collect or process personal information in other ways than as described below. We will let you know at that time, unless otherwise inappropriate or unlawful to do so
.
If you fail or refuse to provide us with personal information we request from you directly, or we do not obtain your consent where we rely upon it, including to gather personal information while you are using our Services or from third party sources, we may not be able to proceed with entering into or fulfilling some of our Services. Consequently, we will not be able to provide or continue to provide those Services to you. This includes, but without limitation, setting up your Afterpay account, or responding to a support request or complaint.
Purpose of processing
Categories of personal information we collect and how
Why we collect and process personal information, and lawful bases where applicable
To reach out and understand whether you may be interested in applying to be a Merchant with us,
including when you have completed our online business sign up and inquiry pages, or when we have received your personal information from other sources.
From you -
Contact information, such as your name, address (and location), phone number, and email
From other sources -
Contact information, such as your name, address (and location), phone number, and email. We collect these from third parties (such as a Merchant who has referred you under our Merchant Referral Program), publicly available sources (eg. your website or Linkedin), and other third party sources.
With your consent
Our legitimate interests to promote our products and services, and yours, where otherwise permitted and consistent with applicable law, so that we can explore opportunities and benefits of the use of our Services
To create (and assess whether to create) an Afterpay account,
including to carry out our identity and account verification process and to enable you to authenticate into your account once created.
From you -
Contact information, such as your name, address (and location), phone number, and email
Financial and business-related information, such as bank account details
Identity information, such as your date of birth, driver’s license, passport, and other requested identification information documents
From other sources -
Confirmation of your identity through verification processes from identity verification and fraud prevention providers, and credit reference agencies, who may validate the information you provide us with other information from publicly or commercially available sources. Your personal information may also be screened against relevant sanctions watchlists.
We may search online for any publicly available information about you, such as adverse media, through our onboarding process, and ongoing review of your suitability to provide our Services.
Legal obligation - to comply with applicable anti-money laundering and counter terrorism financing and sanctions laws
To take steps to enter into and for the performance of our agreement with you
For our legitimate interests to protect our business, and to confirm your identity, to detect, prevent and investigate suspected or actual money laundering, fraud, or other crimes or illegal activities
To provide our Afterpay account Services,
including setting up your business’s Service account to interact with you and deliver our Services, such as sending you communications as necessary about our Services, invoices, and agreement updates
From you -
Contact information, such as your name, address, phone number, and email.
For the performance of our agreement with you
To send you direct marketing and other promotional communications, before or after you apply to become a Merchant, including to offer new partnerships and promotion opportunities.
Where permitted, we may opt you in to marketing communications, but you can opt out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of these messages. Refer also to
6. Your Rights and Choices
below.
From you -
Your contact details, such as your email address
With your consent, or for our legitimate interests to promote our products and services, where otherwise permitted and consistent with applicable law
To provide you support, including to resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems
From you -
Identity verification information requested from you to discuss your account with you
Information about the subject of your support request or complaint
From other sources -
Identity verification information requested from an agent you have authorized to discuss your account on your behalf
Information relevant to the subject of the support request or complaint from merchants or other relevant sources
For the performance of our agreement with you
For our legitimate interests, such as to investigate or respond to a support request or complaint
To detect, investigate and prevent suspected or actual fraud, money laundering, or other crimes or illegal activities on an ongoing basis, including credit card rules, and to protect Afterpay’s legal rights and claims
From your use of our Services -
Information about your use of our Services
From other sources -
Information from third parties about you as consistent with applicable law, including from our affiliates
For our legitimate interests, in establishing any risks in providing services to you and to prevent, detect and prosecute fraud and other crimes
To learn more about your level of satisfaction, your expectations of us and our Partners, and how we can meet them,
so that we can customise, measure, and improve our Services including its content, layout and operations.
We may send you survey requests to do so.
We may use this information to produce statistics and reports about our Services and operations. We will typically use this information to create aggregated or anonymised information and only use personal information where necessary.
From you -
Feedback you provide us about our Services and interactions with us and our partners
From your use of our Services -
Information from you, your use of our Services, and other sources, as detailed in this section of our Privacy Policy.
Our legitimate interests to understand our Merchants so that we can provide a better experience for you and everyone, and to maintain and improve our Services
To make our app or site work as you’d expect it to,
such as to prevent and respond to suspected or actual malicious software or activity, for secure identity verification and login, fraud prevention, and remembering your cookies choices.
This includes personal information collected and processed by the use of cookies and similar technologies. Refer to
4. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies
below
From your use of our Services -
Technical information, such as date and time you visited a site or took an action, IP address, login details, your location, device or browser settings
Cookies consent preference
To enter into and for the performance of our agreement with you
Our legitimate interests, to provide a secure and functioning delivery of our Services
To provide by the use of cookies and similar technologies on our website and app better functionality, to assess our performance, for advertising by us and our digital partners, and to provide a personalized experience.
Refer also to
4. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies
below
From your use of our Services -
Technical information, such as date and time you visited a site or took an action, IP address, contact details such as your email address, your geolocation, device or browser settings
With your consent or where otherwise consistent with applicable law
For other purposes you have specifically consented to
From you, from the use of our Services, or other sources. For instance, if we collect and process personal information categorized as “sensitive” or “special” under applicable laws, such as your health information, to deliver our Services, we will only collect this information where it is reasonably necessary and we have your consent, or where required by and consistent with applicable laws.
Other information from you, from the use of our Services, or other sources as explained to you at the time we seek your consent.
With your consent
As required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations, including to satisfy our bookkeeping, taxation, auditing, and accounting requirements, and to carry out business, operational, and legal functions.
Unspecified information from you, from the use of our Services, or other sources.
As required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations
2. WHEN AND WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share personal information described in
1. Personal information we collect and why
section with the following categories of service providers and other third parties.
Categories of third parties
When and why we may share your personal information
Affiliates within our group of companies
Such as, Cash App, Square, or other wholly-owned subsidiaries of Block Inc.
We may share your personal information for the following purposes for our legitimate interests or as otherwise required or consistent with applicable law.
To provide (or assess to provide), maintain or improve our Services
To understand how you engage with our Services to help make them better for you and for everyone
To help us manage our relationship with you across our group of companies and for customer support issues and to enforce our agreement with you, including in cases of debt recovery
For us and our affiliates to prevent, detect, and prosecute money laundering, fraud and other crimes or illegal activities
For marketing purposes where legally permitted
As instructed by you and choices available to you
As required or permitted with applicable law
Service Providers and sub-contractors
We share your personal information with the following Service Providers for our legitimate interests to provide, maintain and improve our Services.
Technology and IT infrastructure providers to store information and to provide software or programs that help us provide our Services
Marketing or event providers that help us run our advertising campaigns, contests, special offers, or other events or activities
Identity verification and fraud prevention providers and credit reference agencies to help us confirm your identity and prevent fraud, to assist us in meeting our obligations under anti-money laundering / counter terrorism financing and sanctions laws, and other compliance requirements. These companies process your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies
Financial partners, like financial institutions, payment networks, payment card associations, and credit bureaus that help us provide our joint Services
Outbound phone and text messaging services. Our Service Provider may need to access and intercept messages between us and your from time to time or disclose your personal information to a government body or telecommunications network provider to comply with applicable telecommunications laws, or a court or tribunal order
Customer service agencies, to support manage our relationship with you
Analytics providers, to understand how you engage with our Services to help make them better for you and for everyone. For example, we partner with third-party analytics providers, like Google, to help us understand how you use our services so that we can improve our customer experience.
Your customers
We share your personal information with customers that you engage and transact with using our Services for the following purposes to fulfill our agreement with you
To assist you to manage an order, including dealing with any refunds, disputes, or claims, or in regards to an inquiry or complaint made by a customer
Financial institutions that we may partner with to jointly create and offer a product, including banking partners as may be required by credit card association rules for inclusion on their list of terminated merchants
We share your personal information for the following purposes with your consent, to fulfill our agreement with you, or for our legitimate interests.
To provide Afterpay and partner products and services
To maintain funding lines so that our business remains commercially viable and to provide (or assess to provide) our Services to you
If you elect to use the Plaid Technologies, Inc. (“Plaid”) feature in the US, Plaid may collect your information from financial institutions. By using the Plaid service, you acknowledge and agree that Plaid will collect and use your personal information in accordance with Plaid’s privacy policy, which is available at
https://plaid.com/legal
Online trackers, interest-based advertisers, and external affiliate networks
We share your personal information for the following purposes with your consent or for our legitimate interests.
Consistent with applicable law and choices that may be available to you, we partner with interest-based advertisers to send you marketing materials. Refer to
4. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies for more information<
/li>
Afterpay share the information that you have clicked on a sponsored Retailer link from our web or app with our external affiliate network partner. We use a unique Afterpay URL or “hyperlink,” and will not share any personal identifiers or information in doing so. Our external affiliate network partner may track you through that Retailer’s website, including connecting our hyperlink with you in order to calculate a potential commission to Afterpay in line with their own privacy policies and practices
Companies that we plan to merge with or be acquired by or who may invest in us
We share your personal information for the following purposes for our legitimate interests.
For business transfers and corporate changes to enable the assessment or completion of the relevant merger, restructuring, financing, acquisition, divestiture, dissolution or other corporate change. If we do or try to do a corporate merger, consolidation, or restructuring (including during due diligence and negotiation of these); the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets; the financing, acquisition, divestiture, or dissolution of all or a portion of our business; or other corporate change
To ensure that we or our business remains commercially viable
To a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of one or more of the Services to enable them to continue to run the Services after the change of owner or operator
Law enforcement agencies, government agencies, officials, or other authorities or third parties pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process, requirement, or legitimate interest
We share personal information for the following purposes for our legitimate interests, to protect our business and enforce our agreement with you, or where required or authorized by law.
To detect, investigate and prevent suspected or actual fraud, money laundering, or other crimes or illegal activities, including credit card rules
To comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request (e.g., from creditors, tax authorities, law enforcement agencies, in response to a garnishment, levy, or lien notice, etc.)
To establish, exercise or defend our legal rights, including to enforce our agreement with you
To protect ours or our customers' rights or property, including from harm, fraud, or potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and for the security or integrity of our Services
With your consent
Other third parties with your consent or direction to do so, such as to provide (or assess to provide) our Services, or to discuss your account with an authorized agent
Other third parties where required by law, or our legitimate interests as permitted by law
To comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request (e.g., from creditors, tax authorities, law enforcement agencies, in response to a garnishment, levy, or lien notice, etc.)
Other purposes as permitted by applicable laws
3. HOW WE SECURE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take appropriate measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to protect your personal information from loss, theft, and misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. The internet is not a 100% secure environment, so we cannot guarantee absolute security of the transmission or storage of your information. We are an ISO 27001 compliant company, and require our third parties to meet appropriate privacy and security standards when handling data on our behalf. Your personal information will be accessible by our employees, contractors and service providers who require access for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
For more information about our security practices, please visit
https://www.afterpay.com/en-AU/security
or refer to
10. How to Contact Us
below.
4. HOW WE USE COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies are small data files stored on your browser or device. They may be sent by the operator of the site or app you are visiting, in this case Afterpay (“first-party cookies”), or by third parties, such as our service providers and digital partners (“third-party cookies”). Other similar technologies may be used, such as tracking pixels or browser local storage (together “cookies”). For example, we partner with third-party analytics providers, like Google, to help us understand how you use our services so that we can improve your experience with us.
When you visit our website or app, we use cookies as necessary to make our Services work, to improve our performance and functionality, or to personalise your online experience.
You may see certain interest-based advertising on other websites or online services based on information relating to your access to and use of our Services and other websites. This is because we work with interest based advertisers to promote our Services consistent with applicable law. Third party services use personal information we provide to deliver Afterpay advertisements on third party websites that may be tailored to your individual interests. These interest based advertisers may also use personal information about you that they have independently collected and in accordance with their privacy policy and practices, including through the use of cookies.
Your browser or device may offer settings to control cookies. You may also opt-out of receiving ads from us or our partners by using our partners’ settings or by heading to
Your Online Choices
(EU/UK) or
Your Ad Choices
(other countries) for more information. As a heads up, blocking or opting-out of some types of cookies may impact your experience and the Services we’re able to offer.
Certain web browsers allow you to instruct your browser to respond to Do Not Track ("DNT") signals to websites you visit, informing those sites that you do not want your online activities to be tracked. At this time, our websites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
If you are based in the EU or UK, head to "Cookies" on our website for further information and to manage cookies on our website or app.
5. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The retention periods for personal information we collect and process about you are determined on a case-by-case basis that depends on the following factors below.
-
The nature of the personal information, and why it is collected and processed
,
as described in this Privacy Policy
. This includes to provide our Services, to comply with legal obligations, to enforce and prevent violations of our agreement with you, and to protect us against fraudulent activity.
-
To manage and enforce our agreement with you
. Your use of our Services is subject to the agreement between us. So if, for example, you close your Afterpay account,, we retain personal information about you for a period of time so as to collect any debt or fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations or complaints, and to prevent fraud or risk..
-
To establish, exercise, or defend our legal claims or rights
. For example, we preserve your personal information related to a legal claim or complaint, such as where we are subject to a regulatory investigation, or we need to defend ourselves in legal proceedings involving your personal information, or respond to a government authority or body in relation to a legal or regulatory complaint made by you or someone else
-
As required or otherwise permitted by applicable law.
For example, retention periods may be imposed under law or regulation for a prescribed period of time. For instance, to protect our or other’s legitimate interests, such as to prevent fraud.
Personal information collected and processed to enter into and for the performance of our agreement with you will be generally retained for up to 10 years after your application is made or the termination of our agreement with you (where applicable), and as otherwise we have a lawful basis to do so. Our reasons include, but without limitation, to deliver our Services for the duration that your Afterpay account exists so we can maintain your account, and to comply with applicable anti-money laundering/counter terrorism financing and sanctions laws.
6. YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
You can see or change personal information you gave us, ask us to close your account, control your device location tracking settings, or tell us to stop direct marketing to you at any time. Head to our Help Centre at any time by clicking "Help" on our website or app for detailed instructions. We also respect other privacy rights and choices you make consistent with applicable law. These rights and choices available to you are based on your country of residence and which Afterpay entity you are dealing with, and are subject to limitations as required or permitted by applicable law.
We may ask you to verify your identity in accordance with our standard procedures, including any authorized agent who would like to act on your behalf, or clarify your request, before taking further action on your privacy right or choice request. We endeavor to respond and address all privacy rights and choices requests within 21 calendar days or otherwise within the applicable statutory time frame. We will let you know if we need more time, and why. We may not always be able to fulfill your request if we have a legitimate basis to refuse it. We will tell you why. For example, if you seek to erase your personal data in a way that would mean we are not able to comply with our obligations under law.
If you would like to make a privacy right or choice request, please refer to
10. How To Contact Us
below.
Rights and choices that may be available to you, based on your country of residence
Right to
Description
Withdraw your consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent where we have relied on it to process your personal information. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you with certain Services. It will not affect our lawful basis for processing based on consent before your withdrawal.
Access
You have the right to request a copy of your personal information held by us.
Further information
You have the right to enquire further about the personal information we hold about you and our privacy practices, including how we transfer personal information internationally and onward disclosures of personal information
Correction
You have the right to ask us to correct your personal data, including where you believe it is not accurate, complete, up to date, or relevant.
Erasure
You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information, and where personal information is made public, to inform other controllers of your personal information to erase your personal information where you have a lawful erasure right.
Restrict Processing
You have the right to ask us to restrict processing of your personal data.
Object to processing
You have the right to object to us processing your personal information where we process it based on our legitimate interests, including for direct marketing purposes and other profiling activities. You can also opt out of direct marketing at any time as described above.
Data Portability
You have the right to ask us to access or transfer on your behalf personal information we hold about you to a third party in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Make an enquiry or complaint
You have the right to make an enquiry or complaint, including to lodge a complaint with your local privacy authority.
Object to automated decision making
You have the right to object to solely automated decisions that we may have made about you that produce a legal or similarly significant effect, and ask for more information about the decision and have a person review it, unless we are prohibited or exempt from doing so under law.
More information
We use systems to make decisions about you through automated means, including behavioural profiling, without our staff being involved. We complete the following decision making by automated means, with legal or similarly significant effects on you, to enter into and perform our Services you request from us, or to comply with laws that apply to us:
Verify your identity to assess your application to provide you our Services. This decision helps us make sure we’re lending responsibly, and helps us prevent fraud, money laundering, terrorism financing, and allows us to check against sanction lists in relevant cases.
These decisions rely on personal information we collect or hold about you from your applications and your interactions and experiences with us, such as transactions attempted to be made or made to your company. We may also use information about you we collect from third party credit reference and fraud prevention agencies.
Automated decisions can affect the products, services or features we may offer you. As a result of the above decisions, you may be declined access or have limited access to our Services. We perform regular checks of our automated decision models to ensure they are operating correctly.
7. RIGHTS OF CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you live in California, the following additional rights apply to you.
Right to
Description
Know
You may have the right to request, up to twice in a 12-month period, to see the following information about the personal information we have collected about you:
The categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;
The business or commercial purpose for which we collected the personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information; and
The categories of personal information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that information for a business purpose.
California law also gives you the right to ask if we share your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes (we do not disclose your personal information for unaffiliated third parties’ direct marketing purposes).
Erasure
You have the right to ask us to delete the personal information we have collected from you (subject to exceptions the law provides). Please note that you may no longer be able to use our Services if you delete your personal information.
Correction
You have the right to correct the personal information we have collected about you (subject to exceptions the law provides).
Non-Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against if you exercise these privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you, deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Opt-Out
You have the right to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for purposes of certain targeted advertising known as cross-context behavioral advertising. If we share your personal information to third parties for such purposes, we will provide you the right to opt out of such sharing (subject to exceptions the law provides).  
Although some of the information we collect and process about you may be considered sensitive personal information, we only process such information for purposes authorized by law, such as to provide services you request from us or to verify your information.
Although we disclose your personal information to third parties as described above, we do not sell your personal information.
How to Exercise Your Rights
You may submit an access, deletion, or correction request
here
or by emailing
privacy@afterpay.com
. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf as permitted under law, though before we process that request, we will require that you provide the authorized agent written permission to do so and verify your identity directly with us.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Exceptions to These Rights
California law provides for certain exceptions to the rights described above. We reserve the right to avail ourselves of these exceptions where applicable. For example, these rights do not apply to personal information collected, processed, shared, or disclosed pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.
8. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Personal information we collect and handle about you may be transferred to or stored in a jurisdiction outside your country of residence and where the Afterpay entity you are dealing with operates. We may do so, for example without limitation, when sharing personal information with our affiliates and service providers to help us provide (or assess to provide) our Services or other third parties that we partner with. Your personal information may be transferred to or stored in Australia, New Zealand, the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, the European Union, China, and Singapore. We may transfer your personal information to other countries, but we will always take steps to ensure your personal information is afforded equivalent levels of protection and rights as are required under your country of residence and where the Afterpay entity you are dealing with operates. For more information please reach out using the details in 10 How to Contact Us below.
We take steps to ensure your personal information is afforded equivalent levels of protection and rights as are required under your country of residence and where the Afterpay entity you are dealing with operates.
Where we transfer your personal information outside the United Kingdom or European Union that are not covered by an adequacy decision of the European Commission or the UK government (as applicable), we use appropriate safeguards that include Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the UK's Information Commissioner's Office or European Commission as appropriate, or other applicable measures, including transfers to a third party that has implemented Binding Corporate Rules, or specific situations outlined under Article 49 of the UK GDPR / GDPR. You can access a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the UK Information Commissioner's Office
here
, and the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission
here
. Afterpay entities are bound by an Intercompany Personal Data Transfer Agreement that contains Standard Contractual Clauses.
For further information about our policies and practices with respect to international data transfers, please refer to 10. How To Contact Us below.
9. CHILDREN'S PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our Services are not directed at children under the age of 18. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 18, we will promptly close the relevant account and delete that personal information as consistent with applicable law.
10. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, as may be required. We will provide you with reasonable prior notice of any material changes in how we use your personal information, including by email if you have provided one. If you disagree with these changes, you may cancel your Afterpay account at any time. Any amendments will be published by posting a revised version of the Privacy Policy and updating the “Effective Date” and "Posted Date" above. The revised version will be effective on the “Effective Date” listed.
11. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, or would like to exercise your rights and choices, you can get in touch with us by contacting your country specific Afterpay entity below. If you are dissatisfied with our response, you have a right to make a complaint to your local privacy authority, with a link to their contact page below.
Country
Contact Details
Local Authority
Australia
Submit a request here
privacy@afterpay.com
Afterpay Australia Pty Ltd
GPO Box 2269, Melbourne, VIC 3001, Australia
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
Canada
Submit a request here
Afterpay Canada Limited
1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, California, United States of America 94612
If you would like to speak to the Afterpay Privacy Lead, please address your communication accordingly.
Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
European Union
Submit a request here
privacy@clearpay.com
Clearpay S.A.U
Paseo de la Castellana, 95, 28046 Madrid,
Madrid, España
If you would like to speak to the EU Data Protection Officer, please address your communication for the attention of the Data Protection Officer.
Clearpay S.A.U Limited is the Data Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Agencia Española de Protección de Datos
New Zealand
Submit a request here
privacy@afterpay.com
Afterpay NZ Limited
TMF Group, Level 11, 41 Shortland Street, Auckland 1010
New Zealand Privacy Commissioner
United Kingdom
Submit a request here
privacy@clearpay.co.uk
Clearpay Finance Limited
101 New Cavendish Street, London, W1W 6XH
If you would like to speak to the UK Data Protection Officer, please address your communication for the attention of the Data Protection Officer.
Clearpay Finance Limited is the Data Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and U.K. GDPR / Data Protection Act 2018.
Information Commissioner’s Office
United States
Submit a request here
privacy@afterpay.com
Afterpay US, Inc.
1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, California, United States of America 94612
Block, Inc affiliates and related companies
privacy@squareup.com
Block, Inc
1955 Broadway, Suite 600, Oakland, California, United States of America 94612