Swapnanil Dhol
Uncategorized
November 30, 2019
2 Minutes
Swapnanil Dhol built the Neon app as a Free app. This
SERVICE
is provided by Swapnanil Dhol at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Neon unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
The app
does not
use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
You may opt in or opt out as you deem necessary.
Security
All your data is securely stored and never shared with anyone at anytime unless you explicitly ask the app to do so.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Advertisement
Privacy Settings
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at neontheapp@gmail.com.
Share this:
Tweet
Like
Loading...
Related
Privacy Policy for Sticker Cards
July 6, 2020
Liked by 2 people
Terms of Service for Neon
December 3, 2019
Liked by 2 people
Farewell, Cassini
September 14, 2017
Liked by 1 person
Published by
Swapnanil Dhol
Swapnanil Dhol is the main author and curator of SwapnanilDhol.com *duh*. He's currently in his first year of Computer Science and Engineering at SRM, IST and then expects to join a flying school with the final goal of becoming a commercial pilot. He makes iOS apps and has two of his apps on the App Store He likes telling stories through cinema, aviation, Elon Musk, creating content for Youtube etc. The things he doesn't like include cockroaches and drivers who have their high beams on all the time. Honestly, it is very hard to write about yourself in third person.
View all posts by Swapnanil Dhol
Published
November 30, 2019