Privacy Policy
Last
updated
: 2023-1-3
Acco
r
ding to THE
DATA PROTECTION LAWS,
We do not knowingly collect personal information from
MINOR
S
for any purpose. If you believe that we have
COLLECT SUCH
information of
MINOR
without parental or guardian consent, or if you are the parent or guardian of the user and wish to withdraw the consent, please submit your request at【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 and we will delete such information.
Welcome to SoulChill (the “Platform”). This Platform is provided and controlled by SpaceCape Techonology Pte. Ltd. . (“SoulChill”, “we” or “us”). We are committed to protect and respect your privacy. This policy explains our practices concerning the personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. If you do not agree with this policy, you should not use the Platform.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will treat your information before you start to use our Service or communicate with us outside the Platform certain features or functionalities of our Platform may be available via the Platform. This Privacy Policy governs the collection and use of data about you and your use of the Platform. (Although, we may provide additional notice and choice options within the Platform itself.)
By accessing or using our Platform, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy, which may be updated and amended from time to time. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may not access or use the Platform.
1. What information do we collect?
We collect information when you create an account and use the Platform, such as content you create, and your location. We also collect information you share with us from third-party social network providers, and technical and behavioral information about your use of the Platform.
Information you choose to provide
For certain activities, such as when you register, upload content to the Platform, or contact us directly, you may provide some or all of the following information:
Registration information, such as profile image, username, date of birth (where applicable), your current country, age, gender, email address and/or phone number, and your photograph or profile video.
User Content and Behavioural Information, such as preferences you set (such as choice of language),photographs, Snapchat Bitmoji avatar, audios and you upload or create, comments information you disclose in your user profile and livestreams you make with your Album’s permissions, camera's permissions, microphone permissions.
Information from Third Parties, such as a third-party social network account details (e.g., Facebook, Apple, Google,Snapchat) or login service and the information collected from you, and your interaction with the Platform and other third-party sites and Apps.
The camera's permissions, microphone permissions to send pictures, videos, audio messages in the app.
Your opt-in choices and communication preferences.
Payment information, such as Google or Apple payment information
Notification permission in your mobile phone.
Information as your communication/call history and contents or the contact information you send to us when you are contacting us.
Location data
,
including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. With your permission, we may also collect Global Positioning System (GPS) data.
Snapchat Integration.
You may choose to connect to us through Snapchat, and when you do, we may collect additional information from you, such as your display name and Bitmoji, through Snapchat. Please be advised that social media platforms may also collect information from you. We do not have control over the collection, use and sharing practices of social media platforms and encourage you to review their usage and disclosure policies and practices, including the data security practices, before using the social media platforms.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform, including your IP address, location-related data (as described below), unique device identifiers, browsing history (including content you have viewed in the Platform), Cookies (as defined below), your mobile carrier, time zone setting, and mobile or device information including the model of your device, screen resolution, operating system, app and file names and types, and platform.
Device information
The device you are using (such as device model, operating system version, device configuration, device identification, device network information, device environment and other characteristic information of software & hardware).
Technical Information
IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes.
Browsing and search history
We automatically collect your browsing and search history (including content you have viewed in the Platform) from you when you use the Platform.
Cookies
We and our vendors and service providers use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze which web pages you click on and how you use the Platform, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve our services, and provide you with targeted advertising on the Platform and elsewhere across your different devices. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. By using the Platform, you consent to our use of Cookies.
2. How we use your information
We use your information to fulfill and enforce our
Terms of Service
,
to improve and administer the Platform, and to allow you to use its functionalities. We may also use your information to, among other things, show you suggestions, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience.
We generally use the information we collect:
to fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback
to customize the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you liked or interacted with
to improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development
to support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and other users to connect with each other through the Platform
to help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform
to communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services
to enforce our terms, conditions, and policies
for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
to combine all the information we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes
3. How we share your information
We may share your personal data
in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of your country/region,
including without limitation:
Cloud storage providers to store the information you provide and for disaster recovery services, as well as for the performance of any contract we have entered into with you;
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization.
IT service providers that help develop, maintain, secure and optimize thePlatform;
PaymentProviders to facilitate the transactions.
Our data center and the servers of our host providers.
We may share your information with any member or affiliate of our group, which includes our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, and companies that we control, are controlled by or under common control, and our service providers and strategic business partners, and their respective subsidiaries, in each case in or outside your country, for the purposes set out above (“How We Use Your Personal Data”).
We may share your information with law enforcement agencies, public or tax authorities or other organizations if legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation, process or request (including tax and related reporting requirements);
Enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
Detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues;
Protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
If we sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. In any such cases, the third party company or business will adhere to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and where it will result in a change in any of the provisions herein, such changes will be communicated to you and you will be given the chance to consent or opt out at your discretion.
4. Third-Party Providers
You acknowledge and agree that we may process your personal information for the purpose of improving the quality of Services, conducting data and product analysis, planning promotional activities, etc., and may share your personal information to our affiliates and partners or to independent third-party vendors listed below for that purpose.
Such third-party providers may be local operating partners or technical support partners outside your country. After the cooperation terminated, they will be denied access to all of our information, including the information to which they previously had access. We promise not to provide, sell, rent, share, or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless we have your prior consent.
Besides, to provide you with social features, diversify or otherwise improve our Services, we may also provide third-party features or contents in our Services. Some of third-party services being linked to or embedded in Service (such as Social Media Platforms, third-party payment platforms, Fraud-Detection Service Provider, Anti-Crack and Anti-Cheat Service Provider, Social sharing Tools Provider, Customer Support Partner, etc.) may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other tracking technologies to collect or receive data about you according to their own Privacy Policy, and we do not control the information that these third parties collect or how they use that information. We strongly encourage you to check their own Privacy Policies on their official websites and learn more about their data processing practices. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you discover that any third party collects or processes your personal information illegally or in a manner which worries you, you are encouraged to contact us, and we will make reasonable efforts to help you. Main third-party vendors linked to our Services which may collect your Personal Information and links to their Privacy Policy are as follows (the specific list of Third-party vendors linked with each of our Service may vary):
Third-Party Services
Purpose/Function of these Third-Party Services
Data they collect
Links to their Privacy Policy
checkout
online payments
First and last name; PaymentMethod details;Card Expiration Date
https://www.checkout.com/legal/privacy-policy
stripe
online payments
CVCcode, date/time/amount of transaction,IP address/location, payment card details
https://stripe.com/zh-cn-hk/privacy
dlocal
payout service
First and last name, orderID,banking information(bank name,bankcode, bank fulladdress,bank accountnumber,account type)，phone number
https://dlocal.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Appsflyer
attribution and marketing analytics services
Technical Information, Technical Identifiers，Engagement Information
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Airwallex
payout service
First and last name, address，postcode，bank information (bank name, bank account number, bank code)
https://www.airwallex.com/terms/privacy-policy
Firebase
Statistical analysis
Device Information, Device Identifiers
https://policies.google.com/u/1/privacy
growingio
Statistical analysis
Device Information, Device Identifiers
https://www.growingio.com/privacy.html
shuzilm
Safety and risk control
Device Information, Device Identifiers
https://www.shuzilm.cn/privacy.html
5. Your Rights
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for login informationin a browser and to opt out of login information for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
If you have registered for an account you may access, review, and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your account and using available features and functionalities.
If you want to view, modify, or delete your data, please check the personal page to edit.
You also have the right to have your personal data deleted, object how we use or share your personal data, and restrict how we use or share your personal data. You can always withdraw your consent，for example by turning off notification permission information functionality in your mobile device settings if you do not wish to accept our information.
You may submit a request to access or delete the information we have collected about you by sending your request to us at the email provided in the Contact section at the bottom of this policy. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. You can exercise your rights by contacting us at feedback@soulchill.live
If you don't want to use the location function, you can turn it off on the system settings page. After turning off location function we will not be able to match the apposite playmate for you based on location information.
6. Data S
t
orage
The information we collect from you may be stored outside of the country where you live, such as the United States, Singapore. We maintain major servers around the world to bring you our services globally and continuously. And you are aware and agree that your personal data may be transferred to, stored in, and processed by affiliated companies, subcontractors and/or partners, located in third countries/outside the country where you live or work. we will take steps according to applicable laws and regulations in your country to ensure that your personal data is adequately protected within the data process location.
7. Security
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we will protect your personal data, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the Platform are no risk，this is why we need you to strictly adhere to the agreements and guidelines in documents such as our privacy policy, and we will work together to keep your personal information as secure as possible.
We have put in place appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of you and other users. We maintain these technical and organizational measures and will amend them from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems.
We will, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any information to these websites.
8. Data Retention
We retain your data for necessary to provide you with the service. However, there are occasions where we are likely to keep this data for longer in accordance with our legal obligations or where it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
After you have terminated your use of our Platform, we store your information in an aggregated and anonymised format.
9. Minor
The Platform otherwise is not directed at minors. Minors must not use the Platform for any purpose, except where their parent or guardian has provided consent. By minors, we mean users under the age of 18 years old; or in the case of a region where the minimum age for processing personal information differs, such different age. For users located in certain regions we have listed the minimum relevant age in the table below.
Region in which the user is located
Minimum age of the user
Algeria
19
Cambodia
18
Egypt
18
European Economic Area/Switzerland
16
Hong Kong
18
India
18
Indonesia
21
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
18
Kuwait
21
Macau
18
Malaysia
18
Mexico
18
Morocco
18
Myanmar
18
New Zealand
16
Nigeria
13
Philippines
18
Qatar
18
Singapore
13
South Africa
18
Sri Lanka
18
Thailand
20
Tunisia
18
Turkey
18
United Arab Emirates
21
United Kingdom
13
United States
13
Vietnam
14
We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors under these ages for any purpose. If you believe that we have personal information of a minor under these ages without parental or guardian consent, or if you are the parent or guardian of the user and wish to withdraw the consent, please submit your request at【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 and we will delete such information.
10. Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy and providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Platform to stay informed of our privacy practices. By accessing or using the Platform, you acknowledge that you have read this policy and that you understand your rights in relation to your personal data and how we will collect, use and process it. If major updates are involved, we will notify you in advance.
11. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to:
Email Address:feedback@soulchill.live
Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific
In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the services, and the rest of policy, the relevant jurisdictions’ Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific will supersede and control.
Algeria
By using the Pplatform, you give us your consent for the collection, storage, treatment and use of your personal information, and transfer of your personal information to a third party (such as local cloud providers to back up your data as described in the Privacy Policy) where it is manually and electronically treated.
B
razil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
Parental and Guardian Consent. If required by Brazilian data protection laws, if you are over the age of 16 but under the age of 18, you can only use and register for an account with the assistance of your parent or legal guardian and you declare and represent that you had such assistance to use the Services and to agree to the Policy.
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
portability of personal data to a third party;
object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
Contact: In case of doubt about your privacy, your rights or how to exercise them, please contact us at: [feedback@soulchill.live]. If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, we would like to clarify them.
DPO: If you wish to reach the Data Protection Officer, contact us at: feedback@soulchill.live
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for, at least, 6 months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
Egypt
This privacy policy is provided in Arabic for users located in Egypt. In case of dispute, the Arabic version of this privacy policy shall prevail.
If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 18 and that you have read and acknowledged Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
By clicking the button to proceed or by proceeding with the sign up process, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and consented to this privacy policy. If you do not consent to this privacy policy, you must not use the Platform.
You are acknowledging your consent to the processing, storage, and cross-border transfer of your personal data. The cross border transfer may be to any country in which we have databases or affiliates.
You also acknowledge your consent to receiving marketing messages from us.
As an Egyptian data subject, you have certain rights under the Egyptian Personal Data Protection Law.
Turkey
If you are using our services in Turkey, the following additional terms apply along with the contents of the foregoing Policy. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail.
Data Controller Representative. You may contact our data controller representative in Turkey by email or mail to handle questions and complaints in connection with the processing of your personal data if you are in Turkey.
feedback@soulchill.live
Hürriyet, Dr. Cemil Bengü Cd. NO:4 KOLEKTİF HOUSE MİNT METRO. 302 ODA/KAĞITHANE/İSTANBUL
Legal bases for the processing your personal data.
We rely on the following legal bases while processing your personal data in accordance with Article 5 of the Law No. 6698 on Protection of Personal Data:
processing is explicitly laid down or dictated by laws
processing of your personal data is necessary provided that it is directly related to the conclusion or fulfilment of the contract between us
processing is mandatory for us to be able to comply with our legal obligations
the relevant data is made available to the public by yourself
processing is mandatory for the establishment, exercise or protection of a right
processing is mandatory for our legitimate interests, provided that it does not violate your fundamental rights and freedoms
your explicit consent (Please note that we rely on this legal basis only when we require your consent for the processing and we do not rely on this legal basis if and when we rely on one of the other legal grounds above)
Your rights.
According to Article 11 of the Data Protection Law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
the right to learn whether we process your personal data,
the right to request information with regard to such processing, if we process your personal data,
the right to learn the purposes of the processing and whether they are used for such purpose or not;
the right to know the third parties within or outside the country, to whom we transfer your personal data,
the right to request correction of incomplete or inaccurate personal data,
the right to request deletion or destruction of your personal data under the conditions set forth in Article 7 of the Data Protection Law,
the right to request that we notify the third parties, to whom we transferred your personal data, about the correction, deletion and/or destruction of your personal data per your request within the scope of the foregoing two items,
the right to object to the negative results about you that are due to the analysis of your personal data processed solely by automated means,
the right to claim indemnification for damages incurred due to illegal processing of your personal data.
You may exercise your rights listed above by contact us at: feedback@soulchill.live
The requests found in your application will be resolved as soon as possible according to the nature of your request and within thirty days at the latest free of charge. However, if your request incurs additional cost to our company, then you may be charged over the tariff fee determined by the Turkish Personal Data Protection Board.
Amendments.
The following sections of the Policy do not apply to individuals in Turkey:
If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this Platform.
By accessing or using the Platform, you acknowledge that you have read this policy and that you understand your rights in relation to your personal data and how we will collect and process it.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
You consent to the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, export (to the extent permitted by applicable laws) and storage of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
Kuwait
You represent that you are at least 21 years old, or 18 years old and have obtained parental/guardian consent and, therefore, legally capable of contracting under the applicable laws and regulations in Kuwait.
By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly state that you authorise us to collect, use, store, and process your personal data and to disclose this data to third parties whether inside or outside of Kuwait, in line with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Malaysia
Parental and Guardian Consent
If you are under the age of 18, please do not use the Platform.In the event you are agreeing to this privacy policy in order for a minor to access and use the Platform, you hereby consent to the provision of personal information of the minor to be processed in accordance with this privacy policy and you personally accept and agree to be bound by the terms in this privacy policy. Further, you hereby agree to take responsibility for the actions of such minor, and that minor’s compliance with this privacy policy.
Your Rights
Right of access: You have the right to request access to and obtain a copy of your personal information that we have collected and is being processed by or on behalf of us. We reserve the right to impose a fee for providing access to your personal information in the amounts as permitted under law.
When handling a data access request, we are permitted to request for certain information to verify the identity of the requestor to ensure that he/she is the person legally entitled to make the data access request.
Right of correction: You may request for the correction of your personal information. When handling a data correction request, we are permitted to request for certain information to verify the identity of the requestor to ensure that he/she is the person legally entitled to make the data correction request.
Right to limit processing of your personal information: You may request to limit the processing of your personal information by using the contact details provided above. However this may affect our provision of the Game Services to you.
Contact
To protect your personal information and handle complaints relating to your personal information, we have appointed the following department responsible for managing and protecting your personal information.
You can connect with us
via【feedback@soulchill.live】
Thailand
By accepting this privacy policy, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you must not use the Platform.
You may request us to discontinue, to restrict the use or provision of, and/or to request for data portability of any and all of your personal information which is stored by us, to the extent provided by the Act on the applicable data privacy laws and regulations in Thailand, including the Thai Personal Data Protection Act. When you wish to make such requests, please contact us at
【feedback@soulchill.live】
.
We will give you notice of any material changes to this privacy policy, and give you an opportunity to reject such changes, failing which the changes will become effective as stated in the notice.
United Arab Emirates
If you are using the Platform in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
How we share your personal data
In addition to the main text of this policy, by using the Platform in the UAE you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to our sharing of your personal data in line with the main text of this Privacy Policy.
Governing law
By using our Platform in the UAE, this Privacy Policy will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the UAE.
V
itenam
This privacy policy is provided in Vietnamese for users located in Virenam. In case of dispute, this version of this privacy policy shall prevail.
For children under the age of 14 who creating an account and using our Platform requires the permisssion and supervision of parent or legal guardian. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 14, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 14 and that you have read and acknowledged Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
سياسة الخصوصية
آخر
تحديث: 3-1-2023
وفقاَ لقوانين حماية البيانات،
نحن لا نجمع معلومات شخصية من القاصرين عن قصد لأي غرض من الأغراض. إذا كنت تعتقد أننا جمعنا مثل هذه المعلومات الخاصة بقاصر دون موافقة الوالدين أو الوصي، أو إذا كنت أحد الوالدين أو الوصي على المستخدم وترغب في سحب الموافقة، فيرجى إرسال طلبك على【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 وسنقوم بحذف هذه المعلومات
مرحباً بك في SoulChill (ال"منصة"). يتم توفير هذه المنصة والتحكم بها من قبل SpaceCape Techonology Pte.  Ltd. ("SoulChill"، أو "نحن"). نحن ملتزمون بحماية خصوصيتك واحترامها. تشرح هذه السياسة ممارساتنا المتعلقة بالبيانات الشخصية التي نجمعها منك أو التي تقدمها لنا. إذا كنت لا توافق على هذه السياسة، فلا يجوز لك استخدام المنصة.
يرجى قراءة سياسة الخصوصية هذه بعناية لفهم كيفية تعاملنا مع معلوماتك قبل البدء في استخدام خدمتنا أو التواصل معنا خارج المنصة، قد تتوفر بعض ميزات أو وظائف منصتنا عبر المنصة. تحكم سياسة الخصوصية هذه جمع واستخدام البيانات المتعلقة بك وباستخدامك للمنصة. (لكننا قد نقدم إشعاراَ إضافياَ وخيارات مختارة داخل المنصة نفسها.)
بالوصول إلى أو استخدام منصتنا، فإنك تقبل وتوافق على الممارسات الموضحة في سياسة الخصوصية هذه، والتي قد يتم تحديثها وتعديلها من وقت الى آخر. إذا كنت لا توافق على شروط سياسة الخصوصية هذه، فلا يجوز لك الوصول إلى أو استخدام المنصة.
1. ما هي المعلومات التي نجمعها؟
نجمع المعلومات عندما تنشئ حساباَ وتستخدم المنصة، كالمحتوى الذي تنشئه وموقعك الجغرافي. نقوم أيضاَ بجمع المعلومات التي تشاركها معنا من موفري الشبكات الاجتماعية التابعين لأطراف ثالثة، والمعلومات التقنية والسلوكية حول استخدامك للمنصة.
المعلومات التي تختار تقديمها
بالنسبة لبعض الأنشطة، مثل عند التسجيل أو تحميل المحتوى الى المنصة أو الاتصال بنا مباشرة، يمكنك تقديم بعض أو كل المعلومات التالية:
معلومات التسجيل، كصورة الملف الشخصي واسم المستخدم وتاريخ الميلاد (عند الاقتضاء) وبلدك الحالي وعمرك وجنسك وعنوان بريدك الإلكتروني و/أو رقم هاتفك وصورتك أو فيديو ملفك الشخصي.
محتوى المستخدم والمعلومات السلوكية، كالتفضيلات التي تحددها (كاختيار اللغة)، والصور الفوتوغرافية، وآفاتار Snapchat Bitmoji، والتسجيلات الصوتية التي تحملها أو تنشئها، والتعليقات والمعلومات التي تكشف عنها في ملف تعريف المستخدم الخاص بك وعمليات البث المباشر التي تقوم بها، باستخدام أذونات الألبوم وأذونات الكاميرا وأذونات الميكروفون.
معلومات من أطراف ثالثة، كتفاصيل حساب شبكة اجتماعية لطرف ثالث (مثل Facebook و Apple و Google و Snapchat) أو خدمة تسجيل الدخول والمعلومات التي تم جمعها منك ومن تفاعلك مع المنصة ومواقع وتطبيقات الأطراف الثالثة الأخرى.
أذونات الكاميرا وأذونات الميكروفون لإرسال الصور ومقاطع الفيديو والرسائل الصوتية في التطبيق.
اختيارات الاشتراك وتفضيلات التواصل الخاصة بك.
معلومات الدفع، كمعلومات الدفع الخاصة بـ Google أو Apple
إذن الإشعار في هاتفك المحمول.
المعلومات مثل تاريخ التواصل/المكالمات والمحتويات أو معلومات التواصل التي ترسلها لنا عندما تتواصل معنا.
بيانات الموقع
، بما في ذلك معلومات الموقع بناءً على بطاقة SIM و/أو عنوان IP. بعد إذن منك، قد نقوم أيضاَ بجمع بيانات نظام تحديد المواقع العالمي (GPS).
تكامل
Snapchat
.
يمكنك اختيار الاتصال بنا من خلال Snapchat، وعندما تفعل ذلك، قد نجمع معلومات إضافية منك، مثل اسم العرض و Bitmoji الخاص بك، من خلال Snapchat. يرجى العلم بأن منصات وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي قد تقوم بجمع معلومات منك أيضاَ. نحن لا نتحكم بممارسات جمع واستخدام ومشاركة منصات التواصل الاجتماعي ونشجعك على مراجعة سياسات وممارسات الاستخدام والإفصاح الخاصة بهم، بما في ذلك ممارسات أمان البيانات، قبل استخدام منصات التواصل الاجتماعي.
المعلومات التي نجمعها تلقائياَ
نقوم بجمع معلومات معينة منك تلقائياَ عند استخدامك للمنصة، بما في ذلك عنوان IP الخاص بك، والبيانات المتعلقة بالموقع (كما هو موضح أدناه)، ومعرفات الجهاز الفريدة، وسجل التصفح (بما في ذلك المحتوى الذي شاهدته في المنصة)، وملفات تعريف الارتباط (الكوكيز) (على النحو المحدد أدناه)، ومشغل شبكة الهاتف المحمول، وإعداد المنطقة الزمنية، ومعلومات الهاتف المحمول أو الجهاز بما في ذلك طراز جهازك ودقة الشاشة ونظام التشغيل وأسماء وأنواع ومنصات التطبيقات والملفات.
معلومات الجهاز
الجهاز الذي تستخدمه (كطراز الجهاز وإصدار نظام التشغيل وتشكيل الجهاز وتعريف الجهاز ومعلومات شبكة الجهاز وبيئة الجهاز والمعلومات الأخرى المميزة للبرامج والأجهزة).
المعلومات التقنية
عنوان IP ووكيل المستخدم ومشغل شبكة الهاتف المحمول وإعدادات المنطقة الزمنية والمعرفات لأغراض الدعاية.
سجل التصفح والبحث
نقوم بجمع سجل التصفح والبحث (بما في ذلك المحتوى الذي شاهدته في المنصة) منك تلقائياَ عند استخدامك للمنصة.
ملفات تعريف الارتباط (الكوكيز)
نستخدم نحن وموردونا ومقدمو الخدمات ملفات تعريف الارتباط والتقنيات المشابهة الأخرى (مثل إشارات الويب وملفات تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بفلاش وما إلى ذلك) ("كوكيز") لجمع المعلومات تلقائياَ وقياس وتحليل صفحات الويب التي تنقر عليها وكيفية استخدامك للمنصة، وتحسين خدماتنا، وتزويدك بالإعلانات المستهدفة على المنصة وفي أي مكان آخر عبر أجهزتك المختلفة. ملفات تعريف الارتباط هي ملفات صغيرة، عند وضعها على جهازك، تمكّن المنصة من توفير ميزات ووظائف معينة. إشارات الويب عبارة عن صور صغيرة جداَ أو أجزاء صغيرة من البيانات المضمنة في الصور، والمعروفة أيضاَ باسم "علامات البكسل" أو "ملفات GIF الشفافة"، والتي يمكنها التعرف على ملفات تعريف الارتباط، ووقت وتاريخ عرض الصفحة، ووصف للصفحة التي تحتوي علامة البكسل، ومعلومات مشابهة من جهاز الكمبيوتر أو جهازك الخاص. باستخدامك للمنصة، فإنك توافق على استخدامنا لملفات تعريف الارتباط (الكوكيز).
2. كيف نستخدم معلوماتك
نستخدم معلوماتك لأداء وإنفاذ
شروط الخدمة
الخاصة بنا، ولتحسين وإدارة المنصة، وللسماح لك باستخدام وظائفها. قد نستخدم معلوماتك أيضاَ، من بين أمور أخرى، لعرض اقتراحات لك والترويج للمنصة وتخصيص تجربتك الإعلانية.
نستخدم المعلومات التي نجمعها بشكل عام:
لتلبية طلبات المنتجات والخدمات ووظائف المنصة والدعم والمعلومات للعمليات الداخلية، بما في ذلك استكشاف الأخطاء وإصلاحها وتحليل البيانات والاختبار والبحث والأغراض الإحصائية والاستقصائية والتماس ملاحظاتك
لتخصيص المحتوى الذي تراه عند استخدام المنصة. على سبيل المثال، قد نوفر لك خدمات بناءً على إعدادات الدولة التي اخترتها أو نعرض لك محتوى مشابهاَ للمحتوى الذي أعجبك أو تفاعلت معه
لتحسين منصتنا وتطويرها والقيام بتطوير المنتجات
لدعم وظائف المنصة الاجتماعية، بما في ذلك السماح لك وللمستخدمين الآخرين بالتواصل مع بعضهم البعض من خلال المنصة
لمساعدتنا في اكتشاف إساءة الاستخدام والاحتيال والنشاط غير القانوني على المنصة
للتواصل معك، بما في ذلك إخطارك بالتغييرات في خدماتنا
لإنفاذ الشروط والأحكام والسياسات الخاصة بنا
لأي أغراض أخرى يتم الكشف عنها لك في حين جمع معلوماتك أو بناءً على موافقتك.
لدمج جميع المعلومات التي نجمعها أو نتلقاها عنك لأي من الأغراض المذكورة أعلاه
3. كيف نشارك معلوماتك
يجوز لنا مشاركة بياناتك الشخصية وفقاَ للقوانين واللوائح المعنية في بلدك/منطقتك، بما في ذلك على سبيل المثال لا الحصر:
مزودو التخزين السحابي لتخزين المعلومات التي تقدمها وخدمات التعافي من الكوارث، وكذلك لأداء أي عقد أبرمناه معك؛
مزودو التحليلات ومحركات البحث الذين يساعدوننا في التحسين والاستمثال.
مزودو خدمات تكنولوجيا المعلومات الذين يساعدون في تطوير وصيانة وتأمين واستمثال المنصة؛
مزودو الدفع لتسهيل المعاملات.
مركز البيانات لدينا وخوادم مزودي خدمات الاستضافة لدينا.
يجوز لنا مشاركة معلوماتك مع أي عضو أو شركة تابعة الى مجموعتنا، والتي تشمل شركاتنا الفرعية، وشركتنا القابضة النهائية وشركاتها الفرعية، والشركات التي نتحكم فيها أو التي تتحكم بنا أو تحت تحكم مشترك، ومقدمي الخدمات وشركاء الأعمال الاستراتيجيين لدينا، وشركاتهم الفرعية، في كل حالة داخل أو خارج بلدك، للأغراض المبينة أعلاه ("كيف نستخدم بياناتك الشخصية").
يجوز لنا مشاركة معلوماتك مع وكالات إنفاذ القانون أو السلطات العامة أو سلطات الضرائب أو منظمات أخرى إذا كان وجب علينا القيام بذلك قانونياَ، أو إذا كان لدينا اعتقاد حسن النية أن هذا الاستخدام ضروري بشكل معقول من أجل:
الامتثال لالتزام أو عملية أو طلب قانوني (بما في ذلك الضرائب ومتطلبات إعداد التقارير ذات الصلة)؛
إنفاذ شروط الخدمة والاتفاقيات والسياسات والمعايير الأخرى الخاصة بنا، بما في ذلك التحقيق في أي انتهاك محتمل لها؛
كشف أو منع أو معالجة المشاكل الأمنية أو الاحتيال أو المشاكل التقنية؛
حماية حقوق أو ممتلكات أو سلامتنا أو مستخدمينا أو طرف ثالث أو الجمهور كما يقتضي أو يسمح القانون (بما في ذلك تبادل المعلومات مع الشركات والمؤسسات الأخرى لأغراض الحماية من الاحتيال والحد من مخاطر الائتمان).
ويجوز لنا أيضاَ كشف معلوماتك لأطراف الثالثة:
في حالة بيع أو شراء أي أعمال أو أصول، في هذه الحالة يجوز لنا الكشف عن بياناتك للبائع أو المشتري المحتمل لهذه الأعمال أو الأصول؛ أو
إذا قمنا ببيع أو شراء أو دمج أو شراكة مع شركات أو مشاريع أخرى، أو بيع بعض أو كل أصولنا. في مثل هذه المعاملات، قد تكون معلومات المستخدمين من بين الأصول المنقولة. في مثل هذه الحالات، ستلتزم الشركة أو المشروع التابع لطرف ثالث بأحكام سياسة الخصوصية هذه، وإذا كان سينتج عن ذلك تغيير في أي من الأحكام الواردة هنا، فسيتم إبلاغك بهذه التغييرات وتتاح لك الفرصة الموافقة أو الانسحاب حسب تقديرك.
4. مزودو الخدمات من الأطراف الثالثة
أنت تقر وتوافق على أنه يجوز لنا معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية لغرض تحسين جودة الخدمات، وإجراء تحليل للبيانات والمنتجات، والتخطيط للأنشطة الترويجية، وما إلى ذلك، ويجوز لنا أن نشارك معلوماتك الشخصية مع الشركات التابعة لنا وشركائنا أو البائعين الخارجيين المستقلين المدرجين أدناه لهذا الغرض.
قد يكون مزودو الطرف الثالث هؤلاء شركاء تشغيل محليين أو شركاء دعم تقني خارج بلدك. بعد إنهاء التعاون، سيتم حرمانهم من الوصول إلى جميع معلوماتنا، بما في ذلك المعلومات التي تمكنوا من الوصول إليها سابقاَ. نتعهد بعدم تقديم معلوماتك الشخصية أو بيعها أو تأجيرها أو مشاركتها أو تداولها مع أي طرف ثالث غير ذو صلة، ما لم نحصل على موافقتك المسبقة.
بالإضافة الى ذلك، لتزويدك بميزات اجتماعية، أو تنويع خدماتنا أو تحسينها بطريقة أخرى، قد نوفر أيضاَ ميزات أو محتويات تابعة لأطراف ثالثة في خدماتنا. قد تستخدم بعض خدمات الأطراف الثالثة التي يتم ربطها أو تضمينها في الخدمة (مثل منصات التواصل الاجتماعي، ومنصات الدفع التابعة لأطراف ثالثة، ومزود خدمة كشف الاحتيال، ومزود خدمة مكافحة كسر الحماية ومكافحة الغش، وموفر أدوات المشاركة الاجتماعية، وشريك دعم العملاء، وما إلى ذلك) ملفات تعريف الارتباط و/أو إشارات الويب و/أو تقنيات تتبع أخرى لجمع أو تلقي بيانات عنك وفقاَ لسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بهم، ونحن لا نتحكم في المعلومات التي تجمعها هذه الأطراف الثالثة أو كيفية استخدامهم لتلك المعلومات. نحن نحثك بشدة على التحقق من سياسات الخصوصية الخاصة بهم على مواقعهم الرسمية ومعرفة المزيد حول ممارسات معالجة البيانات الخاصة بهم. بالرغم من المذكور أعلاه، إذا اكتشفت أن أي طرف ثالث يقوم بجمع أو معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية بشكل غير قانوني أو بطريقة تثير قلقك، فنحن نحثك على الاتصال بنا وسنبذل جهوداَ معقولة لمساعدتك. البائعون الرئيسيون من الأطراف الثالثة المرتبطون بخدماتنا والذين قد يجمعون معلوماتك الشخصية وروابط لسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بهم هم كما يلي (قد تختلف القائمة المحددة للبائعي التابعين لطرف ثالث المرتبطين بكل خدمة من خدماتنا):
خدمات الأطراف الثالثة
الغرض/وظيفة خدمات الأطراف الثالثة هذه
البيانات التي يجمعونها
روابط سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بهم
checkout
الدفع عبر الإنترنت
الاسم الأول والاسم الأخير؛ تفاصيل طريقة الدفع؛ تاريخ انتهاء صلاحية البطاقة
https://www.checkout.com/legal/privacy-policy
stripe
الدفع عبر الإنترنت
رمز CVC، تاريخ/وقت/مبلغ المعاملة، عنوان IP/الموقع الجغرافي، تفاصيل بطاقة الدفع
https://stripe.com/zh-cn-hk/privacy
dlocal
خدمة سحب الأموال
الاسم الأول والأخير، معرف الطلب، المعلومات المصرفية (اسم البنك، رمز البنك، العنوان الكامل للبنك، رقم الحساب المصرفي، نوع الحساب)، رقم الهاتف
https://dlocal.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Appsflyer
خدمات الإسناد وتحليلات التسويق
المعلومات التقنية، المعرفات التقنية، معلومات المشاركة
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Airwallex
خدمة سحب الأموال
الاسم الأول والأخير، العنوان، الرمز البريدي، معلومات البنك (اسم البنك، رقم الحساب المصرفي، رمز البنك)
https://www.airwallex.com/terms/privacy-policy
Firebase
التحليل الإحصائي
معلومات الجهاز, معرفات الجهاز
https://policies.google.com/u/1/privacy
growingio
التحليل الإحصائي
معلومات الجهاز, معرفات الجهاز
https://www.growingio.com/privacy.html
shuzilm
مراقبة السلامة والمخاطر
معلومات الجهاز, معرفات الجهاز
https://www.shuzilm.cn/privacy.html
5. حقوقك
قد تتمكن من رفض ملفات تعريف الارتباط أو تعطيلها من خلال ضبط إعدادات متصفحك. نظراَ لاختلاف كل متصفح، يرجى الرجوع إلى الإرشادات التي يوفرها متصفحك. يرجى ملاحظة أنك قد تحتاج إلى اتخاذ خطوات إضافية لرفض أو تعطيل أنواع معينة من ملفات تعريف الارتباط. كمثال، نظراَ للاختلافات في كيفية عمل المتصفحات وتطبيقات الهواتف المحمولة، فقد تحتاج إلى اتخاذ خطوات مختلفة لإلغاء الاشتراك في ملفات تعريف الارتباط المستخدمة لمعلومات تسجيل الدخول في المتصفح ولإلغاء الاشتراك في معلومات تسجيل الدخول لتطبيق الهاتف المحمول، والذي يمكنك التحكم به من خلال إعدادات جهازك أو أذونات تطبيقات الهاتف المحمول. بالإضافة إلى ذلك، يكون اختيار إلغاء الاشتراك خاصاَ بالمتصفح أو الجهاز المعين الذي تستخدمه عند إلغاء الاشتراك، لذلك قد تحتاج إلى إلغاء الاشتراك بشكل منفصل لكل متصفح أو جهاز. إذا اخترت رفض أو تعطيل أو حذف ملفات تعريف الارتباط، فقد تكون بعض وظائف النظام الأساسي غير متاحة لك.
إذا قمت بالتسجيل للحصول على حساب، فيمكنك الوصول إلى بعض المعلومات الشخصية التي قدمتها لنا ومراجعتها وتحديثها عن طريق تسجيل الدخول إلى حسابك واستخدام الميزات والوظائف المتاحة.
إذا أردت عرض أو تغيير أو حذف بياناتك، فيرجى مراجعة الصفحة الشخصية لتعديلها.
لديك أيضاَ الحق في حذف بياناتك الشخصية، والاعتراض على كيفية استخدامنا لها أو مشاركتها، وتقييد كيفية استخدامنا لها أو مشاركتها. يمكنك دائماَ سحب موافقتك، على سبيل المثال عن طريق إيقاف تشغيل وظيفة إذن الإشعار بالمعلومات في إعدادات جهازك المحمول إذا كنت لا ترغب في قبول معلوماتنا.
يمكنك إرسال طلب للوصول إلى المعلومات التي جمعناها عنك أو حذفها عن طريق إرسال طلبك إلينا على البريد الإلكتروني المقدم في قسم التواصل في الجزء السفلي من هذه السياسة. سنرد على طلبك بما يتوافق مع القانون المطبق ويخضع للتحقق المناسب. يمكنك ممارسة حقوقك من خلال التواصل معنا على
feedback@soulchill.live
إذا كنت لا تريد استخدام وظيفة الموقع، فيمكنك إيقافها في صفحة إعدادات النظام. بعد إيقاف وظيفة الموقع، لن نتمكن من مطابقة زميل اللعب المناسب لك بناءً على معلومات الموقع.
6. تخزين البيانات
قد يتم تخزين المعلومات التي نجمعها منك خارج البلد الذي تعيش فيه، كالولايات المتحدة وسنغافورة. نحتفظ بخوادم رئيسية في جميع أنحاء العالم لنقدم لك خدماتنا عالمياَ وباستمرار. وأنت تدرك وتوافق على أنه يجوز نقل بياناتك الشخصية وتخزينها ومعالجتها من قبل الشركات التابعة و/أو المقاولين من الباطن و/أو الشركاء الموجودين في بلدان ثالثة/خارج البلد الذي تعيش أو تعمل فيه. سنتخذ خطوات وفقاَ للقوانين واللوائح المطبقة في بلدك لضمان حماية بياناتك الشخصية بشكل كافٍ داخل موقع معالجة البيانات.
7. الأمان
نستخدم تدابير معقولة للمساعدة في حماية المعلومات من الضياع والسرقة وإساءة الاستعمال والوصول غير المصرح به والكشف والتغيير والتدمير. ينبغي عليك أن تفهم أنه لا يمكن ضمان أمن أي نظام لتخزين البيانات أو نقل البيانات عبر الإنترنت أو أي شبكة عامة أخرى بنسبة 100%. على الرغم من أننا سنحمي بياناتك الشخصية، على سبيل المثال، عن طريق التشفير، لا يمكننا ضمان أن أمان معلوماتك المنقولة عبر المنصة ليست مخاطرة، ولهذا السبب نحتاج منك التقيد الصارم بالاتفاقيات والإرشادات الواردة في المستندات كسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا، وسنعمل معاَ للحفاظ على أمان معلوماتك الشخصية قدر الإمكان.
لقد وضعنا تدابير تقنية وتنظيمية مناسبة لضمان مستوى أمان مناسب لمخاطر متباينة الاحتمالية والشدة فيما يتعلق بحقوق وحرياتك والمستخدمين الآخرين. نحافظ على هذه التدابير الفنية والتنظيمية وسنقوم بتعديلها من وقت الى آخر لتعزيز الأمان العام لأنظمتنا.
سنقوم، من وقت الى آخر، بتضمين روابط من وإلى مواقع شبكات شركائنا والمعلنين والشركات التابعة لنا. إذا اتبعت رابطاَ لأي من هذه المواقع، فيرجى ملاحظة أن هذه المواقع لها سياسات خصوصية خاصة بها وأننا لا نتحمل أي مسؤولية أو التزام تجاه هذه السياسات. يرجى التحقق من هذه السياسات قبل تقديم أي معلومات إلى هذه المواقع.
8. الاحتفاظ بالبيانات
نحتفظ ببياناتك طالما كان ذلك ضرورياَ لتزويدك بالخدمة. ولكن، هناك حالات من المحتمل أن نحتفظ فيها بهذه البيانات لفترة أطول وفقاَ لالتزاماتنا القانونية أو عندما يكون ذلك ضرورياَ لإنشاء الدعاوى القانونية أو ممارستها أو الدفاع عنها.
بعد إنهاء استخدامك لمنصتنا، نقوم بتخزين معلوماتك بشكل مجمع ومجهول المصدر.
9. القاصر
المنصة غير موجهة للقاصرين بأي شكل. يجب ألا يستخدم القاصرون المنصة لأي غرض، باستثناء ما إذا كان أحد الوالدين أو الوصي قد قدم الموافقة على ذلك. نعني بالقاصرين المستخدمين الذين تقل أعمارهم عن 18 عاماَ؛ أو في حالة منطقة يختلف فيها الحد الأدنى لسن معالجة المعلومات الشخصية، هذا العمر المختلف. بالنسبة للمستخدمين الموجودين في مناطق معينة، قمنا بإدراج الحد الأدنى للعمر ذي الصلة في الجدول أدناه.
المنطقة التي يقع فيها المستخدم
الحد الأدنى لعمر المستخدم
الجزائر
19
كمبوديا
18
مصر
18
المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية/سويسرا
16
هونغ كونغ
18
الهند
18
إندونيسيا
21
المملكة العربية السعودية
18
الكويت
21
ماكاو
18
ماليزيا
18
المكسيك
18
المغرب
18
ميانمار
18
نيوزيلندا
16
نيجيريا
13
الفلبين
18
قطر
18
سنغافورة
13
جنوب أفريقيا
18
سريلانكا
18
تايلاند
20
تونس
18
تركيا
18
الإمارات العربية المتحدة
21
المملكة المتحدة
13
الولايات المتحدة
13
فيتنام
14
نحن لا نجمع معلومات شخصية من القاصرين تحت هذه الأعمار عن قصد لأي غرض من الأغراض. إذا كنت تعتقد أن لدينا معلومات شخصية عن قاصر دون هذه الأعمار بلا موافقة الوالدين أو الوصي، أو إذا كنت أحد الوالدين أو الوصي على المستخدم وترغب في سحب الموافقة، فيرجى إرسال طلبك على【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 وسنقوم بحذف هذه المعلومات.
10. التغييرات
قد نقوم بتحديث سياسة الخصوصية هذه من وقت الى آخر. عندما نحدث سياسة الخصوصية، سنخطرك بتحديث تاريخ "آخر تحديث" في الجزء العلوي من هذه السياسة ونشر سياسة الخصوصية الجديدة وتقديم أي إشعار آخر يتطلبه القانون المطبق. نوصيك بمراجعة سياسة الخصوصية في كل مرة تزور فيها المنصة للبقاء على اطلاع بممارسات الخصوصية الخاصة بنا. بالوصول إلى أو استخدام المنصة، فإنك تقر بأنك قد قرأت هذه السياسة وأنك تفهم حقوقك فيما يتعلق ببياناتك الشخصية وكيف سنقوم بجمعها واستخدامها ومعالجتها. إذا كانت هناك تحديثات رئيسية معنية، فسنخطرك مقدماَ.
11. التواصل
يجب توجيه الأسئلة والتعليقات والطلبات المتعلقة بهذه السياسة إلى:
عنوان البريد الإلكتروني: feedback@soulchill.live
الشروط التكميلية - للولاية القضائية المحددة
في حالة وجود تعارض بين أحكام الشروط التكميلية - للولاية القضائية المحددة ذات الصلة بالولاية القضائية التي تصل إلى أو تستخدم الخدمات منها، وبقية السياسة، يُعمل بالشروط التكميلية - للولاية القضائية المحددة المعنية ويُحتكم إليها.
الجزائر
باستخدام المنصة، فإنك تمنحنا موافقتك على جمع معلوماتك الشخصية وتخزينها ومعالجتها واستخدامها، ونقل معلوماتك الشخصية إلى طرف ثالث (مثل موفري التخزين السحابي المحليين لنسخ بياناتك احتياطياَ كما هو موضح في سياسة الخصوصية) حيث يتم معالجتها يدوياَ وإلكترونياَ.
البرازيل
إذا كنت تستخدم المنصة في البرازيل، فستطبق الشروط الإضافية التالية. في حالة نشوء أي تعارض بين سياسة الخصوصية الرئيسية والشروط الإضافية، تسود الشروط التالية:
موافقة الوالدين والوصي. إذا كان ذلك واجباَ حسب قوانين حماية البيانات البرازيلية، إذا كان عمرك يزيد عن 16 عاماَ ولكنه أقل من 18 عاماَ، فلا يمكنك استخدام وتسجيل حساب إلا بمساعدة والديك أو الوصي القانوني عليك وتعلن وتقر بأنك حصلت على هذه المساعدة لاستخدام الخدمات والموافقة على السياسة.
ممارسة حقوق حماية البيانات. يوفر القانون البرازيلي حقوقاَ معينة للأفراد فيما يتعلق ببياناتهم الشخصية. وبالتالي، نسعى إلى ضمان الشفافية وضوابط الوصول للسماح للمستخدمين بالاستفادة من الحقوق المذكورة.
سنستجيب و/أو نلبي طلباتك لممارسة حقوقك أدناه، وفقاَ للقانون المطبق وعند الاقتضاء، لقانون حماية البيانات العام البرازيلي - LGPD:
أ. تأكيد ما إذا كانت بياناتك قيد المعالجة؛
ب. الوصول إلى بياناتك؛
ج. تصحيح البيانات الناقصة أو غير الدقيقة أو القديمة؛
د. إخفاء هوية أو حجب أو محو البيانات؛
ه. قابلية نقل البيانات الشخصية إلى طرف ثالث؛
و. الاعتراض على معالجة البيانات الشخصية؛
ز. معلومات الكيانات العامة والخاصة التي شاركنا البيانات معها؛
ح. معلومات حول إمكانية رفض تقديم البيانات الشخصية والعواقب المترتبة، عند الاقتضاء؛
ط. سحب موافقتك.
التحقق من هويتك: من أجل سلامتك والسماح لنا بالتأكد من أننا لن نكشف عن أي من بياناتك الشخصية لأطراف ثالثة غير مصرح لها، من أجل التحقق من هويتك وضمان الممارسة المناسبة لحقوقك، قد نطلب منك معلومات و/أو مستندات محددة قبل أن نتمكن من الرد بشكل صحيح على الطلب المستلم بخصوص بياناتك. ستستخدم جميع البيانات والمستندات الواردة منك خلال عملية الرد على طلباتك للأغراض الصارمة المتمثلة في تحليل طلبك، والتحقق من هويتك، وأخيراَ الرد على طلبك.
القيود على حقوقك: قد تكون لدينا أسباب مشروعة لعدم الامتثال لبعض طلباتك في حالات معينة. على سبيل المثال، قد نختار عدم الكشف عن معلومات معينة لك عندما يكون ممكناَ أن يؤثر الكشف سلباَ على عملنا عندما يكون هناك خطر بانتهاك الأسرار التجارية أو حقوق الملكية الفكرية الخاصة بنا. بالإضافة إلى ذلك، يجوز لنا الامتناع عن الامتثال لطلب الحذف عندما يكون الحفاظ على بياناتك مطلوباَ للامتثال لالتزامات قانونية أو تنظيمية أو عندما تكون هذه الصيانة لازمة لحماية حقوقنا ومصالحنا في حالة نشوء نزاع. عندما يكون هذا هو الحال ولم نتمكن من الامتثال لطلب تقدمه، فسنخبرك بأسباب عدم تمكننا من تلبية طلبك.
التواصل: في حالة الشك بشأن خصوصيتك أو حقوقك أو كيفية ممارستها، يرجى التواصل معنا على: [feedback@soulchill.live]. إذا كانت لديك أي أسئلة حول معالجة بياناتك الشخصية، فنحن نود أن نوضحها.
DPO: إذا أردت الوصول إلى مسؤول حماية البيانات، فتواصل معنا على: feedback@soulchill.live
سجلات الوصول. نحتفظ بسجلات الوصول إلى التطبيقات الخاصة بك، بسرية، في بيئة آمنة وخاضعة للرقابة، لمدة 6 أشهر على الأقل، من أجل الامتثال للالتزامات القانونية.
مصر
يتم توفير سياسة الخصوصية هذه باللغة العربية للمستخدمين الموجودين في مصر. في حالة النزاع، تسود النسخة العربية لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
إذا كان عمرك أقل من 18 عاماَ، فيرجى مطالبة أحد والديك أو الوصي القانوني بقراءة هذا معك. إذا كنت تراجع هذه الشروط بصفتك الوالد/الوصي القانوني لمستخدم يقل عمره عن 18 عاماَ، فإنك تقر بموجبه أن هذا المستخدم يتجاوز سن 18 وأنك قد قرأت وأقرت سياسة الخصوصية وشروط الاستخدام وتوافق على استخدام طفلك للمنصة والتسجيل لحساب.
بالنقر فوق زر المتابعة أو من خلال متابعة عملية التسجيل، فإنك تقر بأنك قد قرأت وفهمت سياسة الخصوصية هذه ووافقت عليها. إذا كنت لا توافق على سياسة الخصوصية هذه، فيجب عليك عدم استخدام المنصة.
أنت تقر بموافقتك على معالجة وتخزين بياناتك الشخصية ونقلها عبر الحدود. يجوز أن يكون النقل عبر الحدود إلى أي دولة لدينا فيها قواعد بيانات أو شركات تابعة.
أنت تقر أيضاَ بموافقتك على تلقي رسائل تسويقية منا.
بصفتك صاحب بيانات مصري، لديك حقوق معينة بموجب قانون حماية البيانات الشخصية المصري.
تركيا
إذا كنت تستخدم خدماتنا في تركيا، فستطبق الشروط الإضافية التالية مع محتويات السياسة مذكورة أعلاه. في حالة وجود أي تعارض بين الشروط الإضافية التالية وأحكام الجزء الرئيسي من هذه السياسة، تسود الشروط التالية.
ممثل مراقب البيانات. يمكنك الاتصال بممثل مراقب البيانات لدينا في تركيا عن طريق البريد الإلكتروني أو البريد للتعامل مع الأسئلة والشكاوى المتعلقة بمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية إذا كنت في تركيا.
feedback@soulchill.live
Hürriyet, Dr. Cemil Bengü Cd. NO:4 KOLEKTİF HOUSE MİNT METRO. 302 ODA/KAĞITHANE/İSTANBUL
الأسس القانونية لمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية.
نعتمد على الأسس القانونية التالية أثناء معالجة بياناتك الشخصية وفقاَ للمادة 5 من القانون رقم 6698 بشأن حماية البيانات الشخصية:
المعالجة منصوص عليها صراحة أو تمليها القوانين
تعتبر معالجة بياناتك الشخصية ضرورية بشرط أن تكون مرتبطة بشكل مباشر بإبرام أو تنفيذ العقد المبرم بيننا
المعالجة إلزامية لنا حتى نتمكن من الامتثال لالتزاماتنا القانونية
البيانات المعنية متاحة للجمهور من قبلك
المعالجة إلزامية لإنشاء أو ممارسة أو حماية حق
المعالجة إلزامية لمصالحنا المشروعة، بشرط ألا تنتهك حقوقك وحرياتك الأساسية
موافقتك الصريحة (يرجى ملاحظة أننا نعتمد على هذا الأساس القانوني عندما نطلب موافقتك على المعالجة فقط ولا نعتمد على هذا الأساس القانوني إذا وعندما نعتمد على أحد الأسس القانونية الأخرى أعلاه)
حقوقك.
وفقاَ للمادة 11 من قانون حماية البيانات، تتمتع بالحقوق التالية فيما يتعلق ببياناتك الشخصية:
الحق في معرفة ما إذا كنا نعالج بياناتك الشخصية،
الحق في طلب المعلومات فيما يتعلق بهذه المعالجة، إذا كنا نعالج بياناتك الشخصية،
الحق في معرفة أغراض المعالجة وما إذا كانت تستخدم لهذا الغرض أم لا؛
الحق في معرفة الأطراف الثالثة داخل الدولة أو خارجها، والتي ننقل إليها بياناتك الشخصية،
الحق في طلب تصحيح البيانات الشخصية الناقصة أو غير الدقيقة،
الحق في طلب حذف أو إتلاف بياناتك الشخصية بموجب الشروط المنصوص عليها في المادة 7 من قانون حماية البيانات،
الحق في طلب إخطارنا للأطراف الثالثة، التي نقلنا إليها بياناتك الشخصية، بتصحيح و/أو حذف و/أو إتلاف بياناتك الشخصية بناءً على طلبك ضمن نطاق البندين المذكورين أعلاه،
الحق في الاعتراض على النتائج السلبية عنك الناتجة عن تحليل بياناتك الشخصية المعالجة بوسائل آلية فقط،
الحق في المطالبة بالتعويض عن الأضرار التي تكبدتها بسبب المعالجة غير القانونية لبياناتك الشخصية.
يمكنك ممارسة حقوقك المدرجة أعلاه من خلال التواصل معنا على: feedback@soulchill.live
سيتم حل الطلبات الموجودة في التماسك في أقرب وقت ممكن وفقاَ لطبيعة طلبك وفي غضون ثلاثين يوماَ على أقصى تقدير بلا عمولة. لكن، إذا كان طلبك ينطوي على تكلفة إضافية لشركتنا، فقد يتم محاسبتك على رسوم التعريفة التي يحددها مجلس حماية البيانات الشخصية التركي.
تعديلات
لا تنطبق الأقسام التالية من السياسة على الأفراد في تركيا:
إذا كنت لا توافق على هذه السياسة، فيرجى عدم استخدام هذه المنصة.
بالوصول إلى أو استخدام المنصة، فإنك تقر بأنك قد قرأت هذه السياسة وأنك تفهم حقوقك فيما يتعلق ببياناتك الشخصية وكيف سنقوم بجمعها ومعالجتها.
المملكة العربية السعودية
أنت توافق على جمع واستخدام والإفصاح عن ونقل وتصدير (بالقدر الذي تسمح به القوانين المطبقة) وتخزين معلوماتك الشخصية كما هو موضح في سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
الكويت
أنت تقر بأن عمرك لا يقل عن 21 عاماَ، أو 18 عاماَ وقد حصلت على موافقة أحد الوالدين/ الوصي، وبالتالي، فأنت قادر قانونياَ على التعاقد بموجب القوانين واللوائح المطبقة في الكويت.
بقبولك لسياسة الخصوصية هذه، فإنك تعلن صراحة أنك تفوضنا بجمع واستخدام وتخزين ومعالجة بياناتك الشخصية والكشف عن هذه البيانات لأطراف ثالثة سواء داخل أو خارج الكويت، بما يتماشى مع أحكام سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
ماليزيا
موافقة الوالدين والوصي
إذا كان عمرك أقل من 18 عاماَ، فالرجاء عدم استخدام المنصة. في حالة موافقتك على سياسة الخصوصية هذه حتى يتمكن قاصر من الوصول إلى المنصة واستخدامها، فإنك توافق بموجبه على توفير المعلومات الشخصية للقاصر لتتم معالجتها وفقاَ لسياسة الخصوصية هذه وأنت تقبل وتوافق شخصياَ على الالتزام بشروط سياسة الخصوصية هذه. كذلك، أنت توافق بموجب هذا على تحمل المسؤولية عن تصرفات هذا القاصر، وامتثال ذلك القاصر لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
حقوقك
حق الوصول: لديك الحق في طلب الوصول الى والحصول على نسخة من معلوماتك الشخصية التي جمعناها والتي تُعالج من قبلنا أو بالنيابة عنا. نحتفظ بحق فرض رسوم لتوفير الوصول إلى معلوماتك الشخصية بالمبالغ المسموح بها بموجب القانون.
عند التعامل مع طلب وصول إلى البيانات، يُسمح لنا بطلب معلومات معينة للتحقق من هوية مقدم الطلب للتأكد من أنه الشخص المخول قانوناَ لتقديم طلب الوصول إلى البيانات.
حق التصحيح: يجوز لك طلب تصحيح معلوماتك الشخصية. عند التعامل مع طلب تصحيح بيانات، يُسمح لنا بطلب معلومات معينة للتحقق من هوية مقدم الطلب للتأكد من أنه الشخص المخول قانوناَ لتقديم طلب تصحيح البيانات.
حق تقييد معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية: يجوز لك طلب تقييد معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية باستخدام تفاصيل الاتصال الواردة أعلاه. لكن، قد يؤثر ذلك على توفيرنا لخدمات الألعاب لك.
التواصل
لحماية معلوماتك الشخصية والتعامل مع الشكاوى المتعلقة بمعلوماتك الشخصية، قمنا بتعيين القسم التالي المسؤول عن إدارة وحماية معلوماتك الشخصية.
يمكنك التواصل معنا عبر
【feedback@soulchill.live】
تايلاند
بقبولك لسياسة الخصوصية هذه، أنت تقر بأنك قد قرأت وفهمت ووافقت على سياسة الخصوصية هذه. إذا كنت لا توافق على سياسة الخصوصية هذه، فيجب عليك عدم استخدام المنصة.
يمكنك أن تطلب منا إيقاف، تقييد استخدام أو توفير، و/أو طلب قابلية نقل البيانات لأي من معلوماتك الشخصية المخزونة من قبلنا، إلى الحد المنصوص عليه في القانون المتعلق بقوانين خصوصية البيانات المطبقة في تايلاند، بما في ذلك قانون حماية البيانات الشخصية التايلاندي. عندما ترغب في تقديم مثل هذه الطلبات، يرجى التواصل معنا على 【feedback@soulchill.live】.
سنرسل لك إشعاراَ بأي تغيير جوهري في سياسة الخصوصية هذه، ونمنحك فرصة لرفض هذه التغييرات، وإلا ستصبح التغييرات سارية كما هو مذكور في الإشعار.
الإمارات العربية المتحدة
إذا كنت تستخدم المنصة في الإمارات العربية المتحدة ("UAE")، تطبق الشروط الإضافية التالية. في حالة نشوء أي تعارض بين سياسة الخصوصية الرئيسية والشروط الإضافية، تسود الشروط التالية:
كيف نشارك بياناتك الشخصية
بالإضافة إلى النص الرئيسي لهذه السياسة، باستخدام المنصة في الإمارات العربية المتحدة، فإنك توافق على شروط سياسة الخصوصية هذه وتوافق على مشاركتنا لبياناتك الشخصية بما يتماشى مع النص الرئيسي لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
القانون الحاكم
باستخدام منصتنا في الإمارات العربية المتحدة، ستخضع سياسة الخصوصية هذه وتفسر وفقاَ لقوانين الإمارات العربية المتحدة.
فيتنام
يتم توفير سياسة الخصوصية هذه باللغة الفيتنامية للمستخدمين الموجودين في فيتنام. في حالة النزاع، ستسود هذه النسخة من سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
بالنسبة للأطفال الذين تقل أعمارهم عن 14 عاماَ، يتطلب إنشاء حساب واستخدام منصتنا إذناَ وإشرافاَ من أحد الوالدين أو الوصي القانوني. إذا كنت تراجع هذه الشروط بصفتك أحد الوالدين/الوصي القانوني لمستخدم يقل عمره عن 14 عاماَ، فإنك تقر بموجبه أن هذا المستخدم يتجاوز سن 14 وأنك قد قرأت وأقررت سياسة الخصوصية وشروط الاستخدام وتوافق على استخدام طفلك للمنصة والتسجيل لحساب.
Privacy Policy
Last
updated
: 2023-1-3
Acco
r
ding to THE
DATA PROTECTION LAWS,
We do not knowingly collect personal information from
MINOR
S
for any purpose. If you believe that we have
COLLECT SUCH
information of
MINOR
without parental or guardian consent, or if you are the parent or guardian of the user and wish to withdraw the consent, please submit your request at【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 and we will delete such information.
Welcome to SoulChill (the “Platform”). This Platform is provided and controlled by SpaceCape Techonology Pte. Ltd. . (“SoulChill”, “we” or “us”). We are committed to protect and respect your privacy. This policy explains our practices concerning the personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. If you do not agree with this policy, you should not use the Platform.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will treat your information before you start to use our Service or communicate with us outside the Platform certain features or functionalities of our Platform may be available via the Platform. This Privacy Policy governs the collection and use of data about you and your use of the Platform. (Although, we may provide additional notice and choice options within the Platform itself.)
By accessing or using our Platform, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy, which may be updated and amended from time to time. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may not access or use the Platform.
1. What information do we collect?
We collect information when you create an account and use the Platform, such as content you create, and your location. We also collect information you share with us from third-party social network providers, and technical and behavioral information about your use of the Platform.
Information you choose to provide
For certain activities, such as when you register, upload content to the Platform, or contact us directly, you may provide some or all of the following information:
Registration information, such as profile image, username, date of birth (where applicable), your current country, age, gender, email address and/or phone number, and your photograph or profile video.
User Content and Behavioural Information, such as preferences you set (such as choice of language),photographs, Snapchat Bitmoji avatar, audios and you upload or create, comments information you disclose in your user profile and livestreams you make with your Album’s permissions, camera's permissions, microphone permissions.
Information from Third Parties, such as a third-party social network account details (e.g., Facebook, Apple, Google,Snapchat) or login service and the information collected from you, and your interaction with the Platform and other third-party sites and Apps.
The camera's permissions, microphone permissions to send pictures, videos, audio messages in the app.
Your opt-in choices and communication preferences.
Payment information, such as Google or Apple payment information
Notification permission in your mobile phone.
Information as your communication/call history and contents or the contact information you send to us when you are contacting us.
Location data
,
including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. With your permission, we may also collect Global Positioning System (GPS) data.
Snapchat Integration.
You may choose to connect to us through Snapchat, and when you do, we may collect additional information from you, such as your display name and Bitmoji, through Snapchat. Please be advised that social media platforms may also collect information from you. We do not have control over the collection, use and sharing practices of social media platforms and encourage you to review their usage and disclosure policies and practices, including the data security practices, before using the social media platforms.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform, including your IP address, location-related data (as described below), unique device identifiers, browsing history (including content you have viewed in the Platform), Cookies (as defined below), your mobile carrier, time zone setting, and mobile or device information including the model of your device, screen resolution, operating system, app and file names and types, and platform.
Device information
The device you are using (such as device model, operating system version, device configuration, device identification, device network information, device environment and other characteristic information of software & hardware).
Technical Information
IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes.
Browsing and search history
We automatically collect your browsing and search history (including content you have viewed in the Platform) from you when you use the Platform.
Cookies
We and our vendors and service providers use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze which web pages you click on and how you use the Platform, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve our services, and provide you with targeted advertising on the Platform and elsewhere across your different devices. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. By using the Platform, you consent to our use of Cookies.
2. How we use your information
We use your information to fulfill and enforce our
Terms of Service
,
to improve and administer the Platform, and to allow you to use its functionalities. We may also use your information to, among other things, show you suggestions, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience.
We generally use the information we collect:
to fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback
to customize the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you liked or interacted with
to improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development
to support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and other users to connect with each other through the Platform
to help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform
to communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services
to enforce our terms, conditions, and policies
for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
to combine all the information we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes
3. How we share your information
We may share your personal data
in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of your country/region,
including without limitation:
Cloud storage providers to store the information you provide and for disaster recovery services, as well as for the performance of any contract we have entered into with you;
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization.
IT service providers that help develop, maintain, secure and optimize thePlatform;
PaymentProviders to facilitate the transactions.
Our data center and the servers of our host providers.
We may share your information with any member or affiliate of our group, which includes our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, and companies that we control, are controlled by or under common control, and our service providers and strategic business partners, and their respective subsidiaries, in each case in or outside your country, for the purposes set out above (“How We Use Your Personal Data”).
We may share your information with law enforcement agencies, public or tax authorities or other organizations if legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation, process or request (including tax and related reporting requirements);
Enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
Detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues;
Protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
If we sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. In any such cases, the third party company or business will adhere to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and where it will result in a change in any of the provisions herein, such changes will be communicated to you and you will be given the chance to consent or opt out at your discretion.
4. Third-Party Providers
You acknowledge and agree that we may process your personal information for the purpose of improving the quality of Services, conducting data and product analysis, planning promotional activities, etc., and may share your personal information to our affiliates and partners or to independent third-party vendors listed below for that purpose.
Such third-party providers may be local operating partners or technical support partners outside your country. After the cooperation terminated, they will be denied access to all of our information, including the information to which they previously had access. We promise not to provide, sell, rent, share, or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless we have your prior consent.
Besides, to provide you with social features, diversify or otherwise improve our Services, we may also provide third-party features or contents in our Services. Some of third-party services being linked to or embedded in Service (such as Social Media Platforms, third-party payment platforms, Fraud-Detection Service Provider, Anti-Crack and Anti-Cheat Service Provider, Social sharing Tools Provider, Customer Support Partner, etc.) may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other tracking technologies to collect or receive data about you according to their own Privacy Policy, and we do not control the information that these third parties collect or how they use that information. We strongly encourage you to check their own Privacy Policies on their official websites and learn more about their data processing practices. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you discover that any third party collects or processes your personal information illegally or in a manner which worries you, you are encouraged to contact us, and we will make reasonable efforts to help you. Main third-party vendors linked to our Services which may collect your Personal Information and links to their Privacy Policy are as follows (the specific list of Third-party vendors linked with each of our Service may vary):
Third-Party Services
Purpose/Function of these Third-Party Services
Data they collect
Links to their Privacy Policy
checkout
online payments
First and last name; PaymentMethod details;Card Expiration Date
https://www.checkout.com/legal/privacy-policy
stripe
online payments
CVCcode, date/time/amount of transaction,IP address/location, payment card details
https://stripe.com/zh-cn-hk/privacy
dlocal
payout service
First and last name, orderID,banking information(bank name,bankcode, bank fulladdress,bank accountnumber,account type)，phone number
https://dlocal.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Appsflyer
attribution and marketing analytics services
Technical Information, Technical Identifiers，Engagement Information
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Airwallex
payout service
First and last name, address，postcode，bank information (bank name, bank account number, bank code)
https://www.airwallex.com/terms/privacy-policy
Firebase
Statistical analysis
Device Information, Device Identifiers
https://policies.google.com/u/1/privacy
growingio
Statistical analysis
Device Information, Device Identifiers
https://www.growingio.com/privacy.html
shuzilm
Safety and risk control
Device Information, Device Identifiers
https://www.shuzilm.cn/privacy.html
5. Your Rights
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for login informationin a browser and to opt out of login information for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
If you have registered for an account you may access, review, and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your account and using available features and functionalities.
If you want to view, modify, or delete your data, please check the personal page to edit.
You also have the right to have your personal data deleted, object how we use or share your personal data, and restrict how we use or share your personal data. You can always withdraw your consent，for example by turning off notification permission information functionality in your mobile device settings if you do not wish to accept our information.
You may submit a request to access or delete the information we have collected about you by sending your request to us at the email provided in the Contact section at the bottom of this policy. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. You can exercise your rights by contacting us at feedback@soulchill.live
If you don't want to use the location function, you can turn it off on the system settings page. After turning off location function we will not be able to match the apposite playmate for you based on location information.
6. Data S
t
orage
The information we collect from you may be stored outside of the country where you live, such as the United States, Singapore. We maintain major servers around the world to bring you our services globally and continuously. And you are aware and agree that your personal data may be transferred to, stored in, and processed by affiliated companies, subcontractors and/or partners, located in third countries/outside the country where you live or work. we will take steps according to applicable laws and regulations in your country to ensure that your personal data is adequately protected within the data process location.
7. Security
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we will protect your personal data, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the Platform are no risk，this is why we need you to strictly adhere to the agreements and guidelines in documents such as our privacy policy, and we will work together to keep your personal information as secure as possible.
We have put in place appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of you and other users. We maintain these technical and organizational measures and will amend them from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems.
We will, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any information to these websites.
8. Data Retention
We retain your data for necessary to provide you with the service. However, there are occasions where we are likely to keep this data for longer in accordance with our legal obligations or where it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
After you have terminated your use of our Platform, we store your information in an aggregated and anonymised format.
9. Minor
The Platform otherwise is not directed at minors. Minors must not use the Platform for any purpose, except where their parent or guardian has provided consent. By minors, we mean users under the age of 18 years old; or in the case of a region where the minimum age for processing personal information differs, such different age. For users located in certain regions we have listed the minimum relevant age in the table below.
Region in which the user is located
Minimum age of the user
Algeria
19
Cambodia
18
Egypt
18
European Economic Area/Switzerland
16
Hong Kong
18
India
18
Indonesia
21
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
18
Kuwait
21
Macau
18
Malaysia
18
Mexico
18
Morocco
18
Myanmar
18
New Zealand
16
Nigeria
13
Philippines
18
Qatar
18
Singapore
13
South Africa
18
Sri Lanka
18
Thailand
20
Tunisia
18
Turkey
18
United Arab Emirates
21
United Kingdom
13
United States
13
Vietnam
14
We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors under these ages for any purpose. If you believe that we have personal information of a minor under these ages without parental or guardian consent, or if you are the parent or guardian of the user and wish to withdraw the consent, please submit your request at【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 and we will delete such information.
10. Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy and providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Platform to stay informed of our privacy practices. By accessing or using the Platform, you acknowledge that you have read this policy and that you understand your rights in relation to your personal data and how we will collect, use and process it. If major updates are involved, we will notify you in advance.
11. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to:
Email Address:feedback@soulchill.live
Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific
In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the services, and the rest of policy, the relevant jurisdictions’ Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific will supersede and control.
Algeria
By using the Pplatform, you give us your consent for the collection, storage, treatment and use of your personal information, and transfer of your personal information to a third party (such as local cloud providers to back up your data as described in the Privacy Policy) where it is manually and electronically treated.
B
razil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
Parental and Guardian Consent. If required by Brazilian data protection laws, if you are over the age of 16 but under the age of 18, you can only use and register for an account with the assistance of your parent or legal guardian and you declare and represent that you had such assistance to use the Services and to agree to the Policy.
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
portability of personal data to a third party;
object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
Contact: In case of doubt about your privacy, your rights or how to exercise them, please contact us at: [feedback@soulchill.live]. If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, we would like to clarify them.
DPO: If you wish to reach the Data Protection Officer, contact us at: feedback@soulchill.live
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for, at least, 6 months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
Egypt
This privacy policy is provided in Arabic for users located in Egypt. In case of dispute, the Arabic version of this privacy policy shall prevail.
If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 18 and that you have read and acknowledged Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
By clicking the button to proceed or by proceeding with the sign up process, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and consented to this privacy policy. If you do not consent to this privacy policy, you must not use the Platform.
You are acknowledging your consent to the processing, storage, and cross-border transfer of your personal data. The cross border transfer may be to any country in which we have databases or affiliates.
You also acknowledge your consent to receiving marketing messages from us.
As an Egyptian data subject, you have certain rights under the Egyptian Personal Data Protection Law.
Turkey
If you are using our services in Turkey, the following additional terms apply along with the contents of the foregoing Policy. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail.
Data Controller Representative. You may contact our data controller representative in Turkey by email or mail to handle questions and complaints in connection with the processing of your personal data if you are in Turkey.
feedback@soulchill.live
Hürriyet, Dr. Cemil Bengü Cd. NO:4 KOLEKTİF HOUSE MİNT METRO. 302 ODA/KAĞITHANE/İSTANBUL
Legal bases for the processing your personal data.
We rely on the following legal bases while processing your personal data in accordance with Article 5 of the Law No. 6698 on Protection of Personal Data:
processing is explicitly laid down or dictated by laws
processing of your personal data is necessary provided that it is directly related to the conclusion or fulfilment of the contract between us
processing is mandatory for us to be able to comply with our legal obligations
the relevant data is made available to the public by yourself
processing is mandatory for the establishment, exercise or protection of a right
processing is mandatory for our legitimate interests, provided that it does not violate your fundamental rights and freedoms
your explicit consent (Please note that we rely on this legal basis only when we require your consent for the processing and we do not rely on this legal basis if and when we rely on one of the other legal grounds above)
Your rights.
According to Article 11 of the Data Protection Law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
the right to learn whether we process your personal data,
the right to request information with regard to such processing, if we process your personal data,
the right to learn the purposes of the processing and whether they are used for such purpose or not;
the right to know the third parties within or outside the country, to whom we transfer your personal data,
the right to request correction of incomplete or inaccurate personal data,
the right to request deletion or destruction of your personal data under the conditions set forth in Article 7 of the Data Protection Law,
the right to request that we notify the third parties, to whom we transferred your personal data, about the correction, deletion and/or destruction of your personal data per your request within the scope of the foregoing two items,
the right to object to the negative results about you that are due to the analysis of your personal data processed solely by automated means,
the right to claim indemnification for damages incurred due to illegal processing of your personal data.
You may exercise your rights listed above by contact us at: feedback@soulchill.live
The requests found in your application will be resolved as soon as possible according to the nature of your request and within thirty days at the latest free of charge. However, if your request incurs additional cost to our company, then you may be charged over the tariff fee determined by the Turkish Personal Data Protection Board.
Amendments.
The following sections of the Policy do not apply to individuals in Turkey:
If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this Platform.
By accessing or using the Platform, you acknowledge that you have read this policy and that you understand your rights in relation to your personal data and how we will collect and process it.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
You consent to the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, export (to the extent permitted by applicable laws) and storage of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
Kuwait
You represent that you are at least 21 years old, or 18 years old and have obtained parental/guardian consent and, therefore, legally capable of contracting under the applicable laws and regulations in Kuwait.
By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly state that you authorise us to collect, use, store, and process your personal data and to disclose this data to third parties whether inside or outside of Kuwait, in line with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Malaysia
Parental and Guardian Consent
If you are under the age of 18, please do not use the Platform.In the event you are agreeing to this privacy policy in order for a minor to access and use the Platform, you hereby consent to the provision of personal information of the minor to be processed in accordance with this privacy policy and you personally accept and agree to be bound by the terms in this privacy policy. Further, you hereby agree to take responsibility for the actions of such minor, and that minor’s compliance with this privacy policy.
Your Rights
Right of access: You have the right to request access to and obtain a copy of your personal information that we have collected and is being processed by or on behalf of us. We reserve the right to impose a fee for providing access to your personal information in the amounts as permitted under law.
When handling a data access request, we are permitted to request for certain information to verify the identity of the requestor to ensure that he/she is the person legally entitled to make the data access request.
Right of correction: You may request for the correction of your personal information. When handling a data correction request, we are permitted to request for certain information to verify the identity of the requestor to ensure that he/she is the person legally entitled to make the data correction request.
Right to limit processing of your personal information: You may request to limit the processing of your personal information by using the contact details provided above. However this may affect our provision of the Game Services to you.
Contact
To protect your personal information and handle complaints relating to your personal information, we have appointed the following department responsible for managing and protecting your personal information.
You can connect with us
via【feedback@soulchill.live】
Thailand
By accepting this privacy policy, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you must not use the Platform.
You may request us to discontinue, to restrict the use or provision of, and/or to request for data portability of any and all of your personal information which is stored by us, to the extent provided by the Act on the applicable data privacy laws and regulations in Thailand, including the Thai Personal Data Protection Act. When you wish to make such requests, please contact us at
【feedback@soulchill.live】
.
We will give you notice of any material changes to this privacy policy, and give you an opportunity to reject such changes, failing which the changes will become effective as stated in the notice.
United Arab Emirates
If you are using the Platform in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
How we share your personal data
In addition to the main text of this policy, by using the Platform in the UAE you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to our sharing of your personal data in line with the main text of this Privacy Policy.
Governing law
By using our Platform in the UAE, this Privacy Policy will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the UAE.
V
itenam
This privacy policy is provided in Vietnamese for users located in Virenam. In case of dispute, this version of this privacy policy shall prevail.
For children under the age of 14 who creating an account and using our Platform requires the permisssion and supervision of parent or legal guardian. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 14, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 14 and that you have read and acknowledged Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
سياسة الخصوصية
آخر
تحديث: 3-1-2023
وفقاَ لقوانين حماية البيانات،
نحن لا نجمع معلومات شخصية من القاصرين عن قصد لأي غرض من الأغراض. إذا كنت تعتقد أننا جمعنا مثل هذه المعلومات الخاصة بقاصر دون موافقة الوالدين أو الوصي، أو إذا كنت أحد الوالدين أو الوصي على المستخدم وترغب في سحب الموافقة، فيرجى إرسال طلبك على【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 وسنقوم بحذف هذه المعلومات
مرحباً بك في SoulChill (ال"منصة"). يتم توفير هذه المنصة والتحكم بها من قبل SpaceCape Techonology Pte.  Ltd. ("SoulChill"، أو "نحن"). نحن ملتزمون بحماية خصوصيتك واحترامها. تشرح هذه السياسة ممارساتنا المتعلقة بالبيانات الشخصية التي نجمعها منك أو التي تقدمها لنا. إذا كنت لا توافق على هذه السياسة، فلا يجوز لك استخدام المنصة.
يرجى قراءة سياسة الخصوصية هذه بعناية لفهم كيفية تعاملنا مع معلوماتك قبل البدء في استخدام خدمتنا أو التواصل معنا خارج المنصة، قد تتوفر بعض ميزات أو وظائف منصتنا عبر المنصة. تحكم سياسة الخصوصية هذه جمع واستخدام البيانات المتعلقة بك وباستخدامك للمنصة. (لكننا قد نقدم إشعاراَ إضافياَ وخيارات مختارة داخل المنصة نفسها.)
بالوصول إلى أو استخدام منصتنا، فإنك تقبل وتوافق على الممارسات الموضحة في سياسة الخصوصية هذه، والتي قد يتم تحديثها وتعديلها من وقت الى آخر. إذا كنت لا توافق على شروط سياسة الخصوصية هذه، فلا يجوز لك الوصول إلى أو استخدام المنصة.
1. ما هي المعلومات التي نجمعها؟
نجمع المعلومات عندما تنشئ حساباَ وتستخدم المنصة، كالمحتوى الذي تنشئه وموقعك الجغرافي. نقوم أيضاَ بجمع المعلومات التي تشاركها معنا من موفري الشبكات الاجتماعية التابعين لأطراف ثالثة، والمعلومات التقنية والسلوكية حول استخدامك للمنصة.
المعلومات التي تختار تقديمها
بالنسبة لبعض الأنشطة، مثل عند التسجيل أو تحميل المحتوى الى المنصة أو الاتصال بنا مباشرة، يمكنك تقديم بعض أو كل المعلومات التالية:
معلومات التسجيل، كصورة الملف الشخصي واسم المستخدم وتاريخ الميلاد (عند الاقتضاء) وبلدك الحالي وعمرك وجنسك وعنوان بريدك الإلكتروني و/أو رقم هاتفك وصورتك أو فيديو ملفك الشخصي.
محتوى المستخدم والمعلومات السلوكية، كالتفضيلات التي تحددها (كاختيار اللغة)، والصور الفوتوغرافية، وآفاتار Snapchat Bitmoji، والتسجيلات الصوتية التي تحملها أو تنشئها، والتعليقات والمعلومات التي تكشف عنها في ملف تعريف المستخدم الخاص بك وعمليات البث المباشر التي تقوم بها، باستخدام أذونات الألبوم وأذونات الكاميرا وأذونات الميكروفون.
معلومات من أطراف ثالثة، كتفاصيل حساب شبكة اجتماعية لطرف ثالث (مثل Facebook و Apple و Google و Snapchat) أو خدمة تسجيل الدخول والمعلومات التي تم جمعها منك ومن تفاعلك مع المنصة ومواقع وتطبيقات الأطراف الثالثة الأخرى.
أذونات الكاميرا وأذونات الميكروفون لإرسال الصور ومقاطع الفيديو والرسائل الصوتية في التطبيق.
اختيارات الاشتراك وتفضيلات التواصل الخاصة بك.
معلومات الدفع، كمعلومات الدفع الخاصة بـ Google أو Apple
إذن الإشعار في هاتفك المحمول.
المعلومات مثل تاريخ التواصل/المكالمات والمحتويات أو معلومات التواصل التي ترسلها لنا عندما تتواصل معنا.
بيانات الموقع
، بما في ذلك معلومات الموقع بناءً على بطاقة SIM و/أو عنوان IP. بعد إذن منك، قد نقوم أيضاَ بجمع بيانات نظام تحديد المواقع العالمي (GPS).
تكامل
Snapchat
.
يمكنك اختيار الاتصال بنا من خلال Snapchat، وعندما تفعل ذلك، قد نجمع معلومات إضافية منك، مثل اسم العرض و Bitmoji الخاص بك، من خلال Snapchat. يرجى العلم بأن منصات وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي قد تقوم بجمع معلومات منك أيضاَ. نحن لا نتحكم بممارسات جمع واستخدام ومشاركة منصات التواصل الاجتماعي ونشجعك على مراجعة سياسات وممارسات الاستخدام والإفصاح الخاصة بهم، بما في ذلك ممارسات أمان البيانات، قبل استخدام منصات التواصل الاجتماعي.
المعلومات التي نجمعها تلقائياَ
نقوم بجمع معلومات معينة منك تلقائياَ عند استخدامك للمنصة، بما في ذلك عنوان IP الخاص بك، والبيانات المتعلقة بالموقع (كما هو موضح أدناه)، ومعرفات الجهاز الفريدة، وسجل التصفح (بما في ذلك المحتوى الذي شاهدته في المنصة)، وملفات تعريف الارتباط (الكوكيز) (على النحو المحدد أدناه)، ومشغل شبكة الهاتف المحمول، وإعداد المنطقة الزمنية، ومعلومات الهاتف المحمول أو الجهاز بما في ذلك طراز جهازك ودقة الشاشة ونظام التشغيل وأسماء وأنواع ومنصات التطبيقات والملفات.
معلومات الجهاز
الجهاز الذي تستخدمه (كطراز الجهاز وإصدار نظام التشغيل وتشكيل الجهاز وتعريف الجهاز ومعلومات شبكة الجهاز وبيئة الجهاز والمعلومات الأخرى المميزة للبرامج والأجهزة).
المعلومات التقنية
عنوان IP ووكيل المستخدم ومشغل شبكة الهاتف المحمول وإعدادات المنطقة الزمنية والمعرفات لأغراض الدعاية.
سجل التصفح والبحث
نقوم بجمع سجل التصفح والبحث (بما في ذلك المحتوى الذي شاهدته في المنصة) منك تلقائياَ عند استخدامك للمنصة.
ملفات تعريف الارتباط (الكوكيز)
نستخدم نحن وموردونا ومقدمو الخدمات ملفات تعريف الارتباط والتقنيات المشابهة الأخرى (مثل إشارات الويب وملفات تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بفلاش وما إلى ذلك) ("كوكيز") لجمع المعلومات تلقائياَ وقياس وتحليل صفحات الويب التي تنقر عليها وكيفية استخدامك للمنصة، وتحسين خدماتنا، وتزويدك بالإعلانات المستهدفة على المنصة وفي أي مكان آخر عبر أجهزتك المختلفة. ملفات تعريف الارتباط هي ملفات صغيرة، عند وضعها على جهازك، تمكّن المنصة من توفير ميزات ووظائف معينة. إشارات الويب عبارة عن صور صغيرة جداَ أو أجزاء صغيرة من البيانات المضمنة في الصور، والمعروفة أيضاَ باسم "علامات البكسل" أو "ملفات GIF الشفافة"، والتي يمكنها التعرف على ملفات تعريف الارتباط، ووقت وتاريخ عرض الصفحة، ووصف للصفحة التي تحتوي علامة البكسل، ومعلومات مشابهة من جهاز الكمبيوتر أو جهازك الخاص. باستخدامك للمنصة، فإنك توافق على استخدامنا لملفات تعريف الارتباط (الكوكيز).
2. كيف نستخدم معلوماتك
نستخدم معلوماتك لأداء وإنفاذ
شروط الخدمة
الخاصة بنا، ولتحسين وإدارة المنصة، وللسماح لك باستخدام وظائفها. قد نستخدم معلوماتك أيضاَ، من بين أمور أخرى، لعرض اقتراحات لك والترويج للمنصة وتخصيص تجربتك الإعلانية.
نستخدم المعلومات التي نجمعها بشكل عام:
لتلبية طلبات المنتجات والخدمات ووظائف المنصة والدعم والمعلومات للعمليات الداخلية، بما في ذلك استكشاف الأخطاء وإصلاحها وتحليل البيانات والاختبار والبحث والأغراض الإحصائية والاستقصائية والتماس ملاحظاتك
لتخصيص المحتوى الذي تراه عند استخدام المنصة. على سبيل المثال، قد نوفر لك خدمات بناءً على إعدادات الدولة التي اخترتها أو نعرض لك محتوى مشابهاَ للمحتوى الذي أعجبك أو تفاعلت معه
لتحسين منصتنا وتطويرها والقيام بتطوير المنتجات
لدعم وظائف المنصة الاجتماعية، بما في ذلك السماح لك وللمستخدمين الآخرين بالتواصل مع بعضهم البعض من خلال المنصة
لمساعدتنا في اكتشاف إساءة الاستخدام والاحتيال والنشاط غير القانوني على المنصة
للتواصل معك، بما في ذلك إخطارك بالتغييرات في خدماتنا
لإنفاذ الشروط والأحكام والسياسات الخاصة بنا
لأي أغراض أخرى يتم الكشف عنها لك في حين جمع معلوماتك أو بناءً على موافقتك.
لدمج جميع المعلومات التي نجمعها أو نتلقاها عنك لأي من الأغراض المذكورة أعلاه
3. كيف نشارك معلوماتك
يجوز لنا مشاركة بياناتك الشخصية وفقاَ للقوانين واللوائح المعنية في بلدك/منطقتك، بما في ذلك على سبيل المثال لا الحصر:
مزودو التخزين السحابي لتخزين المعلومات التي تقدمها وخدمات التعافي من الكوارث، وكذلك لأداء أي عقد أبرمناه معك؛
مزودو التحليلات ومحركات البحث الذين يساعدوننا في التحسين والاستمثال.
مزودو خدمات تكنولوجيا المعلومات الذين يساعدون في تطوير وصيانة وتأمين واستمثال المنصة؛
مزودو الدفع لتسهيل المعاملات.
مركز البيانات لدينا وخوادم مزودي خدمات الاستضافة لدينا.
يجوز لنا مشاركة معلوماتك مع أي عضو أو شركة تابعة الى مجموعتنا، والتي تشمل شركاتنا الفرعية، وشركتنا القابضة النهائية وشركاتها الفرعية، والشركات التي نتحكم فيها أو التي تتحكم بنا أو تحت تحكم مشترك، ومقدمي الخدمات وشركاء الأعمال الاستراتيجيين لدينا، وشركاتهم الفرعية، في كل حالة داخل أو خارج بلدك، للأغراض المبينة أعلاه ("كيف نستخدم بياناتك الشخصية").
يجوز لنا مشاركة معلوماتك مع وكالات إنفاذ القانون أو السلطات العامة أو سلطات الضرائب أو منظمات أخرى إذا كان وجب علينا القيام بذلك قانونياَ، أو إذا كان لدينا اعتقاد حسن النية أن هذا الاستخدام ضروري بشكل معقول من أجل:
الامتثال لالتزام أو عملية أو طلب قانوني (بما في ذلك الضرائب ومتطلبات إعداد التقارير ذات الصلة)؛
إنفاذ شروط الخدمة والاتفاقيات والسياسات والمعايير الأخرى الخاصة بنا، بما في ذلك التحقيق في أي انتهاك محتمل لها؛
كشف أو منع أو معالجة المشاكل الأمنية أو الاحتيال أو المشاكل التقنية؛
حماية حقوق أو ممتلكات أو سلامتنا أو مستخدمينا أو طرف ثالث أو الجمهور كما يقتضي أو يسمح القانون (بما في ذلك تبادل المعلومات مع الشركات والمؤسسات الأخرى لأغراض الحماية من الاحتيال والحد من مخاطر الائتمان).
ويجوز لنا أيضاَ كشف معلوماتك لأطراف الثالثة:
في حالة بيع أو شراء أي أعمال أو أصول، في هذه الحالة يجوز لنا الكشف عن بياناتك للبائع أو المشتري المحتمل لهذه الأعمال أو الأصول؛ أو
إذا قمنا ببيع أو شراء أو دمج أو شراكة مع شركات أو مشاريع أخرى، أو بيع بعض أو كل أصولنا. في مثل هذه المعاملات، قد تكون معلومات المستخدمين من بين الأصول المنقولة. في مثل هذه الحالات، ستلتزم الشركة أو المشروع التابع لطرف ثالث بأحكام سياسة الخصوصية هذه، وإذا كان سينتج عن ذلك تغيير في أي من الأحكام الواردة هنا، فسيتم إبلاغك بهذه التغييرات وتتاح لك الفرصة الموافقة أو الانسحاب حسب تقديرك.
4. مزودو الخدمات من الأطراف الثالثة
أنت تقر وتوافق على أنه يجوز لنا معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية لغرض تحسين جودة الخدمات، وإجراء تحليل للبيانات والمنتجات، والتخطيط للأنشطة الترويجية، وما إلى ذلك، ويجوز لنا أن نشارك معلوماتك الشخصية مع الشركات التابعة لنا وشركائنا أو البائعين الخارجيين المستقلين المدرجين أدناه لهذا الغرض.
قد يكون مزودو الطرف الثالث هؤلاء شركاء تشغيل محليين أو شركاء دعم تقني خارج بلدك. بعد إنهاء التعاون، سيتم حرمانهم من الوصول إلى جميع معلوماتنا، بما في ذلك المعلومات التي تمكنوا من الوصول إليها سابقاَ. نتعهد بعدم تقديم معلوماتك الشخصية أو بيعها أو تأجيرها أو مشاركتها أو تداولها مع أي طرف ثالث غير ذو صلة، ما لم نحصل على موافقتك المسبقة.
بالإضافة الى ذلك، لتزويدك بميزات اجتماعية، أو تنويع خدماتنا أو تحسينها بطريقة أخرى، قد نوفر أيضاَ ميزات أو محتويات تابعة لأطراف ثالثة في خدماتنا. قد تستخدم بعض خدمات الأطراف الثالثة التي يتم ربطها أو تضمينها في الخدمة (مثل منصات التواصل الاجتماعي، ومنصات الدفع التابعة لأطراف ثالثة، ومزود خدمة كشف الاحتيال، ومزود خدمة مكافحة كسر الحماية ومكافحة الغش، وموفر أدوات المشاركة الاجتماعية، وشريك دعم العملاء، وما إلى ذلك) ملفات تعريف الارتباط و/أو إشارات الويب و/أو تقنيات تتبع أخرى لجمع أو تلقي بيانات عنك وفقاَ لسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بهم، ونحن لا نتحكم في المعلومات التي تجمعها هذه الأطراف الثالثة أو كيفية استخدامهم لتلك المعلومات. نحن نحثك بشدة على التحقق من سياسات الخصوصية الخاصة بهم على مواقعهم الرسمية ومعرفة المزيد حول ممارسات معالجة البيانات الخاصة بهم. بالرغم من المذكور أعلاه، إذا اكتشفت أن أي طرف ثالث يقوم بجمع أو معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية بشكل غير قانوني أو بطريقة تثير قلقك، فنحن نحثك على الاتصال بنا وسنبذل جهوداَ معقولة لمساعدتك. البائعون الرئيسيون من الأطراف الثالثة المرتبطون بخدماتنا والذين قد يجمعون معلوماتك الشخصية وروابط لسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بهم هم كما يلي (قد تختلف القائمة المحددة للبائعي التابعين لطرف ثالث المرتبطين بكل خدمة من خدماتنا):
خدمات الأطراف الثالثة
الغرض/وظيفة خدمات الأطراف الثالثة هذه
البيانات التي يجمعونها
روابط سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بهم
checkout
الدفع عبر الإنترنت
الاسم الأول والاسم الأخير؛ تفاصيل طريقة الدفع؛ تاريخ انتهاء صلاحية البطاقة
https://www.checkout.com/legal/privacy-policy
stripe
الدفع عبر الإنترنت
رمز CVC، تاريخ/وقت/مبلغ المعاملة، عنوان IP/الموقع الجغرافي، تفاصيل بطاقة الدفع
https://stripe.com/zh-cn-hk/privacy
dlocal
خدمة سحب الأموال
الاسم الأول والأخير، معرف الطلب، المعلومات المصرفية (اسم البنك، رمز البنك، العنوان الكامل للبنك، رقم الحساب المصرفي، نوع الحساب)، رقم الهاتف
https://dlocal.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Appsflyer
خدمات الإسناد وتحليلات التسويق
المعلومات التقنية، المعرفات التقنية، معلومات المشاركة
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Airwallex
خدمة سحب الأموال
الاسم الأول والأخير، العنوان، الرمز البريدي، معلومات البنك (اسم البنك، رقم الحساب المصرفي، رمز البنك)
https://www.airwallex.com/terms/privacy-policy
Firebase
التحليل الإحصائي
معلومات الجهاز, معرفات الجهاز
https://policies.google.com/u/1/privacy
growingio
التحليل الإحصائي
معلومات الجهاز, معرفات الجهاز
https://www.growingio.com/privacy.html
shuzilm
مراقبة السلامة والمخاطر
معلومات الجهاز, معرفات الجهاز
https://www.shuzilm.cn/privacy.html
5. حقوقك
قد تتمكن من رفض ملفات تعريف الارتباط أو تعطيلها من خلال ضبط إعدادات متصفحك. نظراَ لاختلاف كل متصفح، يرجى الرجوع إلى الإرشادات التي يوفرها متصفحك. يرجى ملاحظة أنك قد تحتاج إلى اتخاذ خطوات إضافية لرفض أو تعطيل أنواع معينة من ملفات تعريف الارتباط. كمثال، نظراَ للاختلافات في كيفية عمل المتصفحات وتطبيقات الهواتف المحمولة، فقد تحتاج إلى اتخاذ خطوات مختلفة لإلغاء الاشتراك في ملفات تعريف الارتباط المستخدمة لمعلومات تسجيل الدخول في المتصفح ولإلغاء الاشتراك في معلومات تسجيل الدخول لتطبيق الهاتف المحمول، والذي يمكنك التحكم به من خلال إعدادات جهازك أو أذونات تطبيقات الهاتف المحمول. بالإضافة إلى ذلك، يكون اختيار إلغاء الاشتراك خاصاَ بالمتصفح أو الجهاز المعين الذي تستخدمه عند إلغاء الاشتراك، لذلك قد تحتاج إلى إلغاء الاشتراك بشكل منفصل لكل متصفح أو جهاز. إذا اخترت رفض أو تعطيل أو حذف ملفات تعريف الارتباط، فقد تكون بعض وظائف النظام الأساسي غير متاحة لك.
إذا قمت بالتسجيل للحصول على حساب، فيمكنك الوصول إلى بعض المعلومات الشخصية التي قدمتها لنا ومراجعتها وتحديثها عن طريق تسجيل الدخول إلى حسابك واستخدام الميزات والوظائف المتاحة.
إذا أردت عرض أو تغيير أو حذف بياناتك، فيرجى مراجعة الصفحة الشخصية لتعديلها.
لديك أيضاَ الحق في حذف بياناتك الشخصية، والاعتراض على كيفية استخدامنا لها أو مشاركتها، وتقييد كيفية استخدامنا لها أو مشاركتها. يمكنك دائماَ سحب موافقتك، على سبيل المثال عن طريق إيقاف تشغيل وظيفة إذن الإشعار بالمعلومات في إعدادات جهازك المحمول إذا كنت لا ترغب في قبول معلوماتنا.
يمكنك إرسال طلب للوصول إلى المعلومات التي جمعناها عنك أو حذفها عن طريق إرسال طلبك إلينا على البريد الإلكتروني المقدم في قسم التواصل في الجزء السفلي من هذه السياسة. سنرد على طلبك بما يتوافق مع القانون المطبق ويخضع للتحقق المناسب. يمكنك ممارسة حقوقك من خلال التواصل معنا على
feedback@soulchill.live
إذا كنت لا تريد استخدام وظيفة الموقع، فيمكنك إيقافها في صفحة إعدادات النظام. بعد إيقاف وظيفة الموقع، لن نتمكن من مطابقة زميل اللعب المناسب لك بناءً على معلومات الموقع.
6. تخزين البيانات
قد يتم تخزين المعلومات التي نجمعها منك خارج البلد الذي تعيش فيه، كالولايات المتحدة وسنغافورة. نحتفظ بخوادم رئيسية في جميع أنحاء العالم لنقدم لك خدماتنا عالمياَ وباستمرار. وأنت تدرك وتوافق على أنه يجوز نقل بياناتك الشخصية وتخزينها ومعالجتها من قبل الشركات التابعة و/أو المقاولين من الباطن و/أو الشركاء الموجودين في بلدان ثالثة/خارج البلد الذي تعيش أو تعمل فيه. سنتخذ خطوات وفقاَ للقوانين واللوائح المطبقة في بلدك لضمان حماية بياناتك الشخصية بشكل كافٍ داخل موقع معالجة البيانات.
7. الأمان
نستخدم تدابير معقولة للمساعدة في حماية المعلومات من الضياع والسرقة وإساءة الاستعمال والوصول غير المصرح به والكشف والتغيير والتدمير. ينبغي عليك أن تفهم أنه لا يمكن ضمان أمن أي نظام لتخزين البيانات أو نقل البيانات عبر الإنترنت أو أي شبكة عامة أخرى بنسبة 100%. على الرغم من أننا سنحمي بياناتك الشخصية، على سبيل المثال، عن طريق التشفير، لا يمكننا ضمان أن أمان معلوماتك المنقولة عبر المنصة ليست مخاطرة، ولهذا السبب نحتاج منك التقيد الصارم بالاتفاقيات والإرشادات الواردة في المستندات كسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا، وسنعمل معاَ للحفاظ على أمان معلوماتك الشخصية قدر الإمكان.
لقد وضعنا تدابير تقنية وتنظيمية مناسبة لضمان مستوى أمان مناسب لمخاطر متباينة الاحتمالية والشدة فيما يتعلق بحقوق وحرياتك والمستخدمين الآخرين. نحافظ على هذه التدابير الفنية والتنظيمية وسنقوم بتعديلها من وقت الى آخر لتعزيز الأمان العام لأنظمتنا.
سنقوم، من وقت الى آخر، بتضمين روابط من وإلى مواقع شبكات شركائنا والمعلنين والشركات التابعة لنا. إذا اتبعت رابطاَ لأي من هذه المواقع، فيرجى ملاحظة أن هذه المواقع لها سياسات خصوصية خاصة بها وأننا لا نتحمل أي مسؤولية أو التزام تجاه هذه السياسات. يرجى التحقق من هذه السياسات قبل تقديم أي معلومات إلى هذه المواقع.
8. الاحتفاظ بالبيانات
نحتفظ ببياناتك طالما كان ذلك ضرورياَ لتزويدك بالخدمة. ولكن، هناك حالات من المحتمل أن نحتفظ فيها بهذه البيانات لفترة أطول وفقاَ لالتزاماتنا القانونية أو عندما يكون ذلك ضرورياَ لإنشاء الدعاوى القانونية أو ممارستها أو الدفاع عنها.
بعد إنهاء استخدامك لمنصتنا، نقوم بتخزين معلوماتك بشكل مجمع ومجهول المصدر.
9. القاصر
المنصة غير موجهة للقاصرين بأي شكل. يجب ألا يستخدم القاصرون المنصة لأي غرض، باستثناء ما إذا كان أحد الوالدين أو الوصي قد قدم الموافقة على ذلك. نعني بالقاصرين المستخدمين الذين تقل أعمارهم عن 18 عاماَ؛ أو في حالة منطقة يختلف فيها الحد الأدنى لسن معالجة المعلومات الشخصية، هذا العمر المختلف. بالنسبة للمستخدمين الموجودين في مناطق معينة، قمنا بإدراج الحد الأدنى للعمر ذي الصلة في الجدول أدناه.
المنطقة التي يقع فيها المستخدم
الحد الأدنى لعمر المستخدم
الجزائر
19
كمبوديا
18
مصر
18
المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية/سويسرا
16
هونغ كونغ
18
الهند
18
إندونيسيا
21
المملكة العربية السعودية
18
الكويت
21
ماكاو
18
ماليزيا
18
المكسيك
18
المغرب
18
ميانمار
18
نيوزيلندا
16
نيجيريا
13
الفلبين
18
قطر
18
سنغافورة
13
جنوب أفريقيا
18
سريلانكا
18
تايلاند
20
تونس
18
تركيا
18
الإمارات العربية المتحدة
21
المملكة المتحدة
13
الولايات المتحدة
13
فيتنام
14
نحن لا نجمع معلومات شخصية من القاصرين تحت هذه الأعمار عن قصد لأي غرض من الأغراض. إذا كنت تعتقد أن لدينا معلومات شخصية عن قاصر دون هذه الأعمار بلا موافقة الوالدين أو الوصي، أو إذا كنت أحد الوالدين أو الوصي على المستخدم وترغب في سحب الموافقة، فيرجى إرسال طلبك على【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 وسنقوم بحذف هذه المعلومات.
10. التغييرات
قد نقوم بتحديث سياسة الخصوصية هذه من وقت الى آخر. عندما نحدث سياسة الخصوصية، سنخطرك بتحديث تاريخ "آخر تحديث" في الجزء العلوي من هذه السياسة ونشر سياسة الخصوصية الجديدة وتقديم أي إشعار آخر يتطلبه القانون المطبق. نوصيك بمراجعة سياسة الخصوصية في كل مرة تزور فيها المنصة للبقاء على اطلاع بممارسات الخصوصية الخاصة بنا. بالوصول إلى أو استخدام المنصة، فإنك تقر بأنك قد قرأت هذه السياسة وأنك تفهم حقوقك فيما يتعلق ببياناتك الشخصية وكيف سنقوم بجمعها واستخدامها ومعالجتها. إذا كانت هناك تحديثات رئيسية معنية، فسنخطرك مقدماَ.
11. التواصل
يجب توجيه الأسئلة والتعليقات والطلبات المتعلقة بهذه السياسة إلى:
عنوان البريد الإلكتروني: feedback@soulchill.live
الشروط التكميلية - للولاية القضائية المحددة
في حالة وجود تعارض بين أحكام الشروط التكميلية - للولاية القضائية المحددة ذات الصلة بالولاية القضائية التي تصل إلى أو تستخدم الخدمات منها، وبقية السياسة، يُعمل بالشروط التكميلية - للولاية القضائية المحددة المعنية ويُحتكم إليها.
الجزائر
باستخدام المنصة، فإنك تمنحنا موافقتك على جمع معلوماتك الشخصية وتخزينها ومعالجتها واستخدامها، ونقل معلوماتك الشخصية إلى طرف ثالث (مثل موفري التخزين السحابي المحليين لنسخ بياناتك احتياطياَ كما هو موضح في سياسة الخصوصية) حيث يتم معالجتها يدوياَ وإلكترونياَ.
البرازيل
إذا كنت تستخدم المنصة في البرازيل، فستطبق الشروط الإضافية التالية. في حالة نشوء أي تعارض بين سياسة الخصوصية الرئيسية والشروط الإضافية، تسود الشروط التالية:
موافقة الوالدين والوصي. إذا كان ذلك واجباَ حسب قوانين حماية البيانات البرازيلية، إذا كان عمرك يزيد عن 16 عاماَ ولكنه أقل من 18 عاماَ، فلا يمكنك استخدام وتسجيل حساب إلا بمساعدة والديك أو الوصي القانوني عليك وتعلن وتقر بأنك حصلت على هذه المساعدة لاستخدام الخدمات والموافقة على السياسة.
ممارسة حقوق حماية البيانات. يوفر القانون البرازيلي حقوقاَ معينة للأفراد فيما يتعلق ببياناتهم الشخصية. وبالتالي، نسعى إلى ضمان الشفافية وضوابط الوصول للسماح للمستخدمين بالاستفادة من الحقوق المذكورة.
سنستجيب و/أو نلبي طلباتك لممارسة حقوقك أدناه، وفقاَ للقانون المطبق وعند الاقتضاء، لقانون حماية البيانات العام البرازيلي - LGPD:
أ. تأكيد ما إذا كانت بياناتك قيد المعالجة؛
ب. الوصول إلى بياناتك؛
ج. تصحيح البيانات الناقصة أو غير الدقيقة أو القديمة؛
د. إخفاء هوية أو حجب أو محو البيانات؛
ه. قابلية نقل البيانات الشخصية إلى طرف ثالث؛
و. الاعتراض على معالجة البيانات الشخصية؛
ز. معلومات الكيانات العامة والخاصة التي شاركنا البيانات معها؛
ح. معلومات حول إمكانية رفض تقديم البيانات الشخصية والعواقب المترتبة، عند الاقتضاء؛
ط. سحب موافقتك.
التحقق من هويتك: من أجل سلامتك والسماح لنا بالتأكد من أننا لن نكشف عن أي من بياناتك الشخصية لأطراف ثالثة غير مصرح لها، من أجل التحقق من هويتك وضمان الممارسة المناسبة لحقوقك، قد نطلب منك معلومات و/أو مستندات محددة قبل أن نتمكن من الرد بشكل صحيح على الطلب المستلم بخصوص بياناتك. ستستخدم جميع البيانات والمستندات الواردة منك خلال عملية الرد على طلباتك للأغراض الصارمة المتمثلة في تحليل طلبك، والتحقق من هويتك، وأخيراَ الرد على طلبك.
القيود على حقوقك: قد تكون لدينا أسباب مشروعة لعدم الامتثال لبعض طلباتك في حالات معينة. على سبيل المثال، قد نختار عدم الكشف عن معلومات معينة لك عندما يكون ممكناَ أن يؤثر الكشف سلباَ على عملنا عندما يكون هناك خطر بانتهاك الأسرار التجارية أو حقوق الملكية الفكرية الخاصة بنا. بالإضافة إلى ذلك، يجوز لنا الامتناع عن الامتثال لطلب الحذف عندما يكون الحفاظ على بياناتك مطلوباَ للامتثال لالتزامات قانونية أو تنظيمية أو عندما تكون هذه الصيانة لازمة لحماية حقوقنا ومصالحنا في حالة نشوء نزاع. عندما يكون هذا هو الحال ولم نتمكن من الامتثال لطلب تقدمه، فسنخبرك بأسباب عدم تمكننا من تلبية طلبك.
التواصل: في حالة الشك بشأن خصوصيتك أو حقوقك أو كيفية ممارستها، يرجى التواصل معنا على: [feedback@soulchill.live]. إذا كانت لديك أي أسئلة حول معالجة بياناتك الشخصية، فنحن نود أن نوضحها.
DPO: إذا أردت الوصول إلى مسؤول حماية البيانات، فتواصل معنا على: feedback@soulchill.live
سجلات الوصول. نحتفظ بسجلات الوصول إلى التطبيقات الخاصة بك، بسرية، في بيئة آمنة وخاضعة للرقابة، لمدة 6 أشهر على الأقل، من أجل الامتثال للالتزامات القانونية.
مصر
يتم توفير سياسة الخصوصية هذه باللغة العربية للمستخدمين الموجودين في مصر. في حالة النزاع، تسود النسخة العربية لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
إذا كان عمرك أقل من 18 عاماَ، فيرجى مطالبة أحد والديك أو الوصي القانوني بقراءة هذا معك. إذا كنت تراجع هذه الشروط بصفتك الوالد/الوصي القانوني لمستخدم يقل عمره عن 18 عاماَ، فإنك تقر بموجبه أن هذا المستخدم يتجاوز سن 18 وأنك قد قرأت وأقرت سياسة الخصوصية وشروط الاستخدام وتوافق على استخدام طفلك للمنصة والتسجيل لحساب.
بالنقر فوق زر المتابعة أو من خلال متابعة عملية التسجيل، فإنك تقر بأنك قد قرأت وفهمت سياسة الخصوصية هذه ووافقت عليها. إذا كنت لا توافق على سياسة الخصوصية هذه، فيجب عليك عدم استخدام المنصة.
أنت تقر بموافقتك على معالجة وتخزين بياناتك الشخصية ونقلها عبر الحدود. يجوز أن يكون النقل عبر الحدود إلى أي دولة لدينا فيها قواعد بيانات أو شركات تابعة.
أنت تقر أيضاَ بموافقتك على تلقي رسائل تسويقية منا.
بصفتك صاحب بيانات مصري، لديك حقوق معينة بموجب قانون حماية البيانات الشخصية المصري.
تركيا
إذا كنت تستخدم خدماتنا في تركيا، فستطبق الشروط الإضافية التالية مع محتويات السياسة مذكورة أعلاه. في حالة وجود أي تعارض بين الشروط الإضافية التالية وأحكام الجزء الرئيسي من هذه السياسة، تسود الشروط التالية.
ممثل مراقب البيانات. يمكنك الاتصال بممثل مراقب البيانات لدينا في تركيا عن طريق البريد الإلكتروني أو البريد للتعامل مع الأسئلة والشكاوى المتعلقة بمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية إذا كنت في تركيا.
feedback@soulchill.live
Hürriyet, Dr. Cemil Bengü Cd. NO:4 KOLEKTİF HOUSE MİNT METRO. 302 ODA/KAĞITHANE/İSTANBUL
الأسس القانونية لمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية.
نعتمد على الأسس القانونية التالية أثناء معالجة بياناتك الشخصية وفقاَ للمادة 5 من القانون رقم 6698 بشأن حماية البيانات الشخصية:
المعالجة منصوص عليها صراحة أو تمليها القوانين
تعتبر معالجة بياناتك الشخصية ضرورية بشرط أن تكون مرتبطة بشكل مباشر بإبرام أو تنفيذ العقد المبرم بيننا
المعالجة إلزامية لنا حتى نتمكن من الامتثال لالتزاماتنا القانونية
البيانات المعنية متاحة للجمهور من قبلك
المعالجة إلزامية لإنشاء أو ممارسة أو حماية حق
المعالجة إلزامية لمصالحنا المشروعة، بشرط ألا تنتهك حقوقك وحرياتك الأساسية
موافقتك الصريحة (يرجى ملاحظة أننا نعتمد على هذا الأساس القانوني عندما نطلب موافقتك على المعالجة فقط ولا نعتمد على هذا الأساس القانوني إذا وعندما نعتمد على أحد الأسس القانونية الأخرى أعلاه)
حقوقك.
وفقاَ للمادة 11 من قانون حماية البيانات، تتمتع بالحقوق التالية فيما يتعلق ببياناتك الشخصية:
الحق في معرفة ما إذا كنا نعالج بياناتك الشخصية،
الحق في طلب المعلومات فيما يتعلق بهذه المعالجة، إذا كنا نعالج بياناتك الشخصية،
الحق في معرفة أغراض المعالجة وما إذا كانت تستخدم لهذا الغرض أم لا؛
الحق في معرفة الأطراف الثالثة داخل الدولة أو خارجها، والتي ننقل إليها بياناتك الشخصية،
الحق في طلب تصحيح البيانات الشخصية الناقصة أو غير الدقيقة،
الحق في طلب حذف أو إتلاف بياناتك الشخصية بموجب الشروط المنصوص عليها في المادة 7 من قانون حماية البيانات،
الحق في طلب إخطارنا للأطراف الثالثة، التي نقلنا إليها بياناتك الشخصية، بتصحيح و/أو حذف و/أو إتلاف بياناتك الشخصية بناءً على طلبك ضمن نطاق البندين المذكورين أعلاه،
الحق في الاعتراض على النتائج السلبية عنك الناتجة عن تحليل بياناتك الشخصية المعالجة بوسائل آلية فقط،
الحق في المطالبة بالتعويض عن الأضرار التي تكبدتها بسبب المعالجة غير القانونية لبياناتك الشخصية.
يمكنك ممارسة حقوقك المدرجة أعلاه من خلال التواصل معنا على: feedback@soulchill.live
سيتم حل الطلبات الموجودة في التماسك في أقرب وقت ممكن وفقاَ لطبيعة طلبك وفي غضون ثلاثين يوماَ على أقصى تقدير بلا عمولة. لكن، إذا كان طلبك ينطوي على تكلفة إضافية لشركتنا، فقد يتم محاسبتك على رسوم التعريفة التي يحددها مجلس حماية البيانات الشخصية التركي.
تعديلات
لا تنطبق الأقسام التالية من السياسة على الأفراد في تركيا:
إذا كنت لا توافق على هذه السياسة، فيرجى عدم استخدام هذه المنصة.
بالوصول إلى أو استخدام المنصة، فإنك تقر بأنك قد قرأت هذه السياسة وأنك تفهم حقوقك فيما يتعلق ببياناتك الشخصية وكيف سنقوم بجمعها ومعالجتها.
المملكة العربية السعودية
أنت توافق على جمع واستخدام والإفصاح عن ونقل وتصدير (بالقدر الذي تسمح به القوانين المطبقة) وتخزين معلوماتك الشخصية كما هو موضح في سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
الكويت
أنت تقر بأن عمرك لا يقل عن 21 عاماَ، أو 18 عاماَ وقد حصلت على موافقة أحد الوالدين/ الوصي، وبالتالي، فأنت قادر قانونياَ على التعاقد بموجب القوانين واللوائح المطبقة في الكويت.
بقبولك لسياسة الخصوصية هذه، فإنك تعلن صراحة أنك تفوضنا بجمع واستخدام وتخزين ومعالجة بياناتك الشخصية والكشف عن هذه البيانات لأطراف ثالثة سواء داخل أو خارج الكويت، بما يتماشى مع أحكام سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
ماليزيا
موافقة الوالدين والوصي
إذا كان عمرك أقل من 18 عاماَ، فالرجاء عدم استخدام المنصة. في حالة موافقتك على سياسة الخصوصية هذه حتى يتمكن قاصر من الوصول إلى المنصة واستخدامها، فإنك توافق بموجبه على توفير المعلومات الشخصية للقاصر لتتم معالجتها وفقاَ لسياسة الخصوصية هذه وأنت تقبل وتوافق شخصياَ على الالتزام بشروط سياسة الخصوصية هذه. كذلك، أنت توافق بموجب هذا على تحمل المسؤولية عن تصرفات هذا القاصر، وامتثال ذلك القاصر لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
حقوقك
حق الوصول: لديك الحق في طلب الوصول الى والحصول على نسخة من معلوماتك الشخصية التي جمعناها والتي تُعالج من قبلنا أو بالنيابة عنا. نحتفظ بحق فرض رسوم لتوفير الوصول إلى معلوماتك الشخصية بالمبالغ المسموح بها بموجب القانون.
عند التعامل مع طلب وصول إلى البيانات، يُسمح لنا بطلب معلومات معينة للتحقق من هوية مقدم الطلب للتأكد من أنه الشخص المخول قانوناَ لتقديم طلب الوصول إلى البيانات.
حق التصحيح: يجوز لك طلب تصحيح معلوماتك الشخصية. عند التعامل مع طلب تصحيح بيانات، يُسمح لنا بطلب معلومات معينة للتحقق من هوية مقدم الطلب للتأكد من أنه الشخص المخول قانوناَ لتقديم طلب تصحيح البيانات.
حق تقييد معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية: يجوز لك طلب تقييد معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية باستخدام تفاصيل الاتصال الواردة أعلاه. لكن، قد يؤثر ذلك على توفيرنا لخدمات الألعاب لك.
التواصل
لحماية معلوماتك الشخصية والتعامل مع الشكاوى المتعلقة بمعلوماتك الشخصية، قمنا بتعيين القسم التالي المسؤول عن إدارة وحماية معلوماتك الشخصية.
يمكنك التواصل معنا عبر
【feedback@soulchill.live】
تايلاند
بقبولك لسياسة الخصوصية هذه، أنت تقر بأنك قد قرأت وفهمت ووافقت على سياسة الخصوصية هذه. إذا كنت لا توافق على سياسة الخصوصية هذه، فيجب عليك عدم استخدام المنصة.
يمكنك أن تطلب منا إيقاف، تقييد استخدام أو توفير، و/أو طلب قابلية نقل البيانات لأي من معلوماتك الشخصية المخزونة من قبلنا، إلى الحد المنصوص عليه في القانون المتعلق بقوانين خصوصية البيانات المطبقة في تايلاند، بما في ذلك قانون حماية البيانات الشخصية التايلاندي. عندما ترغب في تقديم مثل هذه الطلبات، يرجى التواصل معنا على 【feedback@soulchill.live】.
سنرسل لك إشعاراَ بأي تغيير جوهري في سياسة الخصوصية هذه، ونمنحك فرصة لرفض هذه التغييرات، وإلا ستصبح التغييرات سارية كما هو مذكور في الإشعار.
الإمارات العربية المتحدة
إذا كنت تستخدم المنصة في الإمارات العربية المتحدة ("UAE")، تطبق الشروط الإضافية التالية. في حالة نشوء أي تعارض بين سياسة الخصوصية الرئيسية والشروط الإضافية، تسود الشروط التالية:
كيف نشارك بياناتك الشخصية
بالإضافة إلى النص الرئيسي لهذه السياسة، باستخدام المنصة في الإمارات العربية المتحدة، فإنك توافق على شروط سياسة الخصوصية هذه وتوافق على مشاركتنا لبياناتك الشخصية بما يتماشى مع النص الرئيسي لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
القانون الحاكم
باستخدام منصتنا في الإمارات العربية المتحدة، ستخضع سياسة الخصوصية هذه وتفسر وفقاَ لقوانين الإمارات العربية المتحدة.
فيتنام
يتم توفير سياسة الخصوصية هذه باللغة الفيتنامية للمستخدمين الموجودين في فيتنام. في حالة النزاع، ستسود هذه النسخة من سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
بالنسبة للأطفال الذين تقل أعمارهم عن 14 عاماَ، يتطلب إنشاء حساب واستخدام منصتنا إذناَ وإشرافاَ من أحد الوالدين أو الوصي القانوني. إذا كنت تراجع هذه الشروط بصفتك أحد الوالدين/الوصي القانوني لمستخدم يقل عمره عن 14 عاماَ، فإنك تقر بموجبه أن هذا المستخدم يتجاوز سن 14 وأنك قد قرأت وأقررت سياسة الخصوصية وشروط الاستخدام وتوافق على استخدام طفلك للمنصة والتسجيل لحساب.
Privacy Policy
Last
updated
: 2023-1-3
Acco
r
ding to THE
DATA PROTECTION LAWS,
We do not knowingly collect personal information from
MINOR
S
for any purpose. If you believe that we have
COLLECT SUCH
information of
MINOR
without parental or guardian consent, or if you are the parent or guardian of the user and wish to withdraw the consent, please submit your request at【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 and we will delete such information.
Welcome to SoulChill (the “Platform”). This Platform is provided and controlled by SpaceCape Techonology Pte. Ltd. . (“SoulChill”, “we” or “us”). We are committed to protect and respect your privacy. This policy explains our practices concerning the personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. If you do not agree with this policy, you should not use the Platform.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will treat your information before you start to use our Service or communicate with us outside the Platform certain features or functionalities of our Platform may be available via the Platform. This Privacy Policy governs the collection and use of data about you and your use of the Platform. (Although, we may provide additional notice and choice options within the Platform itself.)
By accessing or using our Platform, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy, which may be updated and amended from time to time. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may not access or use the Platform.
1. What information do we collect?
We collect information when you create an account and use the Platform, such as content you create, and your location. We also collect information you share with us from third-party social network providers, and technical and behavioral information about your use of the Platform.
Information you choose to provide
For certain activities, such as when you register, upload content to the Platform, or contact us directly, you may provide some or all of the following information:
Registration information, such as profile image, username, date of birth (where applicable), your current country, age, gender, email address and/or phone number, and your photograph or profile video.
User Content and Behavioural Information, such as preferences you set (such as choice of language),photographs, Snapchat Bitmoji avatar, audios and you upload or create, comments information you disclose in your user profile and livestreams you make with your Album’s permissions, camera's permissions, microphone permissions.
Information from Third Parties, such as a third-party social network account details (e.g., Facebook, Apple, Google,Snapchat) or login service and the information collected from you, and your interaction with the Platform and other third-party sites and Apps.
The camera's permissions, microphone permissions to send pictures, videos, audio messages in the app.
Your opt-in choices and communication preferences.
Payment information, such as Google or Apple payment information
Notification permission in your mobile phone.
Information as your communication/call history and contents or the contact information you send to us when you are contacting us.
Location data
,
including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. With your permission, we may also collect Global Positioning System (GPS) data.
Snapchat Integration.
You may choose to connect to us through Snapchat, and when you do, we may collect additional information from you, such as your display name and Bitmoji, through Snapchat. Please be advised that social media platforms may also collect information from you. We do not have control over the collection, use and sharing practices of social media platforms and encourage you to review their usage and disclosure policies and practices, including the data security practices, before using the social media platforms.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform, including your IP address, location-related data (as described below), unique device identifiers, browsing history (including content you have viewed in the Platform), Cookies (as defined below), your mobile carrier, time zone setting, and mobile or device information including the model of your device, screen resolution, operating system, app and file names and types, and platform.
Device information
The device you are using (such as device model, operating system version, device configuration, device identification, device network information, device environment and other characteristic information of software & hardware).
Technical Information
IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes.
Browsing and search history
We automatically collect your browsing and search history (including content you have viewed in the Platform) from you when you use the Platform.
Cookies
We and our vendors and service providers use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze which web pages you click on and how you use the Platform, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve our services, and provide you with targeted advertising on the Platform and elsewhere across your different devices. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. By using the Platform, you consent to our use of Cookies.
2. How we use your information
We use your information to fulfill and enforce our
Terms of Service
,
to improve and administer the Platform, and to allow you to use its functionalities. We may also use your information to, among other things, show you suggestions, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience.
We generally use the information we collect:
to fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback
to customize the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you liked or interacted with
to improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development
to support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and other users to connect with each other through the Platform
to help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform
to communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services
to enforce our terms, conditions, and policies
for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
to combine all the information we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes
3. How we share your information
We may share your personal data
in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of your country/region,
including without limitation:
Cloud storage providers to store the information you provide and for disaster recovery services, as well as for the performance of any contract we have entered into with you;
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization.
IT service providers that help develop, maintain, secure and optimize thePlatform;
PaymentProviders to facilitate the transactions.
Our data center and the servers of our host providers.
We may share your information with any member or affiliate of our group, which includes our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, and companies that we control, are controlled by or under common control, and our service providers and strategic business partners, and their respective subsidiaries, in each case in or outside your country, for the purposes set out above (“How We Use Your Personal Data”).
We may share your information with law enforcement agencies, public or tax authorities or other organizations if legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation, process or request (including tax and related reporting requirements);
Enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
Detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues;
Protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
If we sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. In any such cases, the third party company or business will adhere to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and where it will result in a change in any of the provisions herein, such changes will be communicated to you and you will be given the chance to consent or opt out at your discretion.
4. Third-Party Providers
You acknowledge and agree that we may process your personal information for the purpose of improving the quality of Services, conducting data and product analysis, planning promotional activities, etc., and may share your personal information to our affiliates and partners or to independent third-party vendors listed below for that purpose.
Such third-party providers may be local operating partners or technical support partners outside your country. After the cooperation terminated, they will be denied access to all of our information, including the information to which they previously had access. We promise not to provide, sell, rent, share, or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless we have your prior consent.
Besides, to provide you with social features, diversify or otherwise improve our Services, we may also provide third-party features or contents in our Services. Some of third-party services being linked to or embedded in Service (such as Social Media Platforms, third-party payment platforms, Fraud-Detection Service Provider, Anti-Crack and Anti-Cheat Service Provider, Social sharing Tools Provider, Customer Support Partner, etc.) may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other tracking technologies to collect or receive data about you according to their own Privacy Policy, and we do not control the information that these third parties collect or how they use that information. We strongly encourage you to check their own Privacy Policies on their official websites and learn more about their data processing practices. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you discover that any third party collects or processes your personal information illegally or in a manner which worries you, you are encouraged to contact us, and we will make reasonable efforts to help you. Main third-party vendors linked to our Services which may collect your Personal Information and links to their Privacy Policy are as follows (the specific list of Third-party vendors linked with each of our Service may vary):
Third-Party Services
Purpose/Function of these Third-Party Services
Data they collect
Links to their Privacy Policy
checkout
online payments
First and last name; PaymentMethod details;Card Expiration Date
https://www.checkout.com/legal/privacy-policy
stripe
online payments
CVCcode, date/time/amount of transaction,IP address/location, payment card details
https://stripe.com/zh-cn-hk/privacy
dlocal
payout service
First and last name, orderID,banking information(bank name,bankcode, bank fulladdress,bank accountnumber,account type)，phone number
https://dlocal.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Appsflyer
attribution and marketing analytics services
Technical Information, Technical Identifiers，Engagement Information
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Airwallex
payout service
First and last name, address，postcode，bank information (bank name, bank account number, bank code)
https://www.airwallex.com/terms/privacy-policy
Firebase
Statistical analysis
Device Information, Device Identifiers
https://policies.google.com/u/1/privacy
growingio
Statistical analysis
Device Information, Device Identifiers
https://www.growingio.com/privacy.html
shuzilm
Safety and risk control
Device Information, Device Identifiers
https://www.shuzilm.cn/privacy.html
5. Your Rights
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for login informationin a browser and to opt out of login information for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
If you have registered for an account you may access, review, and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your account and using available features and functionalities.
If you want to view, modify, or delete your data, please check the personal page to edit.
You also have the right to have your personal data deleted, object how we use or share your personal data, and restrict how we use or share your personal data. You can always withdraw your consent，for example by turning off notification permission information functionality in your mobile device settings if you do not wish to accept our information.
You may submit a request to access or delete the information we have collected about you by sending your request to us at the email provided in the Contact section at the bottom of this policy. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. You can exercise your rights by contacting us at feedback@soulchill.live
If you don't want to use the location function, you can turn it off on the system settings page. After turning off location function we will not be able to match the apposite playmate for you based on location information.
6. Data S
t
orage
The information we collect from you may be stored outside of the country where you live, such as the United States, Singapore. We maintain major servers around the world to bring you our services globally and continuously. And you are aware and agree that your personal data may be transferred to, stored in, and processed by affiliated companies, subcontractors and/or partners, located in third countries/outside the country where you live or work. we will take steps according to applicable laws and regulations in your country to ensure that your personal data is adequately protected within the data process location.
7. Security
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we will protect your personal data, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the Platform are no risk，this is why we need you to strictly adhere to the agreements and guidelines in documents such as our privacy policy, and we will work together to keep your personal information as secure as possible.
We have put in place appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of you and other users. We maintain these technical and organizational measures and will amend them from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems.
We will, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any information to these websites.
8. Data Retention
We retain your data for necessary to provide you with the service. However, there are occasions where we are likely to keep this data for longer in accordance with our legal obligations or where it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
After you have terminated your use of our Platform, we store your information in an aggregated and anonymised format.
9. Minor
The Platform otherwise is not directed at minors. Minors must not use the Platform for any purpose, except where their parent or guardian has provided consent. By minors, we mean users under the age of 18 years old; or in the case of a region where the minimum age for processing personal information differs, such different age. For users located in certain regions we have listed the minimum relevant age in the table below.
Region in which the user is located
Minimum age of the user
Algeria
19
Cambodia
18
Egypt
18
European Economic Area/Switzerland
16
Hong Kong
18
India
18
Indonesia
21
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
18
Kuwait
21
Macau
18
Malaysia
18
Mexico
18
Morocco
18
Myanmar
18
New Zealand
16
Nigeria
13
Philippines
18
Qatar
18
Singapore
13
South Africa
18
Sri Lanka
18
Thailand
20
Tunisia
18
Turkey
18
United Arab Emirates
21
United Kingdom
13
United States
13
Vietnam
14
We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors under these ages for any purpose. If you believe that we have personal information of a minor under these ages without parental or guardian consent, or if you are the parent or guardian of the user and wish to withdraw the consent, please submit your request at【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 and we will delete such information.
10. Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy and providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Platform to stay informed of our privacy practices. By accessing or using the Platform, you acknowledge that you have read this policy and that you understand your rights in relation to your personal data and how we will collect, use and process it. If major updates are involved, we will notify you in advance.
11. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to:
Email Address:feedback@soulchill.live
Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific
In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the services, and the rest of policy, the relevant jurisdictions’ Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific will supersede and control.
Algeria
By using the Pplatform, you give us your consent for the collection, storage, treatment and use of your personal information, and transfer of your personal information to a third party (such as local cloud providers to back up your data as described in the Privacy Policy) where it is manually and electronically treated.
B
razil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
Parental and Guardian Consent. If required by Brazilian data protection laws, if you are over the age of 16 but under the age of 18, you can only use and register for an account with the assistance of your parent or legal guardian and you declare and represent that you had such assistance to use the Services and to agree to the Policy.
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
portability of personal data to a third party;
object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
Contact: In case of doubt about your privacy, your rights or how to exercise them, please contact us at: [feedback@soulchill.live]. If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, we would like to clarify them.
DPO: If you wish to reach the Data Protection Officer, contact us at: feedback@soulchill.live
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for, at least, 6 months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
Egypt
This privacy policy is provided in Arabic for users located in Egypt. In case of dispute, the Arabic version of this privacy policy shall prevail.
If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 18 and that you have read and acknowledged Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
By clicking the button to proceed or by proceeding with the sign up process, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and consented to this privacy policy. If you do not consent to this privacy policy, you must not use the Platform.
You are acknowledging your consent to the processing, storage, and cross-border transfer of your personal data. The cross border transfer may be to any country in which we have databases or affiliates.
You also acknowledge your consent to receiving marketing messages from us.
As an Egyptian data subject, you have certain rights under the Egyptian Personal Data Protection Law.
Turkey
If you are using our services in Turkey, the following additional terms apply along with the contents of the foregoing Policy. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail.
Data Controller Representative. You may contact our data controller representative in Turkey by email or mail to handle questions and complaints in connection with the processing of your personal data if you are in Turkey.
feedback@soulchill.live
Hürriyet, Dr. Cemil Bengü Cd. NO:4 KOLEKTİF HOUSE MİNT METRO. 302 ODA/KAĞITHANE/İSTANBUL
Legal bases for the processing your personal data.
We rely on the following legal bases while processing your personal data in accordance with Article 5 of the Law No. 6698 on Protection of Personal Data:
processing is explicitly laid down or dictated by laws
processing of your personal data is necessary provided that it is directly related to the conclusion or fulfilment of the contract between us
processing is mandatory for us to be able to comply with our legal obligations
the relevant data is made available to the public by yourself
processing is mandatory for the establishment, exercise or protection of a right
processing is mandatory for our legitimate interests, provided that it does not violate your fundamental rights and freedoms
your explicit consent (Please note that we rely on this legal basis only when we require your consent for the processing and we do not rely on this legal basis if and when we rely on one of the other legal grounds above)
Your rights.
According to Article 11 of the Data Protection Law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
the right to learn whether we process your personal data,
the right to request information with regard to such processing, if we process your personal data,
the right to learn the purposes of the processing and whether they are used for such purpose or not;
the right to know the third parties within or outside the country, to whom we transfer your personal data,
the right to request correction of incomplete or inaccurate personal data,
the right to request deletion or destruction of your personal data under the conditions set forth in Article 7 of the Data Protection Law,
the right to request that we notify the third parties, to whom we transferred your personal data, about the correction, deletion and/or destruction of your personal data per your request within the scope of the foregoing two items,
the right to object to the negative results about you that are due to the analysis of your personal data processed solely by automated means,
the right to claim indemnification for damages incurred due to illegal processing of your personal data.
You may exercise your rights listed above by contact us at: feedback@soulchill.live
The requests found in your application will be resolved as soon as possible according to the nature of your request and within thirty days at the latest free of charge. However, if your request incurs additional cost to our company, then you may be charged over the tariff fee determined by the Turkish Personal Data Protection Board.
Amendments.
The following sections of the Policy do not apply to individuals in Turkey:
If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this Platform.
By accessing or using the Platform, you acknowledge that you have read this policy and that you understand your rights in relation to your personal data and how we will collect and process it.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
You consent to the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, export (to the extent permitted by applicable laws) and storage of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
Kuwait
You represent that you are at least 21 years old, or 18 years old and have obtained parental/guardian consent and, therefore, legally capable of contracting under the applicable laws and regulations in Kuwait.
By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly state that you authorise us to collect, use, store, and process your personal data and to disclose this data to third parties whether inside or outside of Kuwait, in line with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Malaysia
Parental and Guardian Consent
If you are under the age of 18, please do not use the Platform.In the event you are agreeing to this privacy policy in order for a minor to access and use the Platform, you hereby consent to the provision of personal information of the minor to be processed in accordance with this privacy policy and you personally accept and agree to be bound by the terms in this privacy policy. Further, you hereby agree to take responsibility for the actions of such minor, and that minor’s compliance with this privacy policy.
Your Rights
Right of access: You have the right to request access to and obtain a copy of your personal information that we have collected and is being processed by or on behalf of us. We reserve the right to impose a fee for providing access to your personal information in the amounts as permitted under law.
When handling a data access request, we are permitted to request for certain information to verify the identity of the requestor to ensure that he/she is the person legally entitled to make the data access request.
Right of correction: You may request for the correction of your personal information. When handling a data correction request, we are permitted to request for certain information to verify the identity of the requestor to ensure that he/she is the person legally entitled to make the data correction request.
Right to limit processing of your personal information: You may request to limit the processing of your personal information by using the contact details provided above. However this may affect our provision of the Game Services to you.
Contact
To protect your personal information and handle complaints relating to your personal information, we have appointed the following department responsible for managing and protecting your personal information.
You can connect with us
via【feedback@soulchill.live】
Thailand
By accepting this privacy policy, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you must not use the Platform.
You may request us to discontinue, to restrict the use or provision of, and/or to request for data portability of any and all of your personal information which is stored by us, to the extent provided by the Act on the applicable data privacy laws and regulations in Thailand, including the Thai Personal Data Protection Act. When you wish to make such requests, please contact us at
【feedback@soulchill.live】
.
We will give you notice of any material changes to this privacy policy, and give you an opportunity to reject such changes, failing which the changes will become effective as stated in the notice.
United Arab Emirates
If you are using the Platform in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
How we share your personal data
In addition to the main text of this policy, by using the Platform in the UAE you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to our sharing of your personal data in line with the main text of this Privacy Policy.
Governing law
By using our Platform in the UAE, this Privacy Policy will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the UAE.
V
itenam
This privacy policy is provided in Vietnamese for users located in Virenam. In case of dispute, this version of this privacy policy shall prevail.
For children under the age of 14 who creating an account and using our Platform requires the permisssion and supervision of parent or legal guardian. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 14, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 14 and that you have read and acknowledged Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
سياسة الخصوصية
آخر
تحديث: 3-1-2023
وفقاَ لقوانين حماية البيانات،
نحن لا نجمع معلومات شخصية من القاصرين عن قصد لأي غرض من الأغراض. إذا كنت تعتقد أننا جمعنا مثل هذه المعلومات الخاصة بقاصر دون موافقة الوالدين أو الوصي، أو إذا كنت أحد الوالدين أو الوصي على المستخدم وترغب في سحب الموافقة، فيرجى إرسال طلبك على【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 وسنقوم بحذف هذه المعلومات
مرحباً بك في SoulChill (ال"منصة"). يتم توفير هذه المنصة والتحكم بها من قبل SpaceCape Techonology Pte.  Ltd. ("SoulChill"، أو "نحن"). نحن ملتزمون بحماية خصوصيتك واحترامها. تشرح هذه السياسة ممارساتنا المتعلقة بالبيانات الشخصية التي نجمعها منك أو التي تقدمها لنا. إذا كنت لا توافق على هذه السياسة، فلا يجوز لك استخدام المنصة.
يرجى قراءة سياسة الخصوصية هذه بعناية لفهم كيفية تعاملنا مع معلوماتك قبل البدء في استخدام خدمتنا أو التواصل معنا خارج المنصة، قد تتوفر بعض ميزات أو وظائف منصتنا عبر المنصة. تحكم سياسة الخصوصية هذه جمع واستخدام البيانات المتعلقة بك وباستخدامك للمنصة. (لكننا قد نقدم إشعاراَ إضافياَ وخيارات مختارة داخل المنصة نفسها.)
بالوصول إلى أو استخدام منصتنا، فإنك تقبل وتوافق على الممارسات الموضحة في سياسة الخصوصية هذه، والتي قد يتم تحديثها وتعديلها من وقت الى آخر. إذا كنت لا توافق على شروط سياسة الخصوصية هذه، فلا يجوز لك الوصول إلى أو استخدام المنصة.
1. ما هي المعلومات التي نجمعها؟
نجمع المعلومات عندما تنشئ حساباَ وتستخدم المنصة، كالمحتوى الذي تنشئه وموقعك الجغرافي. نقوم أيضاَ بجمع المعلومات التي تشاركها معنا من موفري الشبكات الاجتماعية التابعين لأطراف ثالثة، والمعلومات التقنية والسلوكية حول استخدامك للمنصة.
المعلومات التي تختار تقديمها
بالنسبة لبعض الأنشطة، مثل عند التسجيل أو تحميل المحتوى الى المنصة أو الاتصال بنا مباشرة، يمكنك تقديم بعض أو كل المعلومات التالية:
معلومات التسجيل، كصورة الملف الشخصي واسم المستخدم وتاريخ الميلاد (عند الاقتضاء) وبلدك الحالي وعمرك وجنسك وعنوان بريدك الإلكتروني و/أو رقم هاتفك وصورتك أو فيديو ملفك الشخصي.
محتوى المستخدم والمعلومات السلوكية، كالتفضيلات التي تحددها (كاختيار اللغة)، والصور الفوتوغرافية، وآفاتار Snapchat Bitmoji، والتسجيلات الصوتية التي تحملها أو تنشئها، والتعليقات والمعلومات التي تكشف عنها في ملف تعريف المستخدم الخاص بك وعمليات البث المباشر التي تقوم بها، باستخدام أذونات الألبوم وأذونات الكاميرا وأذونات الميكروفون.
معلومات من أطراف ثالثة، كتفاصيل حساب شبكة اجتماعية لطرف ثالث (مثل Facebook و Apple و Google و Snapchat) أو خدمة تسجيل الدخول والمعلومات التي تم جمعها منك ومن تفاعلك مع المنصة ومواقع وتطبيقات الأطراف الثالثة الأخرى.
أذونات الكاميرا وأذونات الميكروفون لإرسال الصور ومقاطع الفيديو والرسائل الصوتية في التطبيق.
اختيارات الاشتراك وتفضيلات التواصل الخاصة بك.
معلومات الدفع، كمعلومات الدفع الخاصة بـ Google أو Apple
إذن الإشعار في هاتفك المحمول.
المعلومات مثل تاريخ التواصل/المكالمات والمحتويات أو معلومات التواصل التي ترسلها لنا عندما تتواصل معنا.
بيانات الموقع
، بما في ذلك معلومات الموقع بناءً على بطاقة SIM و/أو عنوان IP. بعد إذن منك، قد نقوم أيضاَ بجمع بيانات نظام تحديد المواقع العالمي (GPS).
تكامل
Snapchat
.
يمكنك اختيار الاتصال بنا من خلال Snapchat، وعندما تفعل ذلك، قد نجمع معلومات إضافية منك، مثل اسم العرض و Bitmoji الخاص بك، من خلال Snapchat. يرجى العلم بأن منصات وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي قد تقوم بجمع معلومات منك أيضاَ. نحن لا نتحكم بممارسات جمع واستخدام ومشاركة منصات التواصل الاجتماعي ونشجعك على مراجعة سياسات وممارسات الاستخدام والإفصاح الخاصة بهم، بما في ذلك ممارسات أمان البيانات، قبل استخدام منصات التواصل الاجتماعي.
المعلومات التي نجمعها تلقائياَ
نقوم بجمع معلومات معينة منك تلقائياَ عند استخدامك للمنصة، بما في ذلك عنوان IP الخاص بك، والبيانات المتعلقة بالموقع (كما هو موضح أدناه)، ومعرفات الجهاز الفريدة، وسجل التصفح (بما في ذلك المحتوى الذي شاهدته في المنصة)، وملفات تعريف الارتباط (الكوكيز) (على النحو المحدد أدناه)، ومشغل شبكة الهاتف المحمول، وإعداد المنطقة الزمنية، ومعلومات الهاتف المحمول أو الجهاز بما في ذلك طراز جهازك ودقة الشاشة ونظام التشغيل وأسماء وأنواع ومنصات التطبيقات والملفات.
معلومات الجهاز
الجهاز الذي تستخدمه (كطراز الجهاز وإصدار نظام التشغيل وتشكيل الجهاز وتعريف الجهاز ومعلومات شبكة الجهاز وبيئة الجهاز والمعلومات الأخرى المميزة للبرامج والأجهزة).
المعلومات التقنية
عنوان IP ووكيل المستخدم ومشغل شبكة الهاتف المحمول وإعدادات المنطقة الزمنية والمعرفات لأغراض الدعاية.
سجل التصفح والبحث
نقوم بجمع سجل التصفح والبحث (بما في ذلك المحتوى الذي شاهدته في المنصة) منك تلقائياَ عند استخدامك للمنصة.
ملفات تعريف الارتباط (الكوكيز)
نستخدم نحن وموردونا ومقدمو الخدمات ملفات تعريف الارتباط والتقنيات المشابهة الأخرى (مثل إشارات الويب وملفات تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بفلاش وما إلى ذلك) ("كوكيز") لجمع المعلومات تلقائياَ وقياس وتحليل صفحات الويب التي تنقر عليها وكيفية استخدامك للمنصة، وتحسين خدماتنا، وتزويدك بالإعلانات المستهدفة على المنصة وفي أي مكان آخر عبر أجهزتك المختلفة. ملفات تعريف الارتباط هي ملفات صغيرة، عند وضعها على جهازك، تمكّن المنصة من توفير ميزات ووظائف معينة. إشارات الويب عبارة عن صور صغيرة جداَ أو أجزاء صغيرة من البيانات المضمنة في الصور، والمعروفة أيضاَ باسم "علامات البكسل" أو "ملفات GIF الشفافة"، والتي يمكنها التعرف على ملفات تعريف الارتباط، ووقت وتاريخ عرض الصفحة، ووصف للصفحة التي تحتوي علامة البكسل، ومعلومات مشابهة من جهاز الكمبيوتر أو جهازك الخاص. باستخدامك للمنصة، فإنك توافق على استخدامنا لملفات تعريف الارتباط (الكوكيز).
2. كيف نستخدم معلوماتك
نستخدم معلوماتك لأداء وإنفاذ
شروط الخدمة
الخاصة بنا، ولتحسين وإدارة المنصة، وللسماح لك باستخدام وظائفها. قد نستخدم معلوماتك أيضاَ، من بين أمور أخرى، لعرض اقتراحات لك والترويج للمنصة وتخصيص تجربتك الإعلانية.
نستخدم المعلومات التي نجمعها بشكل عام:
لتلبية طلبات المنتجات والخدمات ووظائف المنصة والدعم والمعلومات للعمليات الداخلية، بما في ذلك استكشاف الأخطاء وإصلاحها وتحليل البيانات والاختبار والبحث والأغراض الإحصائية والاستقصائية والتماس ملاحظاتك
لتخصيص المحتوى الذي تراه عند استخدام المنصة. على سبيل المثال، قد نوفر لك خدمات بناءً على إعدادات الدولة التي اخترتها أو نعرض لك محتوى مشابهاَ للمحتوى الذي أعجبك أو تفاعلت معه
لتحسين منصتنا وتطويرها والقيام بتطوير المنتجات
لدعم وظائف المنصة الاجتماعية، بما في ذلك السماح لك وللمستخدمين الآخرين بالتواصل مع بعضهم البعض من خلال المنصة
لمساعدتنا في اكتشاف إساءة الاستخدام والاحتيال والنشاط غير القانوني على المنصة
للتواصل معك، بما في ذلك إخطارك بالتغييرات في خدماتنا
لإنفاذ الشروط والأحكام والسياسات الخاصة بنا
لأي أغراض أخرى يتم الكشف عنها لك في حين جمع معلوماتك أو بناءً على موافقتك.
لدمج جميع المعلومات التي نجمعها أو نتلقاها عنك لأي من الأغراض المذكورة أعلاه
3. كيف نشارك معلوماتك
يجوز لنا مشاركة بياناتك الشخصية وفقاَ للقوانين واللوائح المعنية في بلدك/منطقتك، بما في ذلك على سبيل المثال لا الحصر:
مزودو التخزين السحابي لتخزين المعلومات التي تقدمها وخدمات التعافي من الكوارث، وكذلك لأداء أي عقد أبرمناه معك؛
مزودو التحليلات ومحركات البحث الذين يساعدوننا في التحسين والاستمثال.
مزودو خدمات تكنولوجيا المعلومات الذين يساعدون في تطوير وصيانة وتأمين واستمثال المنصة؛
مزودو الدفع لتسهيل المعاملات.
مركز البيانات لدينا وخوادم مزودي خدمات الاستضافة لدينا.
يجوز لنا مشاركة معلوماتك مع أي عضو أو شركة تابعة الى مجموعتنا، والتي تشمل شركاتنا الفرعية، وشركتنا القابضة النهائية وشركاتها الفرعية، والشركات التي نتحكم فيها أو التي تتحكم بنا أو تحت تحكم مشترك، ومقدمي الخدمات وشركاء الأعمال الاستراتيجيين لدينا، وشركاتهم الفرعية، في كل حالة داخل أو خارج بلدك، للأغراض المبينة أعلاه ("كيف نستخدم بياناتك الشخصية").
يجوز لنا مشاركة معلوماتك مع وكالات إنفاذ القانون أو السلطات العامة أو سلطات الضرائب أو منظمات أخرى إذا كان وجب علينا القيام بذلك قانونياَ، أو إذا كان لدينا اعتقاد حسن النية أن هذا الاستخدام ضروري بشكل معقول من أجل:
الامتثال لالتزام أو عملية أو طلب قانوني (بما في ذلك الضرائب ومتطلبات إعداد التقارير ذات الصلة)؛
إنفاذ شروط الخدمة والاتفاقيات والسياسات والمعايير الأخرى الخاصة بنا، بما في ذلك التحقيق في أي انتهاك محتمل لها؛
كشف أو منع أو معالجة المشاكل الأمنية أو الاحتيال أو المشاكل التقنية؛
حماية حقوق أو ممتلكات أو سلامتنا أو مستخدمينا أو طرف ثالث أو الجمهور كما يقتضي أو يسمح القانون (بما في ذلك تبادل المعلومات مع الشركات والمؤسسات الأخرى لأغراض الحماية من الاحتيال والحد من مخاطر الائتمان).
ويجوز لنا أيضاَ كشف معلوماتك لأطراف الثالثة:
في حالة بيع أو شراء أي أعمال أو أصول، في هذه الحالة يجوز لنا الكشف عن بياناتك للبائع أو المشتري المحتمل لهذه الأعمال أو الأصول؛ أو
إذا قمنا ببيع أو شراء أو دمج أو شراكة مع شركات أو مشاريع أخرى، أو بيع بعض أو كل أصولنا. في مثل هذه المعاملات، قد تكون معلومات المستخدمين من بين الأصول المنقولة. في مثل هذه الحالات، ستلتزم الشركة أو المشروع التابع لطرف ثالث بأحكام سياسة الخصوصية هذه، وإذا كان سينتج عن ذلك تغيير في أي من الأحكام الواردة هنا، فسيتم إبلاغك بهذه التغييرات وتتاح لك الفرصة الموافقة أو الانسحاب حسب تقديرك.
4. مزودو الخدمات من الأطراف الثالثة
أنت تقر وتوافق على أنه يجوز لنا معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية لغرض تحسين جودة الخدمات، وإجراء تحليل للبيانات والمنتجات، والتخطيط للأنشطة الترويجية، وما إلى ذلك، ويجوز لنا أن نشارك معلوماتك الشخصية مع الشركات التابعة لنا وشركائنا أو البائعين الخارجيين المستقلين المدرجين أدناه لهذا الغرض.
قد يكون مزودو الطرف الثالث هؤلاء شركاء تشغيل محليين أو شركاء دعم تقني خارج بلدك. بعد إنهاء التعاون، سيتم حرمانهم من الوصول إلى جميع معلوماتنا، بما في ذلك المعلومات التي تمكنوا من الوصول إليها سابقاَ. نتعهد بعدم تقديم معلوماتك الشخصية أو بيعها أو تأجيرها أو مشاركتها أو تداولها مع أي طرف ثالث غير ذو صلة، ما لم نحصل على موافقتك المسبقة.
بالإضافة الى ذلك، لتزويدك بميزات اجتماعية، أو تنويع خدماتنا أو تحسينها بطريقة أخرى، قد نوفر أيضاَ ميزات أو محتويات تابعة لأطراف ثالثة في خدماتنا. قد تستخدم بعض خدمات الأطراف الثالثة التي يتم ربطها أو تضمينها في الخدمة (مثل منصات التواصل الاجتماعي، ومنصات الدفع التابعة لأطراف ثالثة، ومزود خدمة كشف الاحتيال، ومزود خدمة مكافحة كسر الحماية ومكافحة الغش، وموفر أدوات المشاركة الاجتماعية، وشريك دعم العملاء، وما إلى ذلك) ملفات تعريف الارتباط و/أو إشارات الويب و/أو تقنيات تتبع أخرى لجمع أو تلقي بيانات عنك وفقاَ لسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بهم، ونحن لا نتحكم في المعلومات التي تجمعها هذه الأطراف الثالثة أو كيفية استخدامهم لتلك المعلومات. نحن نحثك بشدة على التحقق من سياسات الخصوصية الخاصة بهم على مواقعهم الرسمية ومعرفة المزيد حول ممارسات معالجة البيانات الخاصة بهم. بالرغم من المذكور أعلاه، إذا اكتشفت أن أي طرف ثالث يقوم بجمع أو معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية بشكل غير قانوني أو بطريقة تثير قلقك، فنحن نحثك على الاتصال بنا وسنبذل جهوداَ معقولة لمساعدتك. البائعون الرئيسيون من الأطراف الثالثة المرتبطون بخدماتنا والذين قد يجمعون معلوماتك الشخصية وروابط لسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بهم هم كما يلي (قد تختلف القائمة المحددة للبائعي التابعين لطرف ثالث المرتبطين بكل خدمة من خدماتنا):
خدمات الأطراف الثالثة
الغرض/وظيفة خدمات الأطراف الثالثة هذه
البيانات التي يجمعونها
روابط سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بهم
checkout
الدفع عبر الإنترنت
الاسم الأول والاسم الأخير؛ تفاصيل طريقة الدفع؛ تاريخ انتهاء صلاحية البطاقة
https://www.checkout.com/legal/privacy-policy
stripe
الدفع عبر الإنترنت
رمز CVC، تاريخ/وقت/مبلغ المعاملة، عنوان IP/الموقع الجغرافي، تفاصيل بطاقة الدفع
https://stripe.com/zh-cn-hk/privacy
dlocal
خدمة سحب الأموال
الاسم الأول والأخير، معرف الطلب، المعلومات المصرفية (اسم البنك، رمز البنك، العنوان الكامل للبنك، رقم الحساب المصرفي، نوع الحساب)، رقم الهاتف
https://dlocal.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Appsflyer
خدمات الإسناد وتحليلات التسويق
المعلومات التقنية، المعرفات التقنية، معلومات المشاركة
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Airwallex
خدمة سحب الأموال
الاسم الأول والأخير، العنوان، الرمز البريدي، معلومات البنك (اسم البنك، رقم الحساب المصرفي، رمز البنك)
https://www.airwallex.com/terms/privacy-policy
Firebase
التحليل الإحصائي
معلومات الجهاز, معرفات الجهاز
https://policies.google.com/u/1/privacy
growingio
التحليل الإحصائي
معلومات الجهاز, معرفات الجهاز
https://www.growingio.com/privacy.html
shuzilm
مراقبة السلامة والمخاطر
معلومات الجهاز, معرفات الجهاز
https://www.shuzilm.cn/privacy.html
5. حقوقك
قد تتمكن من رفض ملفات تعريف الارتباط أو تعطيلها من خلال ضبط إعدادات متصفحك. نظراَ لاختلاف كل متصفح، يرجى الرجوع إلى الإرشادات التي يوفرها متصفحك. يرجى ملاحظة أنك قد تحتاج إلى اتخاذ خطوات إضافية لرفض أو تعطيل أنواع معينة من ملفات تعريف الارتباط. كمثال، نظراَ للاختلافات في كيفية عمل المتصفحات وتطبيقات الهواتف المحمولة، فقد تحتاج إلى اتخاذ خطوات مختلفة لإلغاء الاشتراك في ملفات تعريف الارتباط المستخدمة لمعلومات تسجيل الدخول في المتصفح ولإلغاء الاشتراك في معلومات تسجيل الدخول لتطبيق الهاتف المحمول، والذي يمكنك التحكم به من خلال إعدادات جهازك أو أذونات تطبيقات الهاتف المحمول. بالإضافة إلى ذلك، يكون اختيار إلغاء الاشتراك خاصاَ بالمتصفح أو الجهاز المعين الذي تستخدمه عند إلغاء الاشتراك، لذلك قد تحتاج إلى إلغاء الاشتراك بشكل منفصل لكل متصفح أو جهاز. إذا اخترت رفض أو تعطيل أو حذف ملفات تعريف الارتباط، فقد تكون بعض وظائف النظام الأساسي غير متاحة لك.
إذا قمت بالتسجيل للحصول على حساب، فيمكنك الوصول إلى بعض المعلومات الشخصية التي قدمتها لنا ومراجعتها وتحديثها عن طريق تسجيل الدخول إلى حسابك واستخدام الميزات والوظائف المتاحة.
إذا أردت عرض أو تغيير أو حذف بياناتك، فيرجى مراجعة الصفحة الشخصية لتعديلها.
لديك أيضاَ الحق في حذف بياناتك الشخصية، والاعتراض على كيفية استخدامنا لها أو مشاركتها، وتقييد كيفية استخدامنا لها أو مشاركتها. يمكنك دائماَ سحب موافقتك، على سبيل المثال عن طريق إيقاف تشغيل وظيفة إذن الإشعار بالمعلومات في إعدادات جهازك المحمول إذا كنت لا ترغب في قبول معلوماتنا.
يمكنك إرسال طلب للوصول إلى المعلومات التي جمعناها عنك أو حذفها عن طريق إرسال طلبك إلينا على البريد الإلكتروني المقدم في قسم التواصل في الجزء السفلي من هذه السياسة. سنرد على طلبك بما يتوافق مع القانون المطبق ويخضع للتحقق المناسب. يمكنك ممارسة حقوقك من خلال التواصل معنا على
feedback@soulchill.live
إذا كنت لا تريد استخدام وظيفة الموقع، فيمكنك إيقافها في صفحة إعدادات النظام. بعد إيقاف وظيفة الموقع، لن نتمكن من مطابقة زميل اللعب المناسب لك بناءً على معلومات الموقع.
6. تخزين البيانات
قد يتم تخزين المعلومات التي نجمعها منك خارج البلد الذي تعيش فيه، كالولايات المتحدة وسنغافورة. نحتفظ بخوادم رئيسية في جميع أنحاء العالم لنقدم لك خدماتنا عالمياَ وباستمرار. وأنت تدرك وتوافق على أنه يجوز نقل بياناتك الشخصية وتخزينها ومعالجتها من قبل الشركات التابعة و/أو المقاولين من الباطن و/أو الشركاء الموجودين في بلدان ثالثة/خارج البلد الذي تعيش أو تعمل فيه. سنتخذ خطوات وفقاَ للقوانين واللوائح المطبقة في بلدك لضمان حماية بياناتك الشخصية بشكل كافٍ داخل موقع معالجة البيانات.
7. الأمان
نستخدم تدابير معقولة للمساعدة في حماية المعلومات من الضياع والسرقة وإساءة الاستعمال والوصول غير المصرح به والكشف والتغيير والتدمير. ينبغي عليك أن تفهم أنه لا يمكن ضمان أمن أي نظام لتخزين البيانات أو نقل البيانات عبر الإنترنت أو أي شبكة عامة أخرى بنسبة 100%. على الرغم من أننا سنحمي بياناتك الشخصية، على سبيل المثال، عن طريق التشفير، لا يمكننا ضمان أن أمان معلوماتك المنقولة عبر المنصة ليست مخاطرة، ولهذا السبب نحتاج منك التقيد الصارم بالاتفاقيات والإرشادات الواردة في المستندات كسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا، وسنعمل معاَ للحفاظ على أمان معلوماتك الشخصية قدر الإمكان.
لقد وضعنا تدابير تقنية وتنظيمية مناسبة لضمان مستوى أمان مناسب لمخاطر متباينة الاحتمالية والشدة فيما يتعلق بحقوق وحرياتك والمستخدمين الآخرين. نحافظ على هذه التدابير الفنية والتنظيمية وسنقوم بتعديلها من وقت الى آخر لتعزيز الأمان العام لأنظمتنا.
سنقوم، من وقت الى آخر، بتضمين روابط من وإلى مواقع شبكات شركائنا والمعلنين والشركات التابعة لنا. إذا اتبعت رابطاَ لأي من هذه المواقع، فيرجى ملاحظة أن هذه المواقع لها سياسات خصوصية خاصة بها وأننا لا نتحمل أي مسؤولية أو التزام تجاه هذه السياسات. يرجى التحقق من هذه السياسات قبل تقديم أي معلومات إلى هذه المواقع.
8. الاحتفاظ بالبيانات
نحتفظ ببياناتك طالما كان ذلك ضرورياَ لتزويدك بالخدمة. ولكن، هناك حالات من المحتمل أن نحتفظ فيها بهذه البيانات لفترة أطول وفقاَ لالتزاماتنا القانونية أو عندما يكون ذلك ضرورياَ لإنشاء الدعاوى القانونية أو ممارستها أو الدفاع عنها.
بعد إنهاء استخدامك لمنصتنا، نقوم بتخزين معلوماتك بشكل مجمع ومجهول المصدر.
9. القاصر
المنصة غير موجهة للقاصرين بأي شكل. يجب ألا يستخدم القاصرون المنصة لأي غرض، باستثناء ما إذا كان أحد الوالدين أو الوصي قد قدم الموافقة على ذلك. نعني بالقاصرين المستخدمين الذين تقل أعمارهم عن 18 عاماَ؛ أو في حالة منطقة يختلف فيها الحد الأدنى لسن معالجة المعلومات الشخصية، هذا العمر المختلف. بالنسبة للمستخدمين الموجودين في مناطق معينة، قمنا بإدراج الحد الأدنى للعمر ذي الصلة في الجدول أدناه.
المنطقة التي يقع فيها المستخدم
الحد الأدنى لعمر المستخدم
الجزائر
19
كمبوديا
18
مصر
18
المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية/سويسرا
16
هونغ كونغ
18
الهند
18
إندونيسيا
21
المملكة العربية السعودية
18
الكويت
21
ماكاو
18
ماليزيا
18
المكسيك
18
المغرب
18
ميانمار
18
نيوزيلندا
16
نيجيريا
13
الفلبين
18
قطر
18
سنغافورة
13
جنوب أفريقيا
18
سريلانكا
18
تايلاند
20
تونس
18
تركيا
18
الإمارات العربية المتحدة
21
المملكة المتحدة
13
الولايات المتحدة
13
فيتنام
14
نحن لا نجمع معلومات شخصية من القاصرين تحت هذه الأعمار عن قصد لأي غرض من الأغراض. إذا كنت تعتقد أن لدينا معلومات شخصية عن قاصر دون هذه الأعمار بلا موافقة الوالدين أو الوصي، أو إذا كنت أحد الوالدين أو الوصي على المستخدم وترغب في سحب الموافقة، فيرجى إرسال طلبك على【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 وسنقوم بحذف هذه المعلومات.
10. التغييرات
قد نقوم بتحديث سياسة الخصوصية هذه من وقت الى آخر. عندما نحدث سياسة الخصوصية، سنخطرك بتحديث تاريخ "آخر تحديث" في الجزء العلوي من هذه السياسة ونشر سياسة الخصوصية الجديدة وتقديم أي إشعار آخر يتطلبه القانون المطبق. نوصيك بمراجعة سياسة الخصوصية في كل مرة تزور فيها المنصة للبقاء على اطلاع بممارسات الخصوصية الخاصة بنا. بالوصول إلى أو استخدام المنصة، فإنك تقر بأنك قد قرأت هذه السياسة وأنك تفهم حقوقك فيما يتعلق ببياناتك الشخصية وكيف سنقوم بجمعها واستخدامها ومعالجتها. إذا كانت هناك تحديثات رئيسية معنية، فسنخطرك مقدماَ.
11. التواصل
يجب توجيه الأسئلة والتعليقات والطلبات المتعلقة بهذه السياسة إلى:
عنوان البريد الإلكتروني: feedback@soulchill.live
الشروط التكميلية - للولاية القضائية المحددة
في حالة وجود تعارض بين أحكام الشروط التكميلية - للولاية القضائية المحددة ذات الصلة بالولاية القضائية التي تصل إلى أو تستخدم الخدمات منها، وبقية السياسة، يُعمل بالشروط التكميلية - للولاية القضائية المحددة المعنية ويُحتكم إليها.
الجزائر
باستخدام المنصة، فإنك تمنحنا موافقتك على جمع معلوماتك الشخصية وتخزينها ومعالجتها واستخدامها، ونقل معلوماتك الشخصية إلى طرف ثالث (مثل موفري التخزين السحابي المحليين لنسخ بياناتك احتياطياَ كما هو موضح في سياسة الخصوصية) حيث يتم معالجتها يدوياَ وإلكترونياَ.
البرازيل
إذا كنت تستخدم المنصة في البرازيل، فستطبق الشروط الإضافية التالية. في حالة نشوء أي تعارض بين سياسة الخصوصية الرئيسية والشروط الإضافية، تسود الشروط التالية:
موافقة الوالدين والوصي. إذا كان ذلك واجباَ حسب قوانين حماية البيانات البرازيلية، إذا كان عمرك يزيد عن 16 عاماَ ولكنه أقل من 18 عاماَ، فلا يمكنك استخدام وتسجيل حساب إلا بمساعدة والديك أو الوصي القانوني عليك وتعلن وتقر بأنك حصلت على هذه المساعدة لاستخدام الخدمات والموافقة على السياسة.
ممارسة حقوق حماية البيانات. يوفر القانون البرازيلي حقوقاَ معينة للأفراد فيما يتعلق ببياناتهم الشخصية. وبالتالي، نسعى إلى ضمان الشفافية وضوابط الوصول للسماح للمستخدمين بالاستفادة من الحقوق المذكورة.
سنستجيب و/أو نلبي طلباتك لممارسة حقوقك أدناه، وفقاَ للقانون المطبق وعند الاقتضاء، لقانون حماية البيانات العام البرازيلي - LGPD:
أ. تأكيد ما إذا كانت بياناتك قيد المعالجة؛
ب. الوصول إلى بياناتك؛
ج. تصحيح البيانات الناقصة أو غير الدقيقة أو القديمة؛
د. إخفاء هوية أو حجب أو محو البيانات؛
ه. قابلية نقل البيانات الشخصية إلى طرف ثالث؛
و. الاعتراض على معالجة البيانات الشخصية؛
ز. معلومات الكيانات العامة والخاصة التي شاركنا البيانات معها؛
ح. معلومات حول إمكانية رفض تقديم البيانات الشخصية والعواقب المترتبة، عند الاقتضاء؛
ط. سحب موافقتك.
التحقق من هويتك: من أجل سلامتك والسماح لنا بالتأكد من أننا لن نكشف عن أي من بياناتك الشخصية لأطراف ثالثة غير مصرح لها، من أجل التحقق من هويتك وضمان الممارسة المناسبة لحقوقك، قد نطلب منك معلومات و/أو مستندات محددة قبل أن نتمكن من الرد بشكل صحيح على الطلب المستلم بخصوص بياناتك. ستستخدم جميع البيانات والمستندات الواردة منك خلال عملية الرد على طلباتك للأغراض الصارمة المتمثلة في تحليل طلبك، والتحقق من هويتك، وأخيراَ الرد على طلبك.
القيود على حقوقك: قد تكون لدينا أسباب مشروعة لعدم الامتثال لبعض طلباتك في حالات معينة. على سبيل المثال، قد نختار عدم الكشف عن معلومات معينة لك عندما يكون ممكناَ أن يؤثر الكشف سلباَ على عملنا عندما يكون هناك خطر بانتهاك الأسرار التجارية أو حقوق الملكية الفكرية الخاصة بنا. بالإضافة إلى ذلك، يجوز لنا الامتناع عن الامتثال لطلب الحذف عندما يكون الحفاظ على بياناتك مطلوباَ للامتثال لالتزامات قانونية أو تنظيمية أو عندما تكون هذه الصيانة لازمة لحماية حقوقنا ومصالحنا في حالة نشوء نزاع. عندما يكون هذا هو الحال ولم نتمكن من الامتثال لطلب تقدمه، فسنخبرك بأسباب عدم تمكننا من تلبية طلبك.
التواصل: في حالة الشك بشأن خصوصيتك أو حقوقك أو كيفية ممارستها، يرجى التواصل معنا على: [feedback@soulchill.live]. إذا كانت لديك أي أسئلة حول معالجة بياناتك الشخصية، فنحن نود أن نوضحها.
DPO: إذا أردت الوصول إلى مسؤول حماية البيانات، فتواصل معنا على: feedback@soulchill.live
سجلات الوصول. نحتفظ بسجلات الوصول إلى التطبيقات الخاصة بك، بسرية، في بيئة آمنة وخاضعة للرقابة، لمدة 6 أشهر على الأقل، من أجل الامتثال للالتزامات القانونية.
مصر
يتم توفير سياسة الخصوصية هذه باللغة العربية للمستخدمين الموجودين في مصر. في حالة النزاع، تسود النسخة العربية لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
إذا كان عمرك أقل من 18 عاماَ، فيرجى مطالبة أحد والديك أو الوصي القانوني بقراءة هذا معك. إذا كنت تراجع هذه الشروط بصفتك الوالد/الوصي القانوني لمستخدم يقل عمره عن 18 عاماَ، فإنك تقر بموجبه أن هذا المستخدم يتجاوز سن 18 وأنك قد قرأت وأقرت سياسة الخصوصية وشروط الاستخدام وتوافق على استخدام طفلك للمنصة والتسجيل لحساب.
بالنقر فوق زر المتابعة أو من خلال متابعة عملية التسجيل، فإنك تقر بأنك قد قرأت وفهمت سياسة الخصوصية هذه ووافقت عليها. إذا كنت لا توافق على سياسة الخصوصية هذه، فيجب عليك عدم استخدام المنصة.
أنت تقر بموافقتك على معالجة وتخزين بياناتك الشخصية ونقلها عبر الحدود. يجوز أن يكون النقل عبر الحدود إلى أي دولة لدينا فيها قواعد بيانات أو شركات تابعة.
أنت تقر أيضاَ بموافقتك على تلقي رسائل تسويقية منا.
بصفتك صاحب بيانات مصري، لديك حقوق معينة بموجب قانون حماية البيانات الشخصية المصري.
تركيا
إذا كنت تستخدم خدماتنا في تركيا، فستطبق الشروط الإضافية التالية مع محتويات السياسة مذكورة أعلاه. في حالة وجود أي تعارض بين الشروط الإضافية التالية وأحكام الجزء الرئيسي من هذه السياسة، تسود الشروط التالية.
ممثل مراقب البيانات. يمكنك الاتصال بممثل مراقب البيانات لدينا في تركيا عن طريق البريد الإلكتروني أو البريد للتعامل مع الأسئلة والشكاوى المتعلقة بمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية إذا كنت في تركيا.
feedback@soulchill.live
Hürriyet, Dr. Cemil Bengü Cd. NO:4 KOLEKTİF HOUSE MİNT METRO. 302 ODA/KAĞITHANE/İSTANBUL
الأسس القانونية لمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية.
نعتمد على الأسس القانونية التالية أثناء معالجة بياناتك الشخصية وفقاَ للمادة 5 من القانون رقم 6698 بشأن حماية البيانات الشخصية:
المعالجة منصوص عليها صراحة أو تمليها القوانين
تعتبر معالجة بياناتك الشخصية ضرورية بشرط أن تكون مرتبطة بشكل مباشر بإبرام أو تنفيذ العقد المبرم بيننا
المعالجة إلزامية لنا حتى نتمكن من الامتثال لالتزاماتنا القانونية
البيانات المعنية متاحة للجمهور من قبلك
المعالجة إلزامية لإنشاء أو ممارسة أو حماية حق
المعالجة إلزامية لمصالحنا المشروعة، بشرط ألا تنتهك حقوقك وحرياتك الأساسية
موافقتك الصريحة (يرجى ملاحظة أننا نعتمد على هذا الأساس القانوني عندما نطلب موافقتك على المعالجة فقط ولا نعتمد على هذا الأساس القانوني إذا وعندما نعتمد على أحد الأسس القانونية الأخرى أعلاه)
حقوقك.
وفقاَ للمادة 11 من قانون حماية البيانات، تتمتع بالحقوق التالية فيما يتعلق ببياناتك الشخصية:
الحق في معرفة ما إذا كنا نعالج بياناتك الشخصية،
الحق في طلب المعلومات فيما يتعلق بهذه المعالجة، إذا كنا نعالج بياناتك الشخصية،
الحق في معرفة أغراض المعالجة وما إذا كانت تستخدم لهذا الغرض أم لا؛
الحق في معرفة الأطراف الثالثة داخل الدولة أو خارجها، والتي ننقل إليها بياناتك الشخصية،
الحق في طلب تصحيح البيانات الشخصية الناقصة أو غير الدقيقة،
الحق في طلب حذف أو إتلاف بياناتك الشخصية بموجب الشروط المنصوص عليها في المادة 7 من قانون حماية البيانات،
الحق في طلب إخطارنا للأطراف الثالثة، التي نقلنا إليها بياناتك الشخصية، بتصحيح و/أو حذف و/أو إتلاف بياناتك الشخصية بناءً على طلبك ضمن نطاق البندين المذكورين أعلاه،
الحق في الاعتراض على النتائج السلبية عنك الناتجة عن تحليل بياناتك الشخصية المعالجة بوسائل آلية فقط،
الحق في المطالبة بالتعويض عن الأضرار التي تكبدتها بسبب المعالجة غير القانونية لبياناتك الشخصية.
يمكنك ممارسة حقوقك المدرجة أعلاه من خلال التواصل معنا على: feedback@soulchill.live
سيتم حل الطلبات الموجودة في التماسك في أقرب وقت ممكن وفقاَ لطبيعة طلبك وفي غضون ثلاثين يوماَ على أقصى تقدير بلا عمولة. لكن، إذا كان طلبك ينطوي على تكلفة إضافية لشركتنا، فقد يتم محاسبتك على رسوم التعريفة التي يحددها مجلس حماية البيانات الشخصية التركي.
تعديلات
لا تنطبق الأقسام التالية من السياسة على الأفراد في تركيا:
إذا كنت لا توافق على هذه السياسة، فيرجى عدم استخدام هذه المنصة.
بالوصول إلى أو استخدام المنصة، فإنك تقر بأنك قد قرأت هذه السياسة وأنك تفهم حقوقك فيما يتعلق ببياناتك الشخصية وكيف سنقوم بجمعها ومعالجتها.
المملكة العربية السعودية
أنت توافق على جمع واستخدام والإفصاح عن ونقل وتصدير (بالقدر الذي تسمح به القوانين المطبقة) وتخزين معلوماتك الشخصية كما هو موضح في سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
الكويت
أنت تقر بأن عمرك لا يقل عن 21 عاماَ، أو 18 عاماَ وقد حصلت على موافقة أحد الوالدين/ الوصي، وبالتالي، فأنت قادر قانونياَ على التعاقد بموجب القوانين واللوائح المطبقة في الكويت.
بقبولك لسياسة الخصوصية هذه، فإنك تعلن صراحة أنك تفوضنا بجمع واستخدام وتخزين ومعالجة بياناتك الشخصية والكشف عن هذه البيانات لأطراف ثالثة سواء داخل أو خارج الكويت، بما يتماشى مع أحكام سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
ماليزيا
موافقة الوالدين والوصي
إذا كان عمرك أقل من 18 عاماَ، فالرجاء عدم استخدام المنصة. في حالة موافقتك على سياسة الخصوصية هذه حتى يتمكن قاصر من الوصول إلى المنصة واستخدامها، فإنك توافق بموجبه على توفير المعلومات الشخصية للقاصر لتتم معالجتها وفقاَ لسياسة الخصوصية هذه وأنت تقبل وتوافق شخصياَ على الالتزام بشروط سياسة الخصوصية هذه. كذلك، أنت توافق بموجب هذا على تحمل المسؤولية عن تصرفات هذا القاصر، وامتثال ذلك القاصر لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
حقوقك
حق الوصول: لديك الحق في طلب الوصول الى والحصول على نسخة من معلوماتك الشخصية التي جمعناها والتي تُعالج من قبلنا أو بالنيابة عنا. نحتفظ بحق فرض رسوم لتوفير الوصول إلى معلوماتك الشخصية بالمبالغ المسموح بها بموجب القانون.
عند التعامل مع طلب وصول إلى البيانات، يُسمح لنا بطلب معلومات معينة للتحقق من هوية مقدم الطلب للتأكد من أنه الشخص المخول قانوناَ لتقديم طلب الوصول إلى البيانات.
حق التصحيح: يجوز لك طلب تصحيح معلوماتك الشخصية. عند التعامل مع طلب تصحيح بيانات، يُسمح لنا بطلب معلومات معينة للتحقق من هوية مقدم الطلب للتأكد من أنه الشخص المخول قانوناَ لتقديم طلب تصحيح البيانات.
حق تقييد معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية: يجوز لك طلب تقييد معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية باستخدام تفاصيل الاتصال الواردة أعلاه. لكن، قد يؤثر ذلك على توفيرنا لخدمات الألعاب لك.
التواصل
لحماية معلوماتك الشخصية والتعامل مع الشكاوى المتعلقة بمعلوماتك الشخصية، قمنا بتعيين القسم التالي المسؤول عن إدارة وحماية معلوماتك الشخصية.
يمكنك التواصل معنا عبر
【feedback@soulchill.live】
تايلاند
بقبولك لسياسة الخصوصية هذه، أنت تقر بأنك قد قرأت وفهمت ووافقت على سياسة الخصوصية هذه. إذا كنت لا توافق على سياسة الخصوصية هذه، فيجب عليك عدم استخدام المنصة.
يمكنك أن تطلب منا إيقاف، تقييد استخدام أو توفير، و/أو طلب قابلية نقل البيانات لأي من معلوماتك الشخصية المخزونة من قبلنا، إلى الحد المنصوص عليه في القانون المتعلق بقوانين خصوصية البيانات المطبقة في تايلاند، بما في ذلك قانون حماية البيانات الشخصية التايلاندي. عندما ترغب في تقديم مثل هذه الطلبات، يرجى التواصل معنا على 【feedback@soulchill.live】.
سنرسل لك إشعاراَ بأي تغيير جوهري في سياسة الخصوصية هذه، ونمنحك فرصة لرفض هذه التغييرات، وإلا ستصبح التغييرات سارية كما هو مذكور في الإشعار.
الإمارات العربية المتحدة
إذا كنت تستخدم المنصة في الإمارات العربية المتحدة ("UAE")، تطبق الشروط الإضافية التالية. في حالة نشوء أي تعارض بين سياسة الخصوصية الرئيسية والشروط الإضافية، تسود الشروط التالية:
كيف نشارك بياناتك الشخصية
بالإضافة إلى النص الرئيسي لهذه السياسة، باستخدام المنصة في الإمارات العربية المتحدة، فإنك توافق على شروط سياسة الخصوصية هذه وتوافق على مشاركتنا لبياناتك الشخصية بما يتماشى مع النص الرئيسي لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
القانون الحاكم
باستخدام منصتنا في الإمارات العربية المتحدة، ستخضع سياسة الخصوصية هذه وتفسر وفقاَ لقوانين الإمارات العربية المتحدة.
فيتنام
يتم توفير سياسة الخصوصية هذه باللغة الفيتنامية للمستخدمين الموجودين في فيتنام. في حالة النزاع، ستسود هذه النسخة من سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
بالنسبة للأطفال الذين تقل أعمارهم عن 14 عاماَ، يتطلب إنشاء حساب واستخدام منصتنا إذناَ وإشرافاَ من أحد الوالدين أو الوصي القانوني. إذا كنت تراجع هذه الشروط بصفتك أحد الوالدين/الوصي القانوني لمستخدم يقل عمره عن 14 عاماَ، فإنك تقر بموجبه أن هذا المستخدم يتجاوز سن 14 وأنك قد قرأت وأقررت سياسة الخصوصية وشروط الاستخدام وتوافق على استخدام طفلك للمنصة والتسجيل لحساب.
Privacy Policy
Last
updated
: 2023-1-3
Acco
r
ding to THE
DATA PROTECTION LAWS,
We do not knowingly collect personal information from
MINOR
S
for any purpose. If you believe that we have
COLLECT SUCH
information of
MINOR
without parental or guardian consent, or if you are the parent or guardian of the user and wish to withdraw the consent, please submit your request at【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 and we will delete such information.
Welcome to SoulChill (the “Platform”). This Platform is provided and controlled by SpaceCape Techonology Pte. Ltd. . (“SoulChill”, “we” or “us”). We are committed to protect and respect your privacy. This policy explains our practices concerning the personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. If you do not agree with this policy, you should not use the Platform.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will treat your information before you start to use our Service or communicate with us outside the Platform certain features or functionalities of our Platform may be available via the Platform. This Privacy Policy governs the collection and use of data about you and your use of the Platform. (Although, we may provide additional notice and choice options within the Platform itself.)
By accessing or using our Platform, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy, which may be updated and amended from time to time. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may not access or use the Platform.
1. What information do we collect?
We collect information when you create an account and use the Platform, such as content you create, and your location. We also collect information you share with us from third-party social network providers, and technical and behavioral information about your use of the Platform.
Information you choose to provide
For certain activities, such as when you register, upload content to the Platform, or contact us directly, you may provide some or all of the following information:
Registration information, such as profile image, username, date of birth (where applicable), your current country, age, gender, email address and/or phone number, and your photograph or profile video.
User Content and Behavioural Information, such as preferences you set (such as choice of language),photographs, Snapchat Bitmoji avatar, audios and you upload or create, comments information you disclose in your user profile and livestreams you make with your Album’s permissions, camera's permissions, microphone permissions.
Information from Third Parties, such as a third-party social network account details (e.g., Facebook, Apple, Google,Snapchat) or login service and the information collected from you, and your interaction with the Platform and other third-party sites and Apps.
The camera's permissions, microphone permissions to send pictures, videos, audio messages in the app.
Your opt-in choices and communication preferences.
Payment information, such as Google or Apple payment information
Notification permission in your mobile phone.
Information as your communication/call history and contents or the contact information you send to us when you are contacting us.
Location data
,
including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. With your permission, we may also collect Global Positioning System (GPS) data.
Snapchat Integration.
You may choose to connect to us through Snapchat, and when you do, we may collect additional information from you, such as your display name and Bitmoji, through Snapchat. Please be advised that social media platforms may also collect information from you. We do not have control over the collection, use and sharing practices of social media platforms and encourage you to review their usage and disclosure policies and practices, including the data security practices, before using the social media platforms.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform, including your IP address, location-related data (as described below), unique device identifiers, browsing history (including content you have viewed in the Platform), Cookies (as defined below), your mobile carrier, time zone setting, and mobile or device information including the model of your device, screen resolution, operating system, app and file names and types, and platform.
Device information
The device you are using (such as device model, operating system version, device configuration, device identification, device network information, device environment and other characteristic information of software & hardware).
Technical Information
IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes.
Browsing and search history
We automatically collect your browsing and search history (including content you have viewed in the Platform) from you when you use the Platform.
Cookies
We and our vendors and service providers use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze which web pages you click on and how you use the Platform, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve our services, and provide you with targeted advertising on the Platform and elsewhere across your different devices. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. By using the Platform, you consent to our use of Cookies.
2. How we use your information
We use your information to fulfill and enforce our
Terms of Service
,
to improve and administer the Platform, and to allow you to use its functionalities. We may also use your information to, among other things, show you suggestions, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience.
We generally use the information we collect:
to fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback
to customize the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you liked or interacted with
to improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development
to support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and other users to connect with each other through the Platform
to help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform
to communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services
to enforce our terms, conditions, and policies
for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
to combine all the information we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes
3. How we share your information
We may share your personal data
in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of your country/region,
including without limitation:
Cloud storage providers to store the information you provide and for disaster recovery services, as well as for the performance of any contract we have entered into with you;
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization.
IT service providers that help develop, maintain, secure and optimize thePlatform;
PaymentProviders to facilitate the transactions.
Our data center and the servers of our host providers.
We may share your information with any member or affiliate of our group, which includes our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, and companies that we control, are controlled by or under common control, and our service providers and strategic business partners, and their respective subsidiaries, in each case in or outside your country, for the purposes set out above (“How We Use Your Personal Data”).
We may share your information with law enforcement agencies, public or tax authorities or other organizations if legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation, process or request (including tax and related reporting requirements);
Enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
Detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues;
Protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
If we sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. In any such cases, the third party company or business will adhere to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and where it will result in a change in any of the provisions herein, such changes will be communicated to you and you will be given the chance to consent or opt out at your discretion.
4. Third-Party Providers
You acknowledge and agree that we may process your personal information for the purpose of improving the quality of Services, conducting data and product analysis, planning promotional activities, etc., and may share your personal information to our affiliates and partners or to independent third-party vendors listed below for that purpose.
Such third-party providers may be local operating partners or technical support partners outside your country. After the cooperation terminated, they will be denied access to all of our information, including the information to which they previously had access. We promise not to provide, sell, rent, share, or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless we have your prior consent.
Besides, to provide you with social features, diversify or otherwise improve our Services, we may also provide third-party features or contents in our Services. Some of third-party services being linked to or embedded in Service (such as Social Media Platforms, third-party payment platforms, Fraud-Detection Service Provider, Anti-Crack and Anti-Cheat Service Provider, Social sharing Tools Provider, Customer Support Partner, etc.) may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other tracking technologies to collect or receive data about you according to their own Privacy Policy, and we do not control the information that these third parties collect or how they use that information. We strongly encourage you to check their own Privacy Policies on their official websites and learn more about their data processing practices. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you discover that any third party collects or processes your personal information illegally or in a manner which worries you, you are encouraged to contact us, and we will make reasonable efforts to help you. Main third-party vendors linked to our Services which may collect your Personal Information and links to their Privacy Policy are as follows (the specific list of Third-party vendors linked with each of our Service may vary):
Third-Party Services
Purpose/Function of these Third-Party Services
Data they collect
Links to their Privacy Policy
checkout
online payments
First and last name; PaymentMethod details;Card Expiration Date
https://www.checkout.com/legal/privacy-policy
stripe
online payments
CVCcode, date/time/amount of transaction,IP address/location, payment card details
https://stripe.com/zh-cn-hk/privacy
dlocal
payout service
First and last name, orderID,banking information(bank name,bankcode, bank fulladdress,bank accountnumber,account type)，phone number
https://dlocal.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Appsflyer
attribution and marketing analytics services
Technical Information, Technical Identifiers，Engagement Information
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Airwallex
payout service
First and last name, address，postcode，bank information (bank name, bank account number, bank code)
https://www.airwallex.com/terms/privacy-policy
Firebase
Statistical analysis
Device Information, Device Identifiers
https://policies.google.com/u/1/privacy
growingio
Statistical analysis
Device Information, Device Identifiers
https://www.growingio.com/privacy.html
shuzilm
Safety and risk control
Device Information, Device Identifiers
https://www.shuzilm.cn/privacy.html
5. Your Rights
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for login informationin a browser and to opt out of login information for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
If you have registered for an account you may access, review, and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your account and using available features and functionalities.
If you want to view, modify, or delete your data, please check the personal page to edit.
You also have the right to have your personal data deleted, object how we use or share your personal data, and restrict how we use or share your personal data. You can always withdraw your consent，for example by turning off notification permission information functionality in your mobile device settings if you do not wish to accept our information.
You may submit a request to access or delete the information we have collected about you by sending your request to us at the email provided in the Contact section at the bottom of this policy. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. You can exercise your rights by contacting us at feedback@soulchill.live
If you don't want to use the location function, you can turn it off on the system settings page. After turning off location function we will not be able to match the apposite playmate for you based on location information.
6. Data S
t
orage
The information we collect from you may be stored outside of the country where you live, such as the United States, Singapore. We maintain major servers around the world to bring you our services globally and continuously. And you are aware and agree that your personal data may be transferred to, stored in, and processed by affiliated companies, subcontractors and/or partners, located in third countries/outside the country where you live or work. we will take steps according to applicable laws and regulations in your country to ensure that your personal data is adequately protected within the data process location.
7. Security
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we will protect your personal data, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the Platform are no risk，this is why we need you to strictly adhere to the agreements and guidelines in documents such as our privacy policy, and we will work together to keep your personal information as secure as possible.
We have put in place appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of you and other users. We maintain these technical and organizational measures and will amend them from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems.
We will, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any information to these websites.
8. Data Retention
We retain your data for necessary to provide you with the service. However, there are occasions where we are likely to keep this data for longer in accordance with our legal obligations or where it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
After you have terminated your use of our Platform, we store your information in an aggregated and anonymised format.
9. Minor
The Platform otherwise is not directed at minors. Minors must not use the Platform for any purpose, except where their parent or guardian has provided consent. By minors, we mean users under the age of 18 years old; or in the case of a region where the minimum age for processing personal information differs, such different age. For users located in certain regions we have listed the minimum relevant age in the table below.
Region in which the user is located
Minimum age of the user
Algeria
19
Cambodia
18
Egypt
18
European Economic Area/Switzerland
16
Hong Kong
18
India
18
Indonesia
21
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
18
Kuwait
21
Macau
18
Malaysia
18
Mexico
18
Morocco
18
Myanmar
18
New Zealand
16
Nigeria
13
Philippines
18
Qatar
18
Singapore
13
South Africa
18
Sri Lanka
18
Thailand
20
Tunisia
18
Turkey
18
United Arab Emirates
21
United Kingdom
13
United States
13
Vietnam
14
We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors under these ages for any purpose. If you believe that we have personal information of a minor under these ages without parental or guardian consent, or if you are the parent or guardian of the user and wish to withdraw the consent, please submit your request at【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 and we will delete such information.
10. Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy and providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Platform to stay informed of our privacy practices. By accessing or using the Platform, you acknowledge that you have read this policy and that you understand your rights in relation to your personal data and how we will collect, use and process it. If major updates are involved, we will notify you in advance.
11. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to:
Email Address:feedback@soulchill.live
Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific
In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the services, and the rest of policy, the relevant jurisdictions’ Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific will supersede and control.
Algeria
By using the Pplatform, you give us your consent for the collection, storage, treatment and use of your personal information, and transfer of your personal information to a third party (such as local cloud providers to back up your data as described in the Privacy Policy) where it is manually and electronically treated.
B
razil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
Parental and Guardian Consent. If required by Brazilian data protection laws, if you are over the age of 16 but under the age of 18, you can only use and register for an account with the assistance of your parent or legal guardian and you declare and represent that you had such assistance to use the Services and to agree to the Policy.
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
portability of personal data to a third party;
object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
Contact: In case of doubt about your privacy, your rights or how to exercise them, please contact us at: [feedback@soulchill.live]. If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, we would like to clarify them.
DPO: If you wish to reach the Data Protection Officer, contact us at: feedback@soulchill.live
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for, at least, 6 months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
Egypt
This privacy policy is provided in Arabic for users located in Egypt. In case of dispute, the Arabic version of this privacy policy shall prevail.
If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 18 and that you have read and acknowledged Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
By clicking the button to proceed or by proceeding with the sign up process, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and consented to this privacy policy. If you do not consent to this privacy policy, you must not use the Platform.
You are acknowledging your consent to the processing, storage, and cross-border transfer of your personal data. The cross border transfer may be to any country in which we have databases or affiliates.
You also acknowledge your consent to receiving marketing messages from us.
As an Egyptian data subject, you have certain rights under the Egyptian Personal Data Protection Law.
Turkey
If you are using our services in Turkey, the following additional terms apply along with the contents of the foregoing Policy. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail.
Data Controller Representative. You may contact our data controller representative in Turkey by email or mail to handle questions and complaints in connection with the processing of your personal data if you are in Turkey.
feedback@soulchill.live
Hürriyet, Dr. Cemil Bengü Cd. NO:4 KOLEKTİF HOUSE MİNT METRO. 302 ODA/KAĞITHANE/İSTANBUL
Legal bases for the processing your personal data.
We rely on the following legal bases while processing your personal data in accordance with Article 5 of the Law No. 6698 on Protection of Personal Data:
processing is explicitly laid down or dictated by laws
processing of your personal data is necessary provided that it is directly related to the conclusion or fulfilment of the contract between us
processing is mandatory for us to be able to comply with our legal obligations
the relevant data is made available to the public by yourself
processing is mandatory for the establishment, exercise or protection of a right
processing is mandatory for our legitimate interests, provided that it does not violate your fundamental rights and freedoms
your explicit consent (Please note that we rely on this legal basis only when we require your consent for the processing and we do not rely on this legal basis if and when we rely on one of the other legal grounds above)
Your rights.
According to Article 11 of the Data Protection Law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
the right to learn whether we process your personal data,
the right to request information with regard to such processing, if we process your personal data,
the right to learn the purposes of the processing and whether they are used for such purpose or not;
the right to know the third parties within or outside the country, to whom we transfer your personal data,
the right to request correction of incomplete or inaccurate personal data,
the right to request deletion or destruction of your personal data under the conditions set forth in Article 7 of the Data Protection Law,
the right to request that we notify the third parties, to whom we transferred your personal data, about the correction, deletion and/or destruction of your personal data per your request within the scope of the foregoing two items,
the right to object to the negative results about you that are due to the analysis of your personal data processed solely by automated means,
the right to claim indemnification for damages incurred due to illegal processing of your personal data.
You may exercise your rights listed above by contact us at: feedback@soulchill.live
The requests found in your application will be resolved as soon as possible according to the nature of your request and within thirty days at the latest free of charge. However, if your request incurs additional cost to our company, then you may be charged over the tariff fee determined by the Turkish Personal Data Protection Board.
Amendments.
The following sections of the Policy do not apply to individuals in Turkey:
If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this Platform.
By accessing or using the Platform, you acknowledge that you have read this policy and that you understand your rights in relation to your personal data and how we will collect and process it.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
You consent to the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, export (to the extent permitted by applicable laws) and storage of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
Kuwait
You represent that you are at least 21 years old, or 18 years old and have obtained parental/guardian consent and, therefore, legally capable of contracting under the applicable laws and regulations in Kuwait.
By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly state that you authorise us to collect, use, store, and process your personal data and to disclose this data to third parties whether inside or outside of Kuwait, in line with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Malaysia
Parental and Guardian Consent
If you are under the age of 18, please do not use the Platform.In the event you are agreeing to this privacy policy in order for a minor to access and use the Platform, you hereby consent to the provision of personal information of the minor to be processed in accordance with this privacy policy and you personally accept and agree to be bound by the terms in this privacy policy. Further, you hereby agree to take responsibility for the actions of such minor, and that minor’s compliance with this privacy policy.
Your Rights
Right of access: You have the right to request access to and obtain a copy of your personal information that we have collected and is being processed by or on behalf of us. We reserve the right to impose a fee for providing access to your personal information in the amounts as permitted under law.
When handling a data access request, we are permitted to request for certain information to verify the identity of the requestor to ensure that he/she is the person legally entitled to make the data access request.
Right of correction: You may request for the correction of your personal information. When handling a data correction request, we are permitted to request for certain information to verify the identity of the requestor to ensure that he/she is the person legally entitled to make the data correction request.
Right to limit processing of your personal information: You may request to limit the processing of your personal information by using the contact details provided above. However this may affect our provision of the Game Services to you.
Contact
To protect your personal information and handle complaints relating to your personal information, we have appointed the following department responsible for managing and protecting your personal information.
You can connect with us
via【feedback@soulchill.live】
Thailand
By accepting this privacy policy, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you must not use the Platform.
You may request us to discontinue, to restrict the use or provision of, and/or to request for data portability of any and all of your personal information which is stored by us, to the extent provided by the Act on the applicable data privacy laws and regulations in Thailand, including the Thai Personal Data Protection Act. When you wish to make such requests, please contact us at
【feedback@soulchill.live】
.
We will give you notice of any material changes to this privacy policy, and give you an opportunity to reject such changes, failing which the changes will become effective as stated in the notice.
United Arab Emirates
If you are using the Platform in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
How we share your personal data
In addition to the main text of this policy, by using the Platform in the UAE you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to our sharing of your personal data in line with the main text of this Privacy Policy.
Governing law
By using our Platform in the UAE, this Privacy Policy will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the UAE.
V
itenam
This privacy policy is provided in Vietnamese for users located in Virenam. In case of dispute, this version of this privacy policy shall prevail.
For children under the age of 14 who creating an account and using our Platform requires the permisssion and supervision of parent or legal guardian. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 14, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 14 and that you have read and acknowledged Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account.
سياسة الخصوصية
آخر
تحديث: 3-1-2023
وفقاَ لقوانين حماية البيانات،
نحن لا نجمع معلومات شخصية من القاصرين عن قصد لأي غرض من الأغراض. إذا كنت تعتقد أننا جمعنا مثل هذه المعلومات الخاصة بقاصر دون موافقة الوالدين أو الوصي، أو إذا كنت أحد الوالدين أو الوصي على المستخدم وترغب في سحب الموافقة، فيرجى إرسال طلبك على【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 وسنقوم بحذف هذه المعلومات
مرحباً بك في SoulChill (ال"منصة"). يتم توفير هذه المنصة والتحكم بها من قبل SpaceCape Techonology Pte.  Ltd. ("SoulChill"، أو "نحن"). نحن ملتزمون بحماية خصوصيتك واحترامها. تشرح هذه السياسة ممارساتنا المتعلقة بالبيانات الشخصية التي نجمعها منك أو التي تقدمها لنا. إذا كنت لا توافق على هذه السياسة، فلا يجوز لك استخدام المنصة.
يرجى قراءة سياسة الخصوصية هذه بعناية لفهم كيفية تعاملنا مع معلوماتك قبل البدء في استخدام خدمتنا أو التواصل معنا خارج المنصة، قد تتوفر بعض ميزات أو وظائف منصتنا عبر المنصة. تحكم سياسة الخصوصية هذه جمع واستخدام البيانات المتعلقة بك وباستخدامك للمنصة. (لكننا قد نقدم إشعاراَ إضافياَ وخيارات مختارة داخل المنصة نفسها.)
بالوصول إلى أو استخدام منصتنا، فإنك تقبل وتوافق على الممارسات الموضحة في سياسة الخصوصية هذه، والتي قد يتم تحديثها وتعديلها من وقت الى آخر. إذا كنت لا توافق على شروط سياسة الخصوصية هذه، فلا يجوز لك الوصول إلى أو استخدام المنصة.
1. ما هي المعلومات التي نجمعها؟
نجمع المعلومات عندما تنشئ حساباَ وتستخدم المنصة، كالمحتوى الذي تنشئه وموقعك الجغرافي. نقوم أيضاَ بجمع المعلومات التي تشاركها معنا من موفري الشبكات الاجتماعية التابعين لأطراف ثالثة، والمعلومات التقنية والسلوكية حول استخدامك للمنصة.
المعلومات التي تختار تقديمها
بالنسبة لبعض الأنشطة، مثل عند التسجيل أو تحميل المحتوى الى المنصة أو الاتصال بنا مباشرة، يمكنك تقديم بعض أو كل المعلومات التالية:
معلومات التسجيل، كصورة الملف الشخصي واسم المستخدم وتاريخ الميلاد (عند الاقتضاء) وبلدك الحالي وعمرك وجنسك وعنوان بريدك الإلكتروني و/أو رقم هاتفك وصورتك أو فيديو ملفك الشخصي.
محتوى المستخدم والمعلومات السلوكية، كالتفضيلات التي تحددها (كاختيار اللغة)، والصور الفوتوغرافية، وآفاتار Snapchat Bitmoji، والتسجيلات الصوتية التي تحملها أو تنشئها، والتعليقات والمعلومات التي تكشف عنها في ملف تعريف المستخدم الخاص بك وعمليات البث المباشر التي تقوم بها، باستخدام أذونات الألبوم وأذونات الكاميرا وأذونات الميكروفون.
معلومات من أطراف ثالثة، كتفاصيل حساب شبكة اجتماعية لطرف ثالث (مثل Facebook و Apple و Google و Snapchat) أو خدمة تسجيل الدخول والمعلومات التي تم جمعها منك ومن تفاعلك مع المنصة ومواقع وتطبيقات الأطراف الثالثة الأخرى.
أذونات الكاميرا وأذونات الميكروفون لإرسال الصور ومقاطع الفيديو والرسائل الصوتية في التطبيق.
اختيارات الاشتراك وتفضيلات التواصل الخاصة بك.
معلومات الدفع، كمعلومات الدفع الخاصة بـ Google أو Apple
إذن الإشعار في هاتفك المحمول.
المعلومات مثل تاريخ التواصل/المكالمات والمحتويات أو معلومات التواصل التي ترسلها لنا عندما تتواصل معنا.
بيانات الموقع
، بما في ذلك معلومات الموقع بناءً على بطاقة SIM و/أو عنوان IP. بعد إذن منك، قد نقوم أيضاَ بجمع بيانات نظام تحديد المواقع العالمي (GPS).
تكامل
Snapchat
.
يمكنك اختيار الاتصال بنا من خلال Snapchat، وعندما تفعل ذلك، قد نجمع معلومات إضافية منك، مثل اسم العرض و Bitmoji الخاص بك، من خلال Snapchat. يرجى العلم بأن منصات وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي قد تقوم بجمع معلومات منك أيضاَ. نحن لا نتحكم بممارسات جمع واستخدام ومشاركة منصات التواصل الاجتماعي ونشجعك على مراجعة سياسات وممارسات الاستخدام والإفصاح الخاصة بهم، بما في ذلك ممارسات أمان البيانات، قبل استخدام منصات التواصل الاجتماعي.
المعلومات التي نجمعها تلقائياَ
نقوم بجمع معلومات معينة منك تلقائياَ عند استخدامك للمنصة، بما في ذلك عنوان IP الخاص بك، والبيانات المتعلقة بالموقع (كما هو موضح أدناه)، ومعرفات الجهاز الفريدة، وسجل التصفح (بما في ذلك المحتوى الذي شاهدته في المنصة)، وملفات تعريف الارتباط (الكوكيز) (على النحو المحدد أدناه)، ومشغل شبكة الهاتف المحمول، وإعداد المنطقة الزمنية، ومعلومات الهاتف المحمول أو الجهاز بما في ذلك طراز جهازك ودقة الشاشة ونظام التشغيل وأسماء وأنواع ومنصات التطبيقات والملفات.
معلومات الجهاز
الجهاز الذي تستخدمه (كطراز الجهاز وإصدار نظام التشغيل وتشكيل الجهاز وتعريف الجهاز ومعلومات شبكة الجهاز وبيئة الجهاز والمعلومات الأخرى المميزة للبرامج والأجهزة).
المعلومات التقنية
عنوان IP ووكيل المستخدم ومشغل شبكة الهاتف المحمول وإعدادات المنطقة الزمنية والمعرفات لأغراض الدعاية.
سجل التصفح والبحث
نقوم بجمع سجل التصفح والبحث (بما في ذلك المحتوى الذي شاهدته في المنصة) منك تلقائياَ عند استخدامك للمنصة.
ملفات تعريف الارتباط (الكوكيز)
نستخدم نحن وموردونا ومقدمو الخدمات ملفات تعريف الارتباط والتقنيات المشابهة الأخرى (مثل إشارات الويب وملفات تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بفلاش وما إلى ذلك) ("كوكيز") لجمع المعلومات تلقائياَ وقياس وتحليل صفحات الويب التي تنقر عليها وكيفية استخدامك للمنصة، وتحسين خدماتنا، وتزويدك بالإعلانات المستهدفة على المنصة وفي أي مكان آخر عبر أجهزتك المختلفة. ملفات تعريف الارتباط هي ملفات صغيرة، عند وضعها على جهازك، تمكّن المنصة من توفير ميزات ووظائف معينة. إشارات الويب عبارة عن صور صغيرة جداَ أو أجزاء صغيرة من البيانات المضمنة في الصور، والمعروفة أيضاَ باسم "علامات البكسل" أو "ملفات GIF الشفافة"، والتي يمكنها التعرف على ملفات تعريف الارتباط، ووقت وتاريخ عرض الصفحة، ووصف للصفحة التي تحتوي علامة البكسل، ومعلومات مشابهة من جهاز الكمبيوتر أو جهازك الخاص. باستخدامك للمنصة، فإنك توافق على استخدامنا لملفات تعريف الارتباط (الكوكيز).
2. كيف نستخدم معلوماتك
نستخدم معلوماتك لأداء وإنفاذ
شروط الخدمة
الخاصة بنا، ولتحسين وإدارة المنصة، وللسماح لك باستخدام وظائفها. قد نستخدم معلوماتك أيضاَ، من بين أمور أخرى، لعرض اقتراحات لك والترويج للمنصة وتخصيص تجربتك الإعلانية.
نستخدم المعلومات التي نجمعها بشكل عام:
لتلبية طلبات المنتجات والخدمات ووظائف المنصة والدعم والمعلومات للعمليات الداخلية، بما في ذلك استكشاف الأخطاء وإصلاحها وتحليل البيانات والاختبار والبحث والأغراض الإحصائية والاستقصائية والتماس ملاحظاتك
لتخصيص المحتوى الذي تراه عند استخدام المنصة. على سبيل المثال، قد نوفر لك خدمات بناءً على إعدادات الدولة التي اخترتها أو نعرض لك محتوى مشابهاَ للمحتوى الذي أعجبك أو تفاعلت معه
لتحسين منصتنا وتطويرها والقيام بتطوير المنتجات
لدعم وظائف المنصة الاجتماعية، بما في ذلك السماح لك وللمستخدمين الآخرين بالتواصل مع بعضهم البعض من خلال المنصة
لمساعدتنا في اكتشاف إساءة الاستخدام والاحتيال والنشاط غير القانوني على المنصة
للتواصل معك، بما في ذلك إخطارك بالتغييرات في خدماتنا
لإنفاذ الشروط والأحكام والسياسات الخاصة بنا
لأي أغراض أخرى يتم الكشف عنها لك في حين جمع معلوماتك أو بناءً على موافقتك.
لدمج جميع المعلومات التي نجمعها أو نتلقاها عنك لأي من الأغراض المذكورة أعلاه
3. كيف نشارك معلوماتك
يجوز لنا مشاركة بياناتك الشخصية وفقاَ للقوانين واللوائح المعنية في بلدك/منطقتك، بما في ذلك على سبيل المثال لا الحصر:
مزودو التخزين السحابي لتخزين المعلومات التي تقدمها وخدمات التعافي من الكوارث، وكذلك لأداء أي عقد أبرمناه معك؛
مزودو التحليلات ومحركات البحث الذين يساعدوننا في التحسين والاستمثال.
مزودو خدمات تكنولوجيا المعلومات الذين يساعدون في تطوير وصيانة وتأمين واستمثال المنصة؛
مزودو الدفع لتسهيل المعاملات.
مركز البيانات لدينا وخوادم مزودي خدمات الاستضافة لدينا.
يجوز لنا مشاركة معلوماتك مع أي عضو أو شركة تابعة الى مجموعتنا، والتي تشمل شركاتنا الفرعية، وشركتنا القابضة النهائية وشركاتها الفرعية، والشركات التي نتحكم فيها أو التي تتحكم بنا أو تحت تحكم مشترك، ومقدمي الخدمات وشركاء الأعمال الاستراتيجيين لدينا، وشركاتهم الفرعية، في كل حالة داخل أو خارج بلدك، للأغراض المبينة أعلاه ("كيف نستخدم بياناتك الشخصية").
يجوز لنا مشاركة معلوماتك مع وكالات إنفاذ القانون أو السلطات العامة أو سلطات الضرائب أو منظمات أخرى إذا كان وجب علينا القيام بذلك قانونياَ، أو إذا كان لدينا اعتقاد حسن النية أن هذا الاستخدام ضروري بشكل معقول من أجل:
الامتثال لالتزام أو عملية أو طلب قانوني (بما في ذلك الضرائب ومتطلبات إعداد التقارير ذات الصلة)؛
إنفاذ شروط الخدمة والاتفاقيات والسياسات والمعايير الأخرى الخاصة بنا، بما في ذلك التحقيق في أي انتهاك محتمل لها؛
كشف أو منع أو معالجة المشاكل الأمنية أو الاحتيال أو المشاكل التقنية؛
حماية حقوق أو ممتلكات أو سلامتنا أو مستخدمينا أو طرف ثالث أو الجمهور كما يقتضي أو يسمح القانون (بما في ذلك تبادل المعلومات مع الشركات والمؤسسات الأخرى لأغراض الحماية من الاحتيال والحد من مخاطر الائتمان).
ويجوز لنا أيضاَ كشف معلوماتك لأطراف الثالثة:
في حالة بيع أو شراء أي أعمال أو أصول، في هذه الحالة يجوز لنا الكشف عن بياناتك للبائع أو المشتري المحتمل لهذه الأعمال أو الأصول؛ أو
إذا قمنا ببيع أو شراء أو دمج أو شراكة مع شركات أو مشاريع أخرى، أو بيع بعض أو كل أصولنا. في مثل هذه المعاملات، قد تكون معلومات المستخدمين من بين الأصول المنقولة. في مثل هذه الحالات، ستلتزم الشركة أو المشروع التابع لطرف ثالث بأحكام سياسة الخصوصية هذه، وإذا كان سينتج عن ذلك تغيير في أي من الأحكام الواردة هنا، فسيتم إبلاغك بهذه التغييرات وتتاح لك الفرصة الموافقة أو الانسحاب حسب تقديرك.
4. مزودو الخدمات من الأطراف الثالثة
أنت تقر وتوافق على أنه يجوز لنا معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية لغرض تحسين جودة الخدمات، وإجراء تحليل للبيانات والمنتجات، والتخطيط للأنشطة الترويجية، وما إلى ذلك، ويجوز لنا أن نشارك معلوماتك الشخصية مع الشركات التابعة لنا وشركائنا أو البائعين الخارجيين المستقلين المدرجين أدناه لهذا الغرض.
قد يكون مزودو الطرف الثالث هؤلاء شركاء تشغيل محليين أو شركاء دعم تقني خارج بلدك. بعد إنهاء التعاون، سيتم حرمانهم من الوصول إلى جميع معلوماتنا، بما في ذلك المعلومات التي تمكنوا من الوصول إليها سابقاَ. نتعهد بعدم تقديم معلوماتك الشخصية أو بيعها أو تأجيرها أو مشاركتها أو تداولها مع أي طرف ثالث غير ذو صلة، ما لم نحصل على موافقتك المسبقة.
بالإضافة الى ذلك، لتزويدك بميزات اجتماعية، أو تنويع خدماتنا أو تحسينها بطريقة أخرى، قد نوفر أيضاَ ميزات أو محتويات تابعة لأطراف ثالثة في خدماتنا. قد تستخدم بعض خدمات الأطراف الثالثة التي يتم ربطها أو تضمينها في الخدمة (مثل منصات التواصل الاجتماعي، ومنصات الدفع التابعة لأطراف ثالثة، ومزود خدمة كشف الاحتيال، ومزود خدمة مكافحة كسر الحماية ومكافحة الغش، وموفر أدوات المشاركة الاجتماعية، وشريك دعم العملاء، وما إلى ذلك) ملفات تعريف الارتباط و/أو إشارات الويب و/أو تقنيات تتبع أخرى لجمع أو تلقي بيانات عنك وفقاَ لسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بهم، ونحن لا نتحكم في المعلومات التي تجمعها هذه الأطراف الثالثة أو كيفية استخدامهم لتلك المعلومات. نحن نحثك بشدة على التحقق من سياسات الخصوصية الخاصة بهم على مواقعهم الرسمية ومعرفة المزيد حول ممارسات معالجة البيانات الخاصة بهم. بالرغم من المذكور أعلاه، إذا اكتشفت أن أي طرف ثالث يقوم بجمع أو معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية بشكل غير قانوني أو بطريقة تثير قلقك، فنحن نحثك على الاتصال بنا وسنبذل جهوداَ معقولة لمساعدتك. البائعون الرئيسيون من الأطراف الثالثة المرتبطون بخدماتنا والذين قد يجمعون معلوماتك الشخصية وروابط لسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بهم هم كما يلي (قد تختلف القائمة المحددة للبائعي التابعين لطرف ثالث المرتبطين بكل خدمة من خدماتنا):
خدمات الأطراف الثالثة
الغرض/وظيفة خدمات الأطراف الثالثة هذه
البيانات التي يجمعونها
روابط سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بهم
checkout
الدفع عبر الإنترنت
الاسم الأول والاسم الأخير؛ تفاصيل طريقة الدفع؛ تاريخ انتهاء صلاحية البطاقة
https://www.checkout.com/legal/privacy-policy
stripe
الدفع عبر الإنترنت
رمز CVC، تاريخ/وقت/مبلغ المعاملة، عنوان IP/الموقع الجغرافي، تفاصيل بطاقة الدفع
https://stripe.com/zh-cn-hk/privacy
dlocal
خدمة سحب الأموال
الاسم الأول والأخير، معرف الطلب، المعلومات المصرفية (اسم البنك، رمز البنك، العنوان الكامل للبنك، رقم الحساب المصرفي، نوع الحساب)، رقم الهاتف
https://dlocal.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Appsflyer
خدمات الإسناد وتحليلات التسويق
المعلومات التقنية، المعرفات التقنية، معلومات المشاركة
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Airwallex
خدمة سحب الأموال
الاسم الأول والأخير، العنوان، الرمز البريدي، معلومات البنك (اسم البنك، رقم الحساب المصرفي، رمز البنك)
https://www.airwallex.com/terms/privacy-policy
Firebase
التحليل الإحصائي
معلومات الجهاز, معرفات الجهاز
https://policies.google.com/u/1/privacy
growingio
التحليل الإحصائي
معلومات الجهاز, معرفات الجهاز
https://www.growingio.com/privacy.html
shuzilm
مراقبة السلامة والمخاطر
معلومات الجهاز, معرفات الجهاز
https://www.shuzilm.cn/privacy.html
5. حقوقك
قد تتمكن من رفض ملفات تعريف الارتباط أو تعطيلها من خلال ضبط إعدادات متصفحك. نظراَ لاختلاف كل متصفح، يرجى الرجوع إلى الإرشادات التي يوفرها متصفحك. يرجى ملاحظة أنك قد تحتاج إلى اتخاذ خطوات إضافية لرفض أو تعطيل أنواع معينة من ملفات تعريف الارتباط. كمثال، نظراَ للاختلافات في كيفية عمل المتصفحات وتطبيقات الهواتف المحمولة، فقد تحتاج إلى اتخاذ خطوات مختلفة لإلغاء الاشتراك في ملفات تعريف الارتباط المستخدمة لمعلومات تسجيل الدخول في المتصفح ولإلغاء الاشتراك في معلومات تسجيل الدخول لتطبيق الهاتف المحمول، والذي يمكنك التحكم به من خلال إعدادات جهازك أو أذونات تطبيقات الهاتف المحمول. بالإضافة إلى ذلك، يكون اختيار إلغاء الاشتراك خاصاَ بالمتصفح أو الجهاز المعين الذي تستخدمه عند إلغاء الاشتراك، لذلك قد تحتاج إلى إلغاء الاشتراك بشكل منفصل لكل متصفح أو جهاز. إذا اخترت رفض أو تعطيل أو حذف ملفات تعريف الارتباط، فقد تكون بعض وظائف النظام الأساسي غير متاحة لك.
إذا قمت بالتسجيل للحصول على حساب، فيمكنك الوصول إلى بعض المعلومات الشخصية التي قدمتها لنا ومراجعتها وتحديثها عن طريق تسجيل الدخول إلى حسابك واستخدام الميزات والوظائف المتاحة.
إذا أردت عرض أو تغيير أو حذف بياناتك، فيرجى مراجعة الصفحة الشخصية لتعديلها.
لديك أيضاَ الحق في حذف بياناتك الشخصية، والاعتراض على كيفية استخدامنا لها أو مشاركتها، وتقييد كيفية استخدامنا لها أو مشاركتها. يمكنك دائماَ سحب موافقتك، على سبيل المثال عن طريق إيقاف تشغيل وظيفة إذن الإشعار بالمعلومات في إعدادات جهازك المحمول إذا كنت لا ترغب في قبول معلوماتنا.
يمكنك إرسال طلب للوصول إلى المعلومات التي جمعناها عنك أو حذفها عن طريق إرسال طلبك إلينا على البريد الإلكتروني المقدم في قسم التواصل في الجزء السفلي من هذه السياسة. سنرد على طلبك بما يتوافق مع القانون المطبق ويخضع للتحقق المناسب. يمكنك ممارسة حقوقك من خلال التواصل معنا على
feedback@soulchill.live
إذا كنت لا تريد استخدام وظيفة الموقع، فيمكنك إيقافها في صفحة إعدادات النظام. بعد إيقاف وظيفة الموقع، لن نتمكن من مطابقة زميل اللعب المناسب لك بناءً على معلومات الموقع.
6. تخزين البيانات
قد يتم تخزين المعلومات التي نجمعها منك خارج البلد الذي تعيش فيه، كالولايات المتحدة وسنغافورة. نحتفظ بخوادم رئيسية في جميع أنحاء العالم لنقدم لك خدماتنا عالمياَ وباستمرار. وأنت تدرك وتوافق على أنه يجوز نقل بياناتك الشخصية وتخزينها ومعالجتها من قبل الشركات التابعة و/أو المقاولين من الباطن و/أو الشركاء الموجودين في بلدان ثالثة/خارج البلد الذي تعيش أو تعمل فيه. سنتخذ خطوات وفقاَ للقوانين واللوائح المطبقة في بلدك لضمان حماية بياناتك الشخصية بشكل كافٍ داخل موقع معالجة البيانات.
7. الأمان
نستخدم تدابير معقولة للمساعدة في حماية المعلومات من الضياع والسرقة وإساءة الاستعمال والوصول غير المصرح به والكشف والتغيير والتدمير. ينبغي عليك أن تفهم أنه لا يمكن ضمان أمن أي نظام لتخزين البيانات أو نقل البيانات عبر الإنترنت أو أي شبكة عامة أخرى بنسبة 100%. على الرغم من أننا سنحمي بياناتك الشخصية، على سبيل المثال، عن طريق التشفير، لا يمكننا ضمان أن أمان معلوماتك المنقولة عبر المنصة ليست مخاطرة، ولهذا السبب نحتاج منك التقيد الصارم بالاتفاقيات والإرشادات الواردة في المستندات كسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا، وسنعمل معاَ للحفاظ على أمان معلوماتك الشخصية قدر الإمكان.
لقد وضعنا تدابير تقنية وتنظيمية مناسبة لضمان مستوى أمان مناسب لمخاطر متباينة الاحتمالية والشدة فيما يتعلق بحقوق وحرياتك والمستخدمين الآخرين. نحافظ على هذه التدابير الفنية والتنظيمية وسنقوم بتعديلها من وقت الى آخر لتعزيز الأمان العام لأنظمتنا.
سنقوم، من وقت الى آخر، بتضمين روابط من وإلى مواقع شبكات شركائنا والمعلنين والشركات التابعة لنا. إذا اتبعت رابطاَ لأي من هذه المواقع، فيرجى ملاحظة أن هذه المواقع لها سياسات خصوصية خاصة بها وأننا لا نتحمل أي مسؤولية أو التزام تجاه هذه السياسات. يرجى التحقق من هذه السياسات قبل تقديم أي معلومات إلى هذه المواقع.
8. الاحتفاظ بالبيانات
نحتفظ ببياناتك طالما كان ذلك ضرورياَ لتزويدك بالخدمة. ولكن، هناك حالات من المحتمل أن نحتفظ فيها بهذه البيانات لفترة أطول وفقاَ لالتزاماتنا القانونية أو عندما يكون ذلك ضرورياَ لإنشاء الدعاوى القانونية أو ممارستها أو الدفاع عنها.
بعد إنهاء استخدامك لمنصتنا، نقوم بتخزين معلوماتك بشكل مجمع ومجهول المصدر.
9. القاصر
المنصة غير موجهة للقاصرين بأي شكل. يجب ألا يستخدم القاصرون المنصة لأي غرض، باستثناء ما إذا كان أحد الوالدين أو الوصي قد قدم الموافقة على ذلك. نعني بالقاصرين المستخدمين الذين تقل أعمارهم عن 18 عاماَ؛ أو في حالة منطقة يختلف فيها الحد الأدنى لسن معالجة المعلومات الشخصية، هذا العمر المختلف. بالنسبة للمستخدمين الموجودين في مناطق معينة، قمنا بإدراج الحد الأدنى للعمر ذي الصلة في الجدول أدناه.
المنطقة التي يقع فيها المستخدم
الحد الأدنى لعمر المستخدم
الجزائر
19
كمبوديا
18
مصر
18
المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية/سويسرا
16
هونغ كونغ
18
الهند
18
إندونيسيا
21
المملكة العربية السعودية
18
الكويت
21
ماكاو
18
ماليزيا
18
المكسيك
18
المغرب
18
ميانمار
18
نيوزيلندا
16
نيجيريا
13
الفلبين
18
قطر
18
سنغافورة
13
جنوب أفريقيا
18
سريلانكا
18
تايلاند
20
تونس
18
تركيا
18
الإمارات العربية المتحدة
21
المملكة المتحدة
13
الولايات المتحدة
13
فيتنام
14
نحن لا نجمع معلومات شخصية من القاصرين تحت هذه الأعمار عن قصد لأي غرض من الأغراض. إذا كنت تعتقد أن لدينا معلومات شخصية عن قاصر دون هذه الأعمار بلا موافقة الوالدين أو الوصي، أو إذا كنت أحد الوالدين أو الوصي على المستخدم وترغب في سحب الموافقة، فيرجى إرسال طلبك على【
feedback@soulchill.live
】 وسنقوم بحذف هذه المعلومات.
10. التغييرات
قد نقوم بتحديث سياسة الخصوصية هذه من وقت الى آخر. عندما نحدث سياسة الخصوصية، سنخطرك بتحديث تاريخ "آخر تحديث" في الجزء العلوي من هذه السياسة ونشر سياسة الخصوصية الجديدة وتقديم أي إشعار آخر يتطلبه القانون المطبق. نوصيك بمراجعة سياسة الخصوصية في كل مرة تزور فيها المنصة للبقاء على اطلاع بممارسات الخصوصية الخاصة بنا. بالوصول إلى أو استخدام المنصة، فإنك تقر بأنك قد قرأت هذه السياسة وأنك تفهم حقوقك فيما يتعلق ببياناتك الشخصية وكيف سنقوم بجمعها واستخدامها ومعالجتها. إذا كانت هناك تحديثات رئيسية معنية، فسنخطرك مقدماَ.
11. التواصل
يجب توجيه الأسئلة والتعليقات والطلبات المتعلقة بهذه السياسة إلى:
عنوان البريد الإلكتروني: feedback@soulchill.live
الشروط التكميلية - للولاية القضائية المحددة
في حالة وجود تعارض بين أحكام الشروط التكميلية - للولاية القضائية المحددة ذات الصلة بالولاية القضائية التي تصل إلى أو تستخدم الخدمات منها، وبقية السياسة، يُعمل بالشروط التكميلية - للولاية القضائية المحددة المعنية ويُحتكم إليها.
الجزائر
باستخدام المنصة، فإنك تمنحنا موافقتك على جمع معلوماتك الشخصية وتخزينها ومعالجتها واستخدامها، ونقل معلوماتك الشخصية إلى طرف ثالث (مثل موفري التخزين السحابي المحليين لنسخ بياناتك احتياطياَ كما هو موضح في سياسة الخصوصية) حيث يتم معالجتها يدوياَ وإلكترونياَ.
البرازيل
إذا كنت تستخدم المنصة في البرازيل، فستطبق الشروط الإضافية التالية. في حالة نشوء أي تعارض بين سياسة الخصوصية الرئيسية والشروط الإضافية، تسود الشروط التالية:
موافقة الوالدين والوصي. إذا كان ذلك واجباَ حسب قوانين حماية البيانات البرازيلية، إذا كان عمرك يزيد عن 16 عاماَ ولكنه أقل من 18 عاماَ، فلا يمكنك استخدام وتسجيل حساب إلا بمساعدة والديك أو الوصي القانوني عليك وتعلن وتقر بأنك حصلت على هذه المساعدة لاستخدام الخدمات والموافقة على السياسة.
ممارسة حقوق حماية البيانات. يوفر القانون البرازيلي حقوقاَ معينة للأفراد فيما يتعلق ببياناتهم الشخصية. وبالتالي، نسعى إلى ضمان الشفافية وضوابط الوصول للسماح للمستخدمين بالاستفادة من الحقوق المذكورة.
سنستجيب و/أو نلبي طلباتك لممارسة حقوقك أدناه، وفقاَ للقانون المطبق وعند الاقتضاء، لقانون حماية البيانات العام البرازيلي - LGPD:
أ. تأكيد ما إذا كانت بياناتك قيد المعالجة؛
ب. الوصول إلى بياناتك؛
ج. تصحيح البيانات الناقصة أو غير الدقيقة أو القديمة؛
د. إخفاء هوية أو حجب أو محو البيانات؛
ه. قابلية نقل البيانات الشخصية إلى طرف ثالث؛
و. الاعتراض على معالجة البيانات الشخصية؛
ز. معلومات الكيانات العامة والخاصة التي شاركنا البيانات معها؛
ح. معلومات حول إمكانية رفض تقديم البيانات الشخصية والعواقب المترتبة، عند الاقتضاء؛
ط. سحب موافقتك.
التحقق من هويتك: من أجل سلامتك والسماح لنا بالتأكد من أننا لن نكشف عن أي من بياناتك الشخصية لأطراف ثالثة غير مصرح لها، من أجل التحقق من هويتك وضمان الممارسة المناسبة لحقوقك، قد نطلب منك معلومات و/أو مستندات محددة قبل أن نتمكن من الرد بشكل صحيح على الطلب المستلم بخصوص بياناتك. ستستخدم جميع البيانات والمستندات الواردة منك خلال عملية الرد على طلباتك للأغراض الصارمة المتمثلة في تحليل طلبك، والتحقق من هويتك، وأخيراَ الرد على طلبك.
القيود على حقوقك: قد تكون لدينا أسباب مشروعة لعدم الامتثال لبعض طلباتك في حالات معينة. على سبيل المثال، قد نختار عدم الكشف عن معلومات معينة لك عندما يكون ممكناَ أن يؤثر الكشف سلباَ على عملنا عندما يكون هناك خطر بانتهاك الأسرار التجارية أو حقوق الملكية الفكرية الخاصة بنا. بالإضافة إلى ذلك، يجوز لنا الامتناع عن الامتثال لطلب الحذف عندما يكون الحفاظ على بياناتك مطلوباَ للامتثال لالتزامات قانونية أو تنظيمية أو عندما تكون هذه الصيانة لازمة لحماية حقوقنا ومصالحنا في حالة نشوء نزاع. عندما يكون هذا هو الحال ولم نتمكن من الامتثال لطلب تقدمه، فسنخبرك بأسباب عدم تمكننا من تلبية طلبك.
التواصل: في حالة الشك بشأن خصوصيتك أو حقوقك أو كيفية ممارستها، يرجى التواصل معنا على: [feedback@soulchill.live]. إذا كانت لديك أي أسئلة حول معالجة بياناتك الشخصية، فنحن نود أن نوضحها.
DPO: إذا أردت الوصول إلى مسؤول حماية البيانات، فتواصل معنا على: feedback@soulchill.live
سجلات الوصول. نحتفظ بسجلات الوصول إلى التطبيقات الخاصة بك، بسرية، في بيئة آمنة وخاضعة للرقابة، لمدة 6 أشهر على الأقل، من أجل الامتثال للالتزامات القانونية.
مصر
يتم توفير سياسة الخصوصية هذه باللغة العربية للمستخدمين الموجودين في مصر. في حالة النزاع، تسود النسخة العربية لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
إذا كان عمرك أقل من 18 عاماَ، فيرجى مطالبة أحد والديك أو الوصي القانوني بقراءة هذا معك. إذا كنت تراجع هذه الشروط بصفتك الوالد/الوصي القانوني لمستخدم يقل عمره عن 18 عاماَ، فإنك تقر بموجبه أن هذا المستخدم يتجاوز سن 18 وأنك قد قرأت وأقرت سياسة الخصوصية وشروط الاستخدام وتوافق على استخدام طفلك للمنصة والتسجيل لحساب.
بالنقر فوق زر المتابعة أو من خلال متابعة عملية التسجيل، فإنك تقر بأنك قد قرأت وفهمت سياسة الخصوصية هذه ووافقت عليها. إذا كنت لا توافق على سياسة الخصوصية هذه، فيجب عليك عدم استخدام المنصة.
أنت تقر بموافقتك على معالجة وتخزين بياناتك الشخصية ونقلها عبر الحدود. يجوز أن يكون النقل عبر الحدود إلى أي دولة لدينا فيها قواعد بيانات أو شركات تابعة.
أنت تقر أيضاَ بموافقتك على تلقي رسائل تسويقية منا.
بصفتك صاحب بيانات مصري، لديك حقوق معينة بموجب قانون حماية البيانات الشخصية المصري.
تركيا
إذا كنت تستخدم خدماتنا في تركيا، فستطبق الشروط الإضافية التالية مع محتويات السياسة مذكورة أعلاه. في حالة وجود أي تعارض بين الشروط الإضافية التالية وأحكام الجزء الرئيسي من هذه السياسة، تسود الشروط التالية.
ممثل مراقب البيانات. يمكنك الاتصال بممثل مراقب البيانات لدينا في تركيا عن طريق البريد الإلكتروني أو البريد للتعامل مع الأسئلة والشكاوى المتعلقة بمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية إذا كنت في تركيا.
feedback@soulchill.live
Hürriyet, Dr. Cemil Bengü Cd. NO:4 KOLEKTİF HOUSE MİNT METRO. 302 ODA/KAĞITHANE/İSTANBUL
الأسس القانونية لمعالجة بياناتك الشخصية.
نعتمد على الأسس القانونية التالية أثناء معالجة بياناتك الشخصية وفقاَ للمادة 5 من القانون رقم 6698 بشأن حماية البيانات الشخصية:
المعالجة منصوص عليها صراحة أو تمليها القوانين
تعتبر معالجة بياناتك الشخصية ضرورية بشرط أن تكون مرتبطة بشكل مباشر بإبرام أو تنفيذ العقد المبرم بيننا
المعالجة إلزامية لنا حتى نتمكن من الامتثال لالتزاماتنا القانونية
البيانات المعنية متاحة للجمهور من قبلك
المعالجة إلزامية لإنشاء أو ممارسة أو حماية حق
المعالجة إلزامية لمصالحنا المشروعة، بشرط ألا تنتهك حقوقك وحرياتك الأساسية
موافقتك الصريحة (يرجى ملاحظة أننا نعتمد على هذا الأساس القانوني عندما نطلب موافقتك على المعالجة فقط ولا نعتمد على هذا الأساس القانوني إذا وعندما نعتمد على أحد الأسس القانونية الأخرى أعلاه)
حقوقك.
وفقاَ للمادة 11 من قانون حماية البيانات، تتمتع بالحقوق التالية فيما يتعلق ببياناتك الشخصية:
الحق في معرفة ما إذا كنا نعالج بياناتك الشخصية،
الحق في طلب المعلومات فيما يتعلق بهذه المعالجة، إذا كنا نعالج بياناتك الشخصية،
الحق في معرفة أغراض المعالجة وما إذا كانت تستخدم لهذا الغرض أم لا؛
الحق في معرفة الأطراف الثالثة داخل الدولة أو خارجها، والتي ننقل إليها بياناتك الشخصية،
الحق في طلب تصحيح البيانات الشخصية الناقصة أو غير الدقيقة،
الحق في طلب حذف أو إتلاف بياناتك الشخصية بموجب الشروط المنصوص عليها في المادة 7 من قانون حماية البيانات،
الحق في طلب إخطارنا للأطراف الثالثة، التي نقلنا إليها بياناتك الشخصية، بتصحيح و/أو حذف و/أو إتلاف بياناتك الشخصية بناءً على طلبك ضمن نطاق البندين المذكورين أعلاه،
الحق في الاعتراض على النتائج السلبية عنك الناتجة عن تحليل بياناتك الشخصية المعالجة بوسائل آلية فقط،
الحق في المطالبة بالتعويض عن الأضرار التي تكبدتها بسبب المعالجة غير القانونية لبياناتك الشخصية.
يمكنك ممارسة حقوقك المدرجة أعلاه من خلال التواصل معنا على: feedback@soulchill.live
سيتم حل الطلبات الموجودة في التماسك في أقرب وقت ممكن وفقاَ لطبيعة طلبك وفي غضون ثلاثين يوماَ على أقصى تقدير بلا عمولة. لكن، إذا كان طلبك ينطوي على تكلفة إضافية لشركتنا، فقد يتم محاسبتك على رسوم التعريفة التي يحددها مجلس حماية البيانات الشخصية التركي.
تعديلات
لا تنطبق الأقسام التالية من السياسة على الأفراد في تركيا:
إذا كنت لا توافق على هذه السياسة، فيرجى عدم استخدام هذه المنصة.
بالوصول إلى أو استخدام المنصة، فإنك تقر بأنك قد قرأت هذه السياسة وأنك تفهم حقوقك فيما يتعلق ببياناتك الشخصية وكيف سنقوم بجمعها ومعالجتها.
المملكة العربية السعودية
أنت توافق على جمع واستخدام والإفصاح عن ونقل وتصدير (بالقدر الذي تسمح به القوانين المطبقة) وتخزين معلوماتك الشخصية كما هو موضح في سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
الكويت
أنت تقر بأن عمرك لا يقل عن 21 عاماَ، أو 18 عاماَ وقد حصلت على موافقة أحد الوالدين/ الوصي، وبالتالي، فأنت قادر قانونياَ على التعاقد بموجب القوانين واللوائح المطبقة في الكويت.
بقبولك لسياسة الخصوصية هذه، فإنك تعلن صراحة أنك تفوضنا بجمع واستخدام وتخزين ومعالجة بياناتك الشخصية والكشف عن هذه البيانات لأطراف ثالثة سواء داخل أو خارج الكويت، بما يتماشى مع أحكام سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
ماليزيا
موافقة الوالدين والوصي
إذا كان عمرك أقل من 18 عاماَ، فالرجاء عدم استخدام المنصة. في حالة موافقتك على سياسة الخصوصية هذه حتى يتمكن قاصر من الوصول إلى المنصة واستخدامها، فإنك توافق بموجبه على توفير المعلومات الشخصية للقاصر لتتم معالجتها وفقاَ لسياسة الخصوصية هذه وأنت تقبل وتوافق شخصياَ على الالتزام بشروط سياسة الخصوصية هذه. كذلك، أنت توافق بموجب هذا على تحمل المسؤولية عن تصرفات هذا القاصر، وامتثال ذلك القاصر لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
حقوقك
حق الوصول: لديك الحق في طلب الوصول الى والحصول على نسخة من معلوماتك الشخصية التي جمعناها والتي تُعالج من قبلنا أو بالنيابة عنا. نحتفظ بحق فرض رسوم لتوفير الوصول إلى معلوماتك الشخصية بالمبالغ المسموح بها بموجب القانون.
عند التعامل مع طلب وصول إلى البيانات، يُسمح لنا بطلب معلومات معينة للتحقق من هوية مقدم الطلب للتأكد من أنه الشخص المخول قانوناَ لتقديم طلب الوصول إلى البيانات.
حق التصحيح: يجوز لك طلب تصحيح معلوماتك الشخصية. عند التعامل مع طلب تصحيح بيانات، يُسمح لنا بطلب معلومات معينة للتحقق من هوية مقدم الطلب للتأكد من أنه الشخص المخول قانوناَ لتقديم طلب تصحيح البيانات.
حق تقييد معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية: يجوز لك طلب تقييد معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية باستخدام تفاصيل الاتصال الواردة أعلاه. لكن، قد يؤثر ذلك على توفيرنا لخدمات الألعاب لك.
التواصل
لحماية معلوماتك الشخصية والتعامل مع الشكاوى المتعلقة بمعلوماتك الشخصية، قمنا بتعيين القسم التالي المسؤول عن إدارة وحماية معلوماتك الشخصية.
يمكنك التواصل معنا عبر
【feedback@soulchill.live】
تايلاند
بقبولك لسياسة الخصوصية هذه، أنت تقر بأنك قد قرأت وفهمت ووافقت على سياسة الخصوصية هذه. إذا كنت لا توافق على سياسة الخصوصية هذه، فيجب عليك عدم استخدام المنصة.
يمكنك أن تطلب منا إيقاف، تقييد استخدام أو توفير، و/أو طلب قابلية نقل البيانات لأي من معلوماتك الشخصية المخزونة من قبلنا، إلى الحد المنصوص عليه في القانون المتعلق بقوانين خصوصية البيانات المطبقة في تايلاند، بما في ذلك قانون حماية البيانات الشخصية التايلاندي. عندما ترغب في تقديم مثل هذه الطلبات، يرجى التواصل معنا على 【feedback@soulchill.live】.
سنرسل لك إشعاراَ بأي تغيير جوهري في سياسة الخصوصية هذه، ونمنحك فرصة لرفض هذه التغييرات، وإلا ستصبح التغييرات سارية كما هو مذكور في الإشعار.
الإمارات العربية المتحدة
إذا كنت تستخدم المنصة في الإمارات العربية المتحدة ("UAE")، تطبق الشروط الإضافية التالية. في حالة نشوء أي تعارض بين سياسة الخصوصية الرئيسية والشروط الإضافية، تسود الشروط التالية:
كيف نشارك بياناتك الشخصية
بالإضافة إلى النص الرئيسي لهذه السياسة، باستخدام المنصة في الإمارات العربية المتحدة، فإنك توافق على شروط سياسة الخصوصية هذه وتوافق على مشاركتنا لبياناتك الشخصية بما يتماشى مع النص الرئيسي لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
القانون الحاكم
باستخدام منصتنا في الإمارات العربية المتحدة، ستخضع سياسة الخصوصية هذه وتفسر وفقاَ لقوانين الإمارات العربية المتحدة.
فيتنام
يتم توفير سياسة الخصوصية هذه باللغة الفيتنامية للمستخدمين الموجودين في فيتنام. في حالة النزاع، ستسود هذه النسخة من سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
بالنسبة للأطفال الذين تقل أعمارهم عن 14 عاماَ، يتطلب إنشاء حساب واستخدام منصتنا إذناَ وإشرافاَ من أحد الوالدين أو الوصي القانوني. إذا كنت تراجع هذه الشروط بصفتك أحد الوالدين/الوصي القانوني لمستخدم يقل عمره عن 14 عاماَ، فإنك تقر بموجبه أن هذا المستخدم يتجاوز سن 14 وأنك قد قرأت وأقررت سياسة الخصوصية وشروط الاستخدام وتوافق على استخدام طفلك للمنصة والتسجيل لحساب.