Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how Printpoint (henceforth referred to as “us”, “we” or “our”) may treat any personal information that we collect or receive from you, during your use of our services (the “website”). Please note that we may, from time to time, use third-party data processors, who are not our employees, agents or entities associated to us, whom we have contracted to process your data (“data processors”).
What is the purpose of collecting your personal information?
To perform market research
To personalize your experience and respond better to your individual needs
To improve our website based on the information and feedback you provide us
To inform you via emails or newsletters of products or services provided by us or a third-party that you may be interested in, where you have given your consent to be contacted for such purposes by either us or by third-party data processors, or both.
When you provide personal information to us about another person, you agree that you are authorized to provide the information to us, and that you will inform the said person about our company, how we use his/her/their information, and that he/she/they have the legal right to access their information.
Information we collect
The personal information we collect from you includes and is not limited to your name, email address, telephone number, log in information (including your IP address; you can browse the public areas of the website without identifying yourself or providing personal information), and any transactional information related to order processing and fulfilment.
We may request the above information on the website at the time of registration or at any subsequent point. We may provide the collected data to a third party for fulfilling the particular purpose for which the information was furnished.
Certain situations may compel us to disclose personally identifiable information without your prior consent:
When we are legally obligated to do so, such as providing the information to a law enforcement entity pursuant to a court order issued by a duly authorized court or for the purposes of preventing crime or fraud.
As part of our agreement with a third party for the purchase or sale of any business or asset(s); your information may be shared with the prospective buyer or seller of business or asset(s).
In the event that we or all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case any personal information held by us will among the transferred assets.
To enforce our terms and conditions, or to protect our rights, safety, property, customers or other assets/entities.
As per the Data Collection Act 1998, the data collectors are:
--please add your address---
The data we collect from you may be transferred or stored at a location outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We are committed to ensuring high levels of privacy and security for your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We also go the extra mile to ensure the privacy of every visitor on the website.
Use of non-personal information
We may collect non-personal information about you. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, ‘non-personal data’ is any information that does not directly identify you. It includes the type of browser you use or how you arrived at the website. We will use this information for the sole reason of improving the services we provide. We may, from time to time, inform the third party websites linked to the website about the number of users arriving at the website from their website.
Emails and Newsletters
There are two categories of emails that you can potentially receive from us:
Our email newsletters (e-newsletters) communicating our new products, specials and other relevant information we believe may interest you or Printpoint customers generally.
Emails related to activity on your Printpoint account, such as:
Notifying you about the unordered items in your online cart
Informing you about the free Printpoint credits in your account
Reminding you to use your Printpoint credits before they expire
Explaining how the Printpoint credits you have purchased work
For the purpose of surveys intended to collect your feedback on the orders you have placed on the website
For the purposes of collecting your feedback on the customer service delivered on the website
You have the choice to opt out of our e-newsletters; please contact us through our email
info@printpoint.ie
to complete the process. However, in order for us to continue providing exceptional service and keep you in the loop about any actions you take on the website which we believe you should know – such as reminding you of unordered items in your basket – will continue being sent to you.
Competitions
We may hold competitions on the website from time to time. When you enter a competition on the website, you may be asked to provide your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address. We will collect and use this information as per the provisions stated in this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that is placed in your computer’s hard drive when you visit certain websites. Any website that places a cookie has its own stringent privacy policy. We use cookies to help us remember information about you to improve your experience on the website. It may be necessary to accept cookies to enjoy the full functionality of the website. The website will not work properly on your computer, mobile phone or tablet if you disable cookies.
By visiting the website with your browser set to accept cookies, you will be consenting to our use of cookies for the reasons outlined below.
How to manage cookies
You have the option to disable cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. But for full functionality and personalization, we recommend that you accept cookies.
Please refer to the list below to manage cookies:
Mozilla Firefox
Click on the menu button and choose ‘Options’.
Select ‘Privacy &Security’ panel and go to ‘History’.
In the drop-down menu next to Firefox, choose ‘Use custom settings for history’.
Select ‘Accept cookies from websites’ to enable cookies, and uncheck to disable them.
You can also choose how long cookies are allowed to be stored. You can store them until they expire or until you close Firefox.
Google Chrome
Open Chrome
At the top right, click More Settings
At the bottom, click Advanced
Under ‘Privacy and Security’, click Content Settings
Click Cookies
Turn Allow sites to save and read cookie data on or off
Safari
Safari accepts cookies by default only from the websites you visit, which prevents certain advertisers from storing data on your device. By changing options in Safari preferences you can ensure that Safari always blocks or accepts cookies and other website data.
Choose Safari ‘Preferences’, click ‘Privacy’ and choose any of the steps below:
Change which cookies and website data are accepted by selecting a ‘cookies and website data’ option:
Always block: Safari doesn’t allow any websites, advertisers or third parties store cookies or other data on your Mac. It may prevent some websites from working properly and you may not be able to view all areas of the site.
Allow from current website only: Safari accepts cookies and website data only from the website you’re currently visiting. Any embedded content from third parties is not stored.
Allow from websites I visit: Safari uses your existing cookies to determine if you have visited a website before. If you select this option, you can prevent websites that have embedded content in other websites you browse from storing cookies and data on your Mac device.
Always allow: Safari permits all websites, advertisers and third parties to store cookies and other data on your Mac device.
To remove stored cookies and data, click Manage Website Data, select one or more websites, and click Remove or Remove All.
Internet Explorer 6 onwards
In the tools menu, select ‘Internet options’.
Click on the Privacy tab.
On the privacy settings slider, you can view six settings that allow you to control the number of cookies that will be placed. They include: Block all Cookies, High, Medium High, Medium, Low and Accept All Cookies.
For all other browsers, please visit their support service or community to understand your options and the requisite steps.
Disabling cookies
If users do not accept cookies, they cannot use any of the functionality enabled by them. By disabling cookies, a large part of the website is broken. For this reason, rarely do users disable cookies entirely.
The Printpoint website will not work properly if turn off cookies. Importantly, by disabling cookies, you will not be able to make a purchase on the website.
Accuracy of information
We are committed to maintaining accurate records. If you wish to modify your details, you can do so by signing in to your account or contacting us via our online form.
Security
We have implemented policies and technologies with the goal of protecting your information against unauthorized access . We will continue improving our security posture as new technologies become available.
Access to information
Under the Freedom Of Information Act, you have the legal right to access the information held about you. You also have the legal right to have official information related to you amended when it is incorrect, incomplete or misleading.
You can exercise these rights any time and we will be happy to oblige. Note that a fee of 10€ applies for every access request. This is needed to pay towards the cost associated with providing the information we hold about you.
Your rights
We respect your decision to not share your personal information for marketing purposes. Should we intend to use your information for such purposes, we will inform you prior to collecting the information. We will also let you know if we intend to share your information with any third party for these purposes.
You have the choice to disallow the processing of your personal information by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect the data or by signing in to your account and taking the necessary steps. You can also contact us directly and communicate your intent.
Links
The website may, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of our partners, advertisers and affiliates. By clicking on these links, you will be subjecting yourself to the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of those websites. We do not accept liability for the policies of those websites, and urge you to understand how your personal information will be used prior to submitting it on those online entities.
Policy updates
We reserve the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy. You can visit this page to learn about and understand the changes. We will also try to display information regarding any policy update on our Home Page.
Have a question for us? Please use our contact form or request a call back using this link. If you’re not satisfied with the way your personal information has been handled, please reach out to us at the earliest and we will immediately work at resolving the issue in a time-bound manner.