PRIVACY POLICY – “Tile Snap”
At Shape Shop Pty Ltd as Trustee for Shape Shop Trust (Australian Business Number: 98 789 445 641) (defined here as ‘Shape Shop’, ‘We’, ‘Us’ or ‘Our’), We recognise the importance of your privacy and understand the concerns surrounding security of personal information.
Our Privacy Policy sets out how We collect, use and disclose “personal information” and other “non-personal information” We have gathered about you in relation to your interactions with Us, specifically, by signing up to our mailing list via the form
(Mailing List Signup Form)
in the video-game titled ‘Tile Snap’
(Game)
or by directly contacting Us.
This policy will let you know:
What information (often referred to as ‘data’) is collected from you;
How your information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
How you can access, update, or delete your information.
We will comply with all relevant and applicable legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will prevail over the provisions of this document.
What data do we collect?
We collect data in two ways:
Data you provide Us; and
Data collected by Our third-party partners.
Age Limits
We do not collect any personally identifiable information to anyone under the age of 13 years.
If you believe that We have inadvertently collected information from a person under the age of 13, please contact Us at
support@shapeshop.games
and the information will be permanently deleted.
Data you provide us
How do we use the data we collect?
Data collected can be personal to you or non-personal, and sometimes data that does not appear to be personal can become personal if other certain facts are learned. No matter how We come to collect your data, We will always treat it in accordance with this document, and any applicable legislation, including the
Privacy Act (Cth)
(1988) and the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs). We will retain your data only as necessary for Our legitimate business interests, such as to improve Our products and services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce Our agreements.
What is Personal Information?
‘Personal Information’ is information that identifies you as an individual or information which your identity could be ascertained from. This is only collected by Us if you submit it to us directly in a Mailing List Signup Form.
What about Sensitive Information?
Sensitive information includes information about such things as an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional body, criminal records or health information.
We will not attempt to obtain nor record any sensitive information.
Data collected by our third-party partners.
Collection of other ‘Non-Personal’ Information
Some non-personal information may be gathered while you use Our Game. Non-personal information is general, non-identifiable and anonymous information that is gathered for statistical, analytical and research purposes such as the improvement of our video-games (for example, bug fixes).
Our Game may contain APIs from other third parties. These are third party services, and we do not control how they interact with you, and you should ensure that you consent to the terms of use and privacy policies offered by the third-party services before providing them with your information.
Our third-party partners, and their privacy policies are as follows:
MailChimp
:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy
You may contact these third-party partners via the following:
MailChimp
:
https://www.intuit.com/privacy/submit-a-question/
Access, Deletion and Correction of Your Personal Informaton.
Regardless of how We come in contact with your data, you have the right to request access to any personal information We hold about you, subject to Australian Privacy Principle (APP) 12.3. You may request access to the information We hold about you by contacting Us via email at
support@shapeshop.games
.
If at any time You believe that personal information about You is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, You may request that We amend such information. If We refuse your request, We will provide you a written notice which will outline the reasons for such refusal and the complaint mechanisms available to you.
You may also request that We delete any personal information We hold about you by contacting Us via email at
support@shapeshop.games
.
Disclosure, Transfer and Security of Your Personal Information
Disclosure and Security of Your Information
We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to Us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law.
Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Technical measures such as data security and firewalls are in place to protect your personal data, with internal transfers of data kept to a minimum.
Transfer of Information outside of Australia
We will not send your personal information outside of Australia, unless:
You have provided your consent; or
It is necessary to complete a transaction in Our Game; and
We believe that the recipient of such information is subject to a law, or binding scheme, that has the effect of protecting the information in a way that, overall, is at least substantially similar to the way in which the Australian Privacy Principles protect the information; and there are mechanisms that the individual can access to take action to enforce that protection of the law or binding scheme; or
Where otherwise allowed by the
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth).
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at
https://shapeshop.games/tilesnap_privacy.html.
We will always keep this Policy up to date so that you know what information We will collect from you, how We may use it, and when We may disclose it.
Complaints
You can lodge a complaint about any breach of this Privacy Policy by Us at the address below.
Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact Shape Shop at:
support@shapeshop.games
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
Phone:
1300 363 992 (local call cost, but calls from mobile and pay phones may incur higher charges). If calling from overseas (including Norfolk Island): +61 2 9284 9749
TTY:
1800 620 241 (this number is dedicated to the hearing impaired only, no voice calls)
TIS:
Translating and Interpreting Service: 131 450 (If you don’t speak English or English is your second language and you need assistance and ask for the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner)
Post:
GPO Box 2999 Canberra ACT 2601
Fax:
+61 2 9284 9666
Email:
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Privacy policy last updated 21 June 2023