Facebook
x
LinkedIn
Email
French
This Privacy Policy was last updated on February 21, 2025
Introduction
ATP Tour, Inc. ("ATP," “we”, “our” and “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. Please read this Privacy Policy, as well as our Terms of Use Agreement for more details about how we use information about you that you submit to the atptour.com website or to any other ATP controlled website with a privacy policy section that links to this policy (“Website”) or that we otherwise obtain, for example through our business dealings or other interactions with you or others. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use such information. Personal information is any information that is capable of identifying you as an individual.
IF YOU ARE UNDER 16 (SIXTEEN) YEARS OLD, PLEASE TALK TO YOUR PARENTS BEFORE USING THE WEBSITE OR PROVIDING YOUR NAME OR OTHER PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE TO ATP. YOU CANNOT SUBMIT INFORMATION TO THE WEBSITE OR TO ATP WITHOUT YOUR PARENT'S PERMISSION (OR A PERSON WITH PARENTAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOU).
WHO WE ARE
We are ATP Tour, Inc., (incorporated and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and with its principal office at 201 ATP Tour Boulevard, Ponte Vedra Beach Florida, Florida 32082, United States).
ATP collects, uses and is responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are regulated under the General Data Protection Regulation which applies across the European Union and under the UK General Data Protection Regulation and Data Protection Act 2018 in the United Kingdom and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws. We are registered with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office under registration number ZA339610.
Contacting Us
Our Chief Technology Officer is Chris Dix.
If you have any questions about our privacy notice or your information, or to exercise any of your rights as described in this privacy notice or under data protection laws, you can contact our Chief Technology Officer at:
By email:
privacy@atptour.com
By telephone: +1 904 285 8000
For all Tennis TV-related inquiries, please contact Tennis TV directly at
help@tennistv.com
.
Our appointed representative in the European Economic Area (EEA)
As we are based in Florida, USA, we have appointed ATP London to be our representative within the EEA. Their contact details are:
ATP London
22 Worple Road
Wimbledon
SW19 4DD
Email:
privacy@atptour.com
TOPICS
1.   Personal information we collect
2.   What we do with your personal information
3.   Promotional communications
4.   Disclosure of your personal information to third parties
5.   International transfers
6.   Security of your personal information
7.   How long we keep your personal information
8.   Access to and updating your personal information
9.   Right to object
10. Your other rights
11. Exercising your rights
12. Children’s privacy
13. Cookies
14. U.S. State Privacy Laws
15. Complaints
16. Changes to our Privacy Policy
1.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
(a)
Information you provide to us
: you can visit the Website without disclosing any information about yourself. However, to participate in any interactive features including, but not limited to, contests with prizes and giveaways, forums, games, downloads of content, receive information from ATP such as mobile alerts, newsletters or email regarding news, results, ATP products, tickets alerts, and partners’ offers, (collectively, the "Services"), or if you are a business contact or other person communication with us for any reason, we may ask you to provide all or some of the categories of information set out in the table in section 1(c) below:
If you are a Website user and choose not to provide such information, it is possible that some of the interactive features of our Services will not function.
(b)
Information collected via third parties
: the Website contains links to websites that are not operated by ATP, such as the companies which operate Fantasy Tennis and the ATP Shop. These third parties may collect data from you and share some of that data with us. ATP is careful when choosing its partners, sponsors, and affiliates, but ATP is not responsible for any use of personal information by such third parties. We do not monitor, control, or endorse privacy practices of third parties. We recommend that you view the privacy policy posted on each website that you use to confirm that the site's policies are acceptable to you.
(c) Table showing categories and types of personal data we may process:
Categories of personal data
Type of data
Name and contact details (identifiers)
your name;
your address (including city, state/province, country and zip/postal code);
your email address;
your telephone numbers.
Biographical information (professional and employment information, commercial information)
your date of birth;
your gender;
your job title and employer;
your photo, video footage, and likeness.
Interactions, transactions and preferences (internet activity, inferences)
your consents;
usage data (including page views, videos watched, content interactions, device information);
data relating to subscriptions, live stream events, tickets, retail purchases etc.
information about your favorite ATP events, personalities, and other subjects of interest to tennis fans.
We may collect personal information about you that is provided to us by third parties which, by way of example, could be other people with whom we interact, colleagues of yours, or from our service providers.
2.
WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The purpose for which we use and process your information and the legal basis on which we carry out each type of processing is explained below.
If you browse our Website
When you browse our Website, we may collect and process your personal information to understand how you use our Website. Processing this information is necessary to perform our obligations with any contract made with you, and in our legitimate business interests in order to improve the Website based on your use.
If you register and access an account on our Website.
When you sign up and create an account on our Website, we will process your personal information in order to process this registration. This personal information will then be processed to identify you when you log-in to your account. This is necessary for us to perform our contractual obligations with you as a registered user, and in our legitimate business interests in order to improve the Website based on your use of the Website.
Marketing and communications
If you have opted-in to receive promotional electronic communications from us, or our commercial partners, we will process your personal information in order for these to be delivered to you. It is in our legitimate business interests to do this, however, we will not send marking information unless you have opted-in to receive it.
To comply with our legal obligations and for administrative and other purposes for our business.
Whether you are visiting our Website or are a business contact or other person in communication with us, it is in our legitimate interest to process your personal information in order to comply with our legal obligations, enforce our legal rights, uphold the integrity of the sport of tennis, protect those of third parties and carry out legitimate business or other functions.
To comply with our contractual commitments
We may process your personal data because it is necessary for us to do so in order to enter into or perform a contract we may have with you, with an entity connected to you or with a third party, or a contract that otherwise affects or relates to you.
To uphold the integrity of the game of tennis
If, whether in the course of attending a match or otherwise, we or our security contractors have a reasonable belief you may be relevant to an antidoping or anti-corruption investigation, we may process your personal data in order to investigate and, if necessary, take action against you. This processing may include openly or covertly taking photos or recording footage of you while attending a match venue.
Use of cookies to understand how our Website is used.
We use cookies on our Website, to understand how individuals interact with our Website. Where your personal information is collected by non-essential cookies, we rely on your consent to collect this information for the related purpose of processing.
Where we rely on legitimate interests as a lawful basis, we may carry out a balancing test to ensure that your interests, rights and freedoms do not override our legitimate interests. If you want further information on any balancing test we have carried out, you can request this from us using the contact details set out above.
Where you provide consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time and free of charge, but without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You can withdraw your consent by contacting our Chief Technology Officer as provided in Contacting Us above.
3.
PROMOTIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
We will not send you any unsolicited promotional communications. We will only send you promotional electronic communications where you have signed up to receive these. We may also share your personal data with third parties, as set out further below, in order that they can send you promotional electronic communications, where you have signed up to receive them. Promotional communications may include newsletters and communications to your e-mail about news, tournaments, competitions, ticketing and offers from the ATP.
You have the right to opt out of receiving email or text promotional communications from us at any time by:
contacting our Chief Technology Officer using the contact details set out above; or
using the “unsubscribe” link in emails or text messages.
If you would like to close your account with us and delete your profile, please contact our Chief Technology Officer using the contact details set out above.
4.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
ATP will not sell or lease your personal information to third parties not associated with ATP, except as described in this Privacy Policy.
ATP will share such information with its affiliates (including but not limited to ATP Media), staff, consultants, partners, sponsors and affiliates as necessary.
Personal information will also be shared with our third-party service providers who assist with the running of the Website and our Services, including data hosting, data warehousing, website support, marketing, and IT services; including but not limited to:
MailChimp (that is, The Rocket Science Group, LLC) in order to manage email marketing lists and to send marketing emails to you. You can read MailChimp’s privacy policy at
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
and cookie policy at
https://mailchimp.com/legal/cookies/
.
Two Circles Ltd for the purpose of providing data management, data analytics and other data driven services to the ATP.  You can read the Two Circles’ privacy policy at
https://twocircles.com/gb-en/privacy-policy/
.
dotdigital (including dotdigital EMEA Limited (based in the UK), dotdigital B.V. (based in the Netherlands), dotdigital, Inc. (based in the US), dotdigital SG Pte Ltd (based in Singapore), and dotdigital APAC Pty Ltd (based in Australia)) in order to manage email marketing lists and to send marketing emails to you. You can read dotdigital’s privacy policy at
https://dotdigital.com/terms/privacy-policy/
and cookie policy at
https://dotdigital.com/terms/cookie-policy/
.
WeAreSocial Ltd, in order to assist in the activation of social campaigns and marketing activities by facilitating the collection of sign-up data for our newsletter. You can read WeAreSocial’s privacy policy at
https://wearesocial.com/uk/privacy-policy/
The following companies, , in order to assist in the activation of social campaigns and holding marketing lists on the Meta Business Platform.
•
Facebook / Meta. You can read Meta’s privacy policy at:
https://en-gb.facebook.com/privacy/policy
•
Google. You can read Google’s privacy policy at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
•
X (formerly Twitter). You can read X’s privacy policy at:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
•
Tiktok. You can read TikTok’s privacy policy at:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy
Bloomreach Inc (based in the US) and/or Bloomreach B.V. (based in The Netherlands) for the purpose of data hosting and data warehousing and facilitating collaborative data sharing with our partners in accordance with this privacy policy.
OneTrust, LLC, a third-party cookie compliance platform, to manage cookie preferences and ensure compliance with applicable privacy laws.
Deloitte LLP, for the purposes of the provision of professional consultancy, advisory and audit services. Deloitte LLP’s privacy policy can be viewed here:
https://www2.deloitte.com/uk/en/footerlinks1/privacy.html
.
Minute.ly (Minute Spoteam Ltd) in order to optimise video content, garner insights into how video content is performing and give you a more tailored user experience. You can read Minute.ly’s privacy policy at https://minute.ly/privacy-policy/.
Any other third party professional services advisers who we may engage from time to time.
Personal information will also be shared with our partners, in order for them to be able to send you promotional electronic communications, where you have signed up to receive them. These partners include:
WTA Tour, Inc. (“WTA”) for the purpose of sending marketing messages to you about news, tournaments, competitions, ticketing and offers from the WTA and for undertaking analysis and profiling and for personalising such messages. You can read WTA’s privacy policy at
https://www.wtatennis.com/privacy-policy
.
ATP sanctioned tournaments, as mentioned at the following link
https://www.atptour.com/en/tournaments
for the purposes of sending marketing emails to you about the tournaments, tickets and any offers which may be available to you.
La Federazione Italiana Tennis, for the purpose of sending marketing emails about the Nitto ATP Finals and Next Gen ATP Finals. You can read FIT’s privacy policy at
https://www.federtennis.it/Privacy-Policy
.
ATP commercial sponsors, as listed on our website (
https://www.atptour.com/en/partnerships/atp-partners
) , for the purpose of providing third party offers, products or services that may be of interest to you.
ATP Media, for the purposes of sending you marketing messages about their products and services, which may include their TennisTV service and for undertaking analysis and profiling and for personalising such messages. ATP Media’s privacy policy can be viewed here:
https://www.atpmedia.tv/
and their TennisTV specific privacy policy can be viewed here:
https://www.tennistv.com/privacy-policy
.
Our third-party service providers are subject to security and confidentiality obligations and are only permitted to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
In addition, ATP may disclose personal information about you:
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation or lawful government or public authority request;
with the International Tennis Integrity Agency (“ITIA”) and its predecessor or successor organisations, for the purpose of assistance with their anti-corruption and anti-doping investigations. You can read ITIA’s privacy policy at
https://www.itia.tennis/privacy-policy
. We will share personal data with the ITIA, and its predecessor or successor organizations, to assist them in carrying out their anti-corruption and anti-doping functions, which may include:
(a) Preventing and detecting doping, corruption and/or other breaches or crimes in professional tennis;
(b) Administering an anti-doping and anti-corruption program including processing applications, conducting investigations and operating a ‘no credentials’ list of individuals who are subject to exclusion from tournaments sanctioned or recognized by governing bodies;
(c) Communicating with individuals (e.g. regarding enquiries, complaints, grievances, comments and requests) and registering for any conferences or educational seminar;
(d) Defending the legal rights, property and/or safety of the ITIA or others;
with security consultants and contractors to ensure the security and integrity of ATP-sanctioned events;
with players, tournaments, governing bodies, service providers and others for the purpose of all aspects of the organisation or administration of events and other ATP related business;
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
in the event all or substantially all of our assets and our Website are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us about you will be one of the transferred assets;
if necessary to operate our systems properly or to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another person; or
to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or to establish, exercise or defend the rights of ATP, our staff, members or others.
5.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
The personal information we receive will be transferred to, and stored, at locations outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the UK for the purposes of processing by us and by third party service providers that work for ATP. This includes the USA, Monaco and Australia.
Where personal information is transferred to and stored in a country not determined by the European Commission or the UK as providing adequate levels of protection for personal information, we take steps to provide appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information, including:
In the case of transfers from the EU, entering into the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission on 21 June 2021;
In the case of transfers from the UK, the international data transfer agreement (IDTA) and the international data transfer addendum to the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses for international data transfers (Addendum) as issued under the UK GDPR; and
Any replacement or successor documents to those mentioned above.
In the absence of an adequacy decision or of appropriate safeguards as referenced above, we will only transfer personal data to a location outside of the EEA where one of the following applies:
the transfer is necessary for the performance of our contractual engagement with you;
the transfer is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or
you have provided explicit consent to the transfer.
If you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of the EEA, please contact us using the details set out above.
6.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
ATP is strongly committed to ensuring the security of any personal information that we obtain through our Website or otherwise.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personal information. Only authorised personnel and third party service providers are permitted access to personal information, and that access is limited by need.
Where data processing is carried out on our behalf by a third party, we take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are in place to prevent unauthorised disclosure of personal information.
Despite these precautions, however, ATP cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted over the Internet or that unauthorised persons will not obtain access to personal information. In the event of a data breach, ATP have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where required to do so.
7.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your personal information will not be kept for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and processed.
The criteria we use for retaining your personal information, includes the following:
Registered users
– we will retain your information for so long as you are registered to receive newsletters and other communications from ATP. After you have ceased to be a registered user, we will retain your information for a period of 2 years.
Legal and regulatory requirements
– we may need to retain personal information for up 7 years where necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our Terms of Use Agreement.
8.  ACCESS TO AND UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right to access information which we hold about you (“data subject access request”). We may refuse to comply with a subject access request if the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive or repetitive in nature.
You also have the right to receive your personal information in a structured and commonly used format so that it can be transferred to another data controller (“data portability”). The right to data portability only applies where your personal data is processed by us with your consent or for the performance of a contract and when processing is carried out by automated means.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate or incomplete (“data rectification”). Please keep us informed if your personal information changes during your relationship with us. We may refuse to comply with a request for rectification if the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive or repetitive.
9.
RIGHT TO OBJECT
Direct marketing
You have the right to object at any time to our processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Where we process your information based on our legitimate interests
You also have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of your personal information which is based on our legitimate interests (“right to object”). Where you object on this ground, we shall no longer process your personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
10.
YOUR OTHER RIGHTS
In certain circumstances, you have the right to:
request the erasure or deletion of your personal information (“right to be forgotten”);
restrict the processing of your personal information to processing in certain circumstances, including with respect to use of sensitive personal information (“right to restrict processing”);
not be subject to a decision of automated processing and profiling;
right to withdraw consent; and
right to complain to the relevant supervisory authority in relation to data protection (see section 14 below).
Please note that the above rights are not absolute and we may be entitled to refuse requests, wholly or partly, where exceptions under the applicable law apply. We may refuse a request for erasure, for example, where the processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or where there is an applicable exception. We may refuse to comply with a request for restriction if the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive or repetitive in nature.
You may have the right to appeal a refusal to take action on your request. To make such a request, please submit a request to privacy@atptour.com.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights.
11.  EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
You can exercise any of your rights as described in this privacy notice and under data protection laws by contacting us as provided in Contacting Us above.
Save as described in this privacy notice or provided under data protection laws, there is no charge for the exercise of your legal rights. However, if your requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, we may either: (a) charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or taking the action requested; or (b) refuse to act on the request.
Where we have reasonable doubts concerning the identity of the person making the request, we may request additional information necessary to confirm your identity. You may also make a request through a designated agent. To designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, please provide us with a power of attorney or other legally binding written document signed by you and identifying your agent. We may also verify the identity of your designated agent.
12.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The safety of children, both online and offline, is important to ATP and all its members. So, if you are under the age of 16, please ask your parents to look at this page with you before you submit any personal information to the ATP Website.
Parents/persons with parental responsibility: this Website is a general audience Website. We do not knowingly collect and/or share personal information from children under the age of sixteen on the Website, without consent from a parent or person with parental responsibility. However, your child cannot use some of the interactive features or Services of the Website, such as the Contest or Message Features, without providing personal information. We therefore strongly recommend using the Website with your child if he or she is interested in participating in an interactive feature of the site. If, in the future, ATP collects personal information from children, it will do so in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and applicable data protections laws.
13.
COOKIES
From time-to-time ATP may place a cookie on your device. A "cookie" is a small line of code that is stored on your browser and/or device when you visit a cookie-enabled Website. A cookie allows us to track and keep records on user activity.
This website uses cookies to collect anonymous analytics data about how visitors use and interact with our site. The information gathered is used solely for our internal analytics to improve the website experience, and is not shared with any third parties other than OneTrust, whose cookie compliance solution we use.  Users can control and delete these cookies through their browser settings.
If you don’t want us to use cookies when you use the Website, you can set your internet browser settings not to accept cookies. However, if you block cookies some of the Services on our Website may not function as a result.
We also use targeting pixels on our websites. These let us see how you interact with our content. When you visit a page with a pixel, it tells us things like which adverts brought you to us or which pages you spend the most time on. This helps us understand what interests you, so we can make our website more relevant and show you ads and offers that are tailored to your preferences. We only enable tracking pixels where you have consented to targeting cookies.
You can find more information about how to manage cookies for all the commonly used internet browsers by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org.  This website will also explain how you can delete cookies which are already stored on your device.
We also use "Google Analytics" on the Website. This cookie provides us with a visitor count and an understanding of how visitors move around and use the website.  We can then use this information to improve navigability and the Website generally.
We are obliged by Google Analytics to state the following:
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site.  The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.  Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
14. U.S. STATE PRIVACY LAWS
This section applies to individuals in the United States living in states with privacy laws requiring additional disclosures and information about how we collect, use, and otherwise process personal information within the scope of those laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Sensitive Personal Information
Certain data elements we collect may be deemed “sensitive” personal information, including your username and password to access your account. We do not use or disclose such sensitive personal information to “infer” characteristics as defined under the CCPA, or for any purpose other than that which is necessary to provide our services.
Sales and Sharing of Personal Information (Targeted Advertising)
As described herein, we may use cookies, targeting pixels, and other similar tracking technologies that enable our advertising partners, including social media companies, analytics services, and other third-party business to collect and disclose your personal information directly from your browser or device when you visit or interact with our digital properties or otherwise engage with us online. In some cases, we may provide personal information we collect from you to these partners for targeted advertising or analytics purposes.
To opt out of these “sales” or “shares” of personal information (as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other similar U.S. state privacy laws, please visit our
Cookies Settings
or email us at privacy@atptour.com. We will also recognize your Global Privacy Control signal as a valid request to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information.
California’s Shine the Light Law
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@atptour.com.
15.
COMPLAINTS
We hope that we or our Chief Technology Officer can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information. If you have questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please send an email with the details of your question or concern to
privacy@atptour.com
.
You also have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the UK or the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at
https://ico.org.uk
or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
16.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
ATP reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be posted on this page with an updated revision date. We will post a prominent notice on the Website to notify you of any significant changes to our privacy notice, or update you by other appropriate means.
© 2025 ATP Tour, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Fonseca downs Nishikori, reaches Phoenix Challenger final
Singles slayers Arevalo and Pavic claim Indian Wells doubles title
Highlights: Arevalo and Pavic defeat Korda and Thompson Indian Wells doubles final 2025
Extended Highlights: Draper upsets Alcaraz, Rune beats Medvedev
Nervous Alcaraz: I worried more about Draper than my own game
Jack
Draper
GBR
0
Vs
1
Holger
Rune
DEN
Rank
6
1st Serve points won
75%
Aces
4258
Career Win/Loss
70%
Service Games Won
83%
1
Giovanni Mpetshi Perricard
301.4
2
Matteo Berrettini
300.5
3
Alexander Zverev
297.3
4
Jannik Sinner
296.5
5
Taylor Fritz
296.2
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Essential Cookies Only
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/:
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
GLOBAL PRIVACY STATEMENTS
You deserve transparency into our data use
Select your preferred language
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
Intuit Global Privacy Statement
Last Updated: September 8, 2024
See previous Privacy Statements
Expand All
Collapse All
Scope of this Privacy Statement and our role
Intuit responsibly leverages technology to power prosperity around the world. We believe that everyone has a right to privacy. As a financial services and technology company, we’re providing this Global Privacy Statement (
“Privacy Statement”
) to explain how we, Intuit Inc. and the
Intuit group companies
(collectively
“Intuit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
), collect, use, share, or otherwise process information that we collect through our services. These services include, as applicable, our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy Statement, or when other businesses provide us your personal information (collectively, the
“Services”
). This Privacy Statement is global, meaning it applies to all Intuit Services. We may provide additional or supplemental privacy statements for certain products or services.
This Privacy Statement describes our privacy practices when we process:
Personal information for the purposes of preparing a tax return or in connection with the preparation of a tax return (collectively, “
Tax Preparation Information
”) as part of providing TurboTax tax preparation services;
Personal information for the purposes of providing the benefits of our websites and the Intuit platform, which includes all of Intuit’s services, sites, experiences and software (including through our mobile applications and desktop applications) other than Tax Preparation Information (the “
Intuit Platform
”); and
Personal information as necessary to manage, run, improve, and develop our business and personalize your experience while interacting with the Intuit Platform. Depending on your settings, this may include showing you personalized ads or recommending certain Intuit products based on your interests.
Intuit determines the purposes and means of the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement, and therefore acts as a ‘data controller’ (or equivalent/similar terms under applicable data privacy laws) of such information. We may share your personal information within the
Intuit group companies
and conduct processing activities as controllers or joint controllers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
In certain circumstances, there may be more than one data controller processing your personal information. For example, your employer or a financial partner may also act as a data controller. In these situations, we act as an independent data controller over our processing activities. This means we determine how your personal information will be processed independently from the other data controllers. The other data controllers have their own obligations under applicable data privacy laws. Intuit is not responsible for other data controllers’ processing activities, and you should contact them directly for questions about how they process your personal information and about how to exercise your privacy rights in relation to such processing.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to certain processing activities where we are not the controller. For example, where Intuit processes personal information as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including when we process personal information on behalf of customers of our professional tax software products. When we act as a processor or service provider, the privacy statement of the customer who uses our Services applies, instead of this Privacy Statement, and our processing of such personal information is governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns about personal information that we process on behalf of a customer, or wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding such personal information, please contact the customer directly.
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to Intuit Financial Services or Intuit’s processing of education records subject to state or federal laws or children’s data in our education curriculum products. You may find the privacy statement for Intuit Financial Services
here
, and the privacy statement for Intuit for Education
here
.
If you have any questions about how Intuit processes your personal information, please see How to contact us below.
The Intuit platform
The Intuit Platform and your personal information
When we say “platform,” we mean that when you choose to share data with us, or bring over information from third parties (like a bank or loan provider), Intuit uses that data together, not just within the individual offering(s) you’re using. This means that, for example, we may use your bookkeeping details from QuickBooks, contact and purchase history details from Mailchimp, and/or recommendations from Credit Karma. The personal information we use in this centralized way may relate to you as an end user of our Services or as a customer or vendor of an Intuit customer whose personal information has been included in the Intuit Platform.
Business account information
Some experiences and services within the Intuit Platform allow you to interact with a business (such as your employer). If you are granted access to a business account (for example, in QuickBooks), the business owner or a designated administrator may control and administer details of your account, for example, by deciding your access rights; making decisions about your personal information (such as details about your payroll); or requiring you to take certain actions (for example, use location tracking to clock in for a shift). If the owner or designated administrator changes your access rights, then you may lose access to the information the business controls.
Your use of the Intuit Platform as part of a business account may be subject to the business’s policies, which may differ from this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other businesses, and you should consider both the business’s policies and whether you are comfortable giving the business access to your personal information before connecting to their services.
Personal information we collect
The personal information that we collect or otherwise receive about you depends on the context of your interactions with Intuit, how you configure your account, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings. The way we process your personal information may also depend on the particular Services, functionalities, or experiences you use, your location, and applicable law.
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with your information as follows:
Contact data and account profile data.
We collect information when you (or your organization) create an account, activate a subscription, and/or upload information to the Intuit Platform. Personal information may include your name, previous name(s) and/or nicknames, title and honorifics, professional title and company name, education, billing and mailing addresses, phone number and email address, profile photo, billing information (your payment information), purchase history, demographic information, preferences, subscription data, and your username and account credentials.
Identity verification information.
We collect information to verify your identity, including your name, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, driver’s license number, passport number, government-issued identification details, and similar information to verify your identity and to help you file your tax return.
Communications, feedback and survey data, and related data.
We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number and any other personal information you choose to share when you reach out to us for support, give us feedback, participate in optional surveys, attend our events, participate in product research or training, or otherwise interact or communicate with us. This information may include: call center recordings and call monitoring records, chat and text records, voicemails, photographs, and video images.
Marketing data.
You may provide us with your contact information and preferences for receiving marketing communications.
Social and community content.
We receive content you post on our social media pages and our community pages.
Business and financial information.
We may receive information about your business, your finances, expenses, invoices, financial statements, details of your financial transactions, payroll details, payment details, tax return details, details about your customers, vendors, or employees, income and wage information, and/or investment information.
Interactions with experts.
The Intuit Platform provides many opportunities for you to connect with live experts, including, for example, accountants or tax preparers. When you interact with these experts, we may receive information about the questions you ask, the details of your accounts, and the guidance provided to you.
Interactions with chatbots.
We may receive information from you through your use of chatbots, digital assistants, or other interactive bots across the Intuit Platform.
Device and contact data.
If you grant permission in your device settings, certain features may have access to your device and contacts.
Business connection data.
We may collect information about you when you interact with the Intuit Platform through our customers. If you are a customer, vendor or prospect of an Intuit customer and interact with the Intuit Platform (for example, to pay an invoice, make a purchase, interact with an email, provide contact details or complete a survey), we will use this information to make recommendations about you to our customers. Our customers may also provide business connection data directly about you to us; this is described below under ‘Other users’.
Third-party sources
The Intuit Platform is designed to help you connect with other people and businesses. As a result of those connections, others may be able to input personal information about you, including other customers using the Intuit Platform. For example, an Intuit customer may share personal information about you with us in order to use and benefit from the Intuit Platform. You also may be able to input or process personal information about others, for example, if you are an account administrator of one of our products or use Intuit to manage customer lists. If you input information about others into the Platform, you must only do so if you have first provided sufficient notice and received any required permissions, and have an appropriate legal basis if required by applicable law.
We may also receive personal information about you from other third parties where you have provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. We protect and process the personal information obtained from those third parties as described in this Privacy Statement, consistent with any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. Our third-party sources may vary over time and depend upon how you use the Intuit Platform. For example, we receive information from:
Linked third-party services.
If you choose to sync a non-Intuit account/service with your Intuit account, we will receive information from that account/service according to your settings with that account/service. This may include details of your bank account information, social media information, purchase history or your business’s sales records through a point of sale application.
Supplemental information and identity verification providers.
We work with certain third parties to help us verify your identity, the specifics of your business, and/or supplement the personal information you have provided and ensure the accuracy of your personal information. For example, we use third-party providers to validate your contact information (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number) or to provide additional details about your business. These providers may include, for example, your financial institution, telecommunications provider, or email provider.
Customer support providers.
We receive personal information about you or your interaction with the Intuit Platform from certain third parties for troubleshooting purposes. For example, we may obtain information about your interaction(s) with customer support and information about technical issues you have raised, including call center recordings, call monitoring records, voicemails, photographs and chat records.
Credit bureaus and related third parties.
Many Intuit features rely on information we receive from credit bureaus and related third parties. For example, in some countries, we may offer free credit reports and credit scores. We request these reports and credit scores on your behalf from credit bureau partners, like TransUnion, Experian and Equifax. These partners may also provide personal information such as employment or income data, social security number, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so we can make more personalized recommendations for you.
Other users.
As described above, we may receive personal information about you from other Intuit Platform users, such as your accountant, bookkeeper, tax preparer, spouse, employer, or other business customers using the Intuit Platform (e.g., businesses from which you buy products or services, or with which you otherwise interact). We may also collect such personal information through features like member referral programs.
Risk management, cybersecurity & anti-fraud providers.
We may receive personal information from third parties that help us assess risks associated with our offerings, including to help combat fraud and illegal activity and to help protect your personal information.
Data providers.
We may receive information from information services and data licensors that provide demographic and preference information to us.
Content providers.
We may receive personal information from companies that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Joint offering partners.
We may offer co-branded services or experiences or engage in joint-marketing activities with others, including through our conferences or live events.
Government agencies.
We receive information from government agencies, including from various tax agencies, such as your tax filing confirmation from the IRS.
Public information.
We collect individual and household demographic information and preference information from publicly available sources, such as open government databases, social media platforms, and others.
Automatic data collection
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log personal information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services, such as:
Device information.
We may collect information about your device(s) such as IP addresses, log information, error messages, device type, and unique device identifiers. For example, we may collect IP addresses from you as part of our sign in and security features.
Usage information.
We may collect information about your use of the Intuit Platform, such as the pages you viewed, the services and features you used or interacted with, your browser type, and details about any links or communications with which you interacted.
Location information.
Certain features in the Intuit Platform may collect your precise location information, device motion information, or both, if you or your organization grant(s) us permission to do so through your device settings (for example, if you use QuickBooks’ time-tracking service, participate in Karma Drive, or use CK Money to locate nearby ATMs).
Information stored locally.
Some of our web-enabled desktop services and offerings synchronize with the information on your computer. In doing so, we may collect information such as device information, product usage, and error reports. We may also store personal information locally on your device.
Communication interaction data.
We or our third-party service providers may collect information from email providers, communication providers and social networks, such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Online behavioral data
. We may automatically collect certain personal information about your use and interactions with our websites, customers’ websites or e-commerce stores, social media websites, and marketing campaigns that we or our customers organize, including device information (such as your IP address and unique device IDs), page view information and search results, links, and if you are a customer contact, whether or not a campaign presented or sent to you using our offerings has been viewed, delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it has bounced or was treated as spam.
Cookies and similar technologies
Intuit and our service providers may use commonly used tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) to collect information about you (“
Cookie Information
”) so we can provide the experiences you request, recognize your visit, track your interactions, and improve your and other customers’ experiences. For example, we may use session-replay technologies,
such as those provided by FullStory and Medallia, that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, scrolls and keystrokes/key touches during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can learn more about FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy
and you can opt-out of session recording by FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
. You can learn more about Medallia at
https://www.medallia.com/privacy-policy/
.
You have control over some of the information we collect from Cookies and how we use it. Please see Your Personal Information Rights and Choices section for more information. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies please see our
Intuit Cookie Policy
. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies when you use or interact with our Mailchimp offerings, please also see our
Mailchimp Cookie Statement.
Biometric Information
Certain parts of the Intuit Platform make use of biometric personal information (“
Biometric Information
“). We will not collect your Biometric Information without first providing notice and obtaining your consent. For more details about how we use Biometric Information, please see our
Biometric Notice
.
How we use personal information
We may use your personal information in a number of ways or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:
Provide you with the Intuit Platform, create your account and manage our relationship with you
Run and manage our business, including resolving billing and financial disputes
Evaluate your eligibility for marketing offers, products and services
Provide features to you, such as your free credit reports and scores
Provide a product or service that you have requested through the Intuit Platform
Connect you with experts and other users
Communicate with you, such as sending you electronic notifications concerning your financial privacy
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications.
Provide you with support and resolve disputes
Authenticate your identity
Manage event registrations and attendance, including sending related communications to you
Register visitors to our offices for security reasons and manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign
Research and development. We may use your personal information to:
Improve and develop our products and services by analyzing how they are used and interacted with, by training our artificial intelligence models and other machine learning models, as well as by assessing the use of and interactions with our Platform and certain content our customers send or display through the Platform, including by conducting data analytics to develop insights about you, your needs, and your preferences, so we can make more informed predictions, recommendations, and products for our customers.
Please note any data obtained through Google Workspace APIs is not used to develop, improve, or train any generalized AI and/or ML models. Any data originating from the Google Workspace API is instead ingested only by Intuit’s and our third-party providers’ artificial intelligence tools to deliver services on the customer’s behalf and to ensure safety, not for model retraining.
Combine and anonymize information about your interactions with Intuit to create aggregate, anonymized statistics for use in research (including by contracting with academic institutions) and for marketing, promoting, improving, and developing our platform.
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes to:
Market services, products and experiences, including to deliver gifts and promotional materials, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications via email, post, telephone, SMS or push notifications, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Personalize your experience and tailor recommendations, advertising, and offers presented to you, including through the development of insights about you and your needs based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. These advertisements may be displayed to you on Intuit’s digital properties, including our websites and mobile apps, media platforms, connected devices, or other third-party platforms and channels.
Whistleblower Reporting.
When you report any concern of non-compliance, unethical conduct, or other alleged violation of our
Code of Conduct and Ethics
, personal information you provide will be processed as a part of the investigation of the allegations and retained in accordance with our internal policies until the investigation is complete. While we make every effort to maintain confidentiality, depending on the investigation, disclosing your identity to other individuals may be necessary.
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:
Protect against misuse or abuse of our Services and ensure compliance with our Terms of Service, including in relation to content our customers send or display through the Platform
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Intuit Platform, our customers, employees or others and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
Exercise our rights in the course of judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings
Enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to use your personal information, such as when required by law.
We may process your personal information for other purposes that are compatible with the above purposes where permitted by applicable law.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automated processing
When you use or interact with features on the Intuit Platform like chatbots, digital assistants, or other digital conversational experiences powered by artificial intelligence, we may process your personal information using automated and manual (human) methods. For example, when we use automated processing on your personal information to provide a more personalized and enhanced experience in the Intuit Platform, you may see instantly tailored recommendations and insights to manage your cash flow and grow your business. Or when we analyze personal information and transactions we have collected or received about you, we can provide you with personalized advice, predictions, recommendations and experiences, including showing your largest tax deductions, sharing how to get your largest tax refund, and providing personalized recommendations for credit products. Certain laws may provide you with the right to object to the automated processing of your personal information. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
How we share your personal information
When you interact with our services.
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
For certain product features
. We may use third party API services, such as YouTube and Twilio, for certain product features. If you choose to use those features, you acknowledge and agree that you are also bound by the third party’s privacy policy. You may manage your YouTube API data by visiting Google’s security settings page
here
. You may make choices about your Twilio API data by visiting Twilio’s privacy notice
here
.
When you connect with an Intuit Platform partner.
You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third-party companies who integrate with our Intuit Platform. If you choose to interact with a platform partner, apply for their services or offerings, or otherwise link or sync your account to a platform partner’s product or service, you consent and direct us to share your personal information to the platform partner providing the service or offering. For example, when we send your personal information to partners in order to generate offers for you to review, when we send your application information directly to our partners, or when we send you to the partner’s site for you to provide the information directly to them.
In some cases, if you click through to go to a platform partner’s site, you will automatically be sending your personal information to that platform partner. When this happens, you will still have to submit your application on the platform partner’s site. Remember that any information you provide to a platform partner, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy practices and terms and conditions.
When you connect to your social media account.
Some of our features enable you to connect to a social media account or share information on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter. Any information you choose to share on social media may potentially be visible to a global audience and will be subject to the social media provider’s privacy policies (not this Privacy Statement). You should take care only to share information on social media that you are comfortable sharing.
For joint features, sales, promotions and events.
With your consent we may share your personal information with third parties who are jointly providing features, sales initiatives, promotions or events with us.
When you publicly post the information.
We may provide opportunities for you to publicly post reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content that may include personal information, such as your name or username. Anything you share in a public forum is public, and you should think carefully before you decide to share.
With your wireless carrier.
When you use your wireless device in connection with the Intuit Platform, you authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Intuit or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
When you participate in the short code program
. Personal information collected through the short code program (i.e., when you sign up for SMS texts), will not be shared, sold, or rented to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Other circumstances.
We also share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances.
For research.
With appropriate controls, we may share information with third parties, such as academic institutions, government and non-profit organizations, for research purposes or to publish academic or policy-related materials. We only share information in a way that does not identify any individual.
With financial services providers.
In connection with our financial products, we may share personal information with collection agencies, credit bureaus and loan services providers, and payment card association members. We may also share your personal information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, defaults, or debt collection.
With service providers or agents.
We share personal information with our service providers or agents who provide services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents are required to implement reasonable privacy and information protection controls to maintain the privacy and security of information provided to them consistent with the privacy practices outlined in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents may include companies that assist us with our advertising, marketing, and sales efforts, help us with our technology offerings (such as a hosting, security or anti-fraud providers) and help us run our business. Service providers or agents also include AI providers, including generative AI providers.
For mergers and acquisitions.
If we are involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or the acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal information with that company and its advisors before and after the transaction date.
With our affiliates and subsidiaries and your right to limit information sharing.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for everyday business purposes as described in this Statement, including for marketing purposes, for improving and developing our offerings, and for personalizing your experience on our Platform. Certain laws may provide you with the right to limit our information sharing activities in certain circumstances. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
For advertising and analytics.
Intuit may use advertising networks and other providers to display advertising on our Intuit Platform or on other sites. Intuit may share personal information with advertising networks and other providers to tailor advertising and offers presented to you based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. Our advertising partners may place cookies on unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests and determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. See also the “Region and state-specific terms” section below for additional information.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) responds to the Global Privacy Control signal for US residents, as described further in the United States section below. However, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals because there is no formal “Do Not Track” standard.
For legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties for legal reasons without your consent, and as permitted by law, including:
When we reasonably believe disclosure is required in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law, regulation or legal process;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, TurboTax, the Intuit Platform, our customers or others;
To protect or defend against attacks;
To enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements;
To prevent fraud, cybersecurity attacks or illegal activity;
For debt collection; and
With regulatory agencies, including government tax agencies, as necessary to help detect and combat fraud and/or protect our customers, users and/or the Intuit Platform, or in required institutional risk control programs.
Your personal information rights and choices
Your choices
At Intuit, we believe that you have choices about information that pertains to you or your business.
We provide all customers, including those in the EU, UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland, with options to manage the privacy of their personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct certain personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Access your personal information.
You may download a copy of the personal information we have about you by visiting your account, the
Intuit Privacy Center
, or by calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Delete your personal information.
You may ask us to delete your personal information by visiting your account settings or the
Intuit Privacy Center
or calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, please visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
NAI Opt-Out Page
or the
Choices Opt-Out Page
(or the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
, if you are based in Canada) or by visiting the
Intuit Privacy Center
. If you reside in California, Connecticut, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, please refer to the relevant sections below under Region and state-specific terms for more information about opting out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes,or opting-out of sales and/or sharing.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or you may use the links below. You may also unsubscribe using the link found at the bottom of all marketing and promotional emails. If you receive marketing text messages from us through Intuit’s SMS shortcode program, you may opt out of receiving further marketing text messages from us by replying STOP to the message.
For more information, please visit:
Intuit
communications preferences
Credit Karma US
and
Credit Karma UK
communications preferences
Mailchimp
communications preferences
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may also have certain state- or country-specific rights with respect to your personal information. Please see the Region and state-specific terms section for your country, below.
Verification
To help protect privacy and the security of your personal information, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership rights before we can fulfill your data rights request. If we cannot verify your identity or your ownership rights to the data, we may not be able to service your request until you provide proper documentation.
Data retention
Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal information, we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements and provide you with services and the benefits of the Intuit Platform and successfully run our business. Even if you submit a deletion request, we may be required to maintain your personal information for as long as necessary to:
comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g., maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and/or
to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.
This means we may keep different information for different periods. If your account is canceled because you haven’t used it for a long time, we may delete this information immediately.
There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your personal information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance, or other operational reasons. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal information from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.
International data transfers
Unless you have provided us with consent to transfer your personal information, US Tax Preparation Information shall be processed and stored in the United States in accordance with applicable law.
With the exception noted above, Intuit reserves the right to store and process your personal information in the United States and in any other country where Intuit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we transfer, store or process personal information outside of your jurisdiction (including to or in the United States, as described above), we take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Some of these recipients of your personal information are located in countries for which the European Commission, the UK (and Gibraltar) Government, and the Swiss Government (as and where applicable) have issued adequacy decisions, which means that these countries are recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection under applicable UK (and Gibraltar), European, and Swiss data protection laws and the transfer is therefore permitted under Article 45 of the GDPR.
Other recipients of your personal information are located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK that are not the subject of an adequacy decision. In these cases, we may use the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or, as may be applicable, the International Data Transfer Agreement approved by the UK Government, to help ensure your personal information is protected. For more information on the transfer safeguards we rely on, please contact us by using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) and Mailchimp comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Intuit and Mailchimp rely on the EU-U.S. DPF to transfer data and will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF once approved by the appropriate authorities. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. You can find more information about Intuit’s and Mailchimp’s Data Privacy Framework certification
here
.
Security of your personal information
We use reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards that are designed to protect your personal information. However, despite these controls, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of your personal information. You can find out more about how we protect your personal information
here
.
Changes to our Privacy Statements
From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time. If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Intuit Platform or on a community post; by sending you a notification; or by other means consistent with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Statement. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically to stay informed about how Intuit protects your privacy.
Children
Our services are not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe we may have information from a child, please contact us.
How to contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or our practices, please contact us.
You can submit Intuit privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Credit Karma privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Mailchimp privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
If you have an unresolved privacy or information use concern or complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Region and state-specific terms
Additional terms may apply to you based upon the country you reside in or the products you use. Please click the region or state that applies to you to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
Expand All
Collapse All
United States
If you are a resident of the United States, you may have the following rights and choices:
US Tax Preparation Information
Except as necessary to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, we will not use or disclose your Tax Preparation Information – including to Intuit’s affiliates and subsidiaries – unless you consent.
If you agree to share your Tax Preparation Information for purposes other than tax preparation services, including by sharing it with the Intuit Platform, your Tax Preparation Information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Intuit is a financial institution subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
By using, accessing, or interacting with the Intuit Platform, you are consenting to receive notices about your financial privacy electronically.
Please find our GLBA Notice
here
.
California Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in our capacity as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and your rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, the term “
Personal Information
” has the meaning given in the CCPA, but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the CCPA, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and other data protection laws. In some cases, we may provide a different privacy notice to certain categories of California residents, such as employees and job applicants, in which case that notice will apply instead of this section.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose.
The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access.
You may request that we provide the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
○              the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you,
○              the sources from which that information was collected,
○              the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, and/or sharing your Personal Information,
○              the categories of personal information we shared or sold about you,
○              the categories of third parties to whom we shared or sold personal information about you,
○              the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose, and
○              the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you for a business purpose.
Request a copy of your Personal Information.
You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of Sales and/or Sharing.
Like many companies, Intuit and Mailchimp use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described above. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may classify our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services. You can opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information by visiting the “Your California Privacy Rights” link in the footer of the Intuit website.
In addition, if you have enabled a recognized opt-out mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharings” when you interact with our Services. Please go here to learn more about enabling one such preference signal, the Global Privacy Control:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download
. Intuit and Mailchimp do not sell personal information under the CCPA. Credit Karma does not sell or share personal information subject to the CCPA, and therefore does not offer a “Your California Privacy Rights” link on its website. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Limit processing of sensitive personal information.
Some of the personal information that we may collect are considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect sensitive personal information for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We only use sensitive personal information as necessary for our (1) Service delivery and operations, (2) compliance and protection, (3) research and development, or (4) Service improvement and analytics purposes in accordance with CCPA. If we use sensitive personal information outside the permitted purposes of the CCPA, we will provide you with the right to limit processing of sensitive personal information.
California Shine the Light.
Customers who are California residents may request certain information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information provided below.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination or retaliation related to your exercise of any of your California privacy rights.
Verification.
In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Authorized agents.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request. If you do so, the authorized agent must present signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you will also be required to independently verify your own identity directly with us and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the rights request. This verification process is not necessary if your authorized agent provides documentation showing that the authorized agent has power of attorney to act on your behalf under Cal. Prob. Code §§ 4121 to 4130.
Learn more about instructions for authorized agents.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit adequate proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to the residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Data of state residents described in this subsection in our capacity as a business or controller under the corresponding state privacy laws, including Colorado Privacy Rights Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “Applicable State Privacy Laws”), and your rights with respect to that Personal Data. For purposes of this section, the term “Personal Data” has the meaning given in the Applicable State Privacy Laws but does not include information or entities exempted from the scope of the Applicable State Privacy Laws, such as those subject to GLBA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the Applicable State Privacy Laws.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose
. The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your privacy rights.
As a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, you may have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access
. You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Manage Cookies” or “Privacy Settings” link in the footer of the Intuit website. For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
. Intuit, Mailchimp and Credit Karma do not otherwise “sell your Personal Data to third parties for monetary consideration.
Opt-out of profiling
. You can opt-out of the automated processing of your Personal Data to evaluate, analyze, or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements, to the extent this results in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Sensitive Personal Data
. Some of the personal information that we may collect may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state privacy laws. We will not process your sensitive personal data without your consent.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination related to your exercise of any of your privacy rights.
Appeal
. If we decline to take action on any request that you submit in connection with the rights described above, you may ask that we reconsider our response by submitting a written request to us using the contact information provided below. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may contact your state attorney general’s office to submit a complaint.
Authentication.
In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
United States contact information:
Intuit Inc.
Attention: Privacy
2800 E Commerce Center Place
Tucson, AZ 85706
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Legal Department
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
Mailchimp
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308
You can contact the Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
.
Australia
If you are a resident of Australia, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. To make a request for access or deletion of your personal information, contact us through the link below.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information, including for marketing purposes, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information. To object to data processing or request a restriction, contact us through the link below. If you request that we stop processing some or all of your personal information or you withdraw (where applicable) your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this privacy notice, we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Notice.
Australia contact information:
Visit the QuickBooks Australia website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Australia
Intuit Australia Pty. Limited
Level 34, 1 O'Connell St.
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
Canada
While we take steps to maintain protection of your personal information, your personal information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from governments, regulators, courts and law enforcement authorities in those other jurisdictions or countries.
If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
,
NAI Opt-Out Page
and the
Choices Opt-Out Page
.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may make a request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information (provided we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information). You may request a copy of the Personal Information or delete the personal information in
your Intuit account
. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. Even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on the Intuit Platform. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in “Data Retention”.
Withdraw consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time to collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with the applicable Privacy Commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.
Canada contact information:
Intuit Canada
Attention: Privacy
8 Spadina Ave.
Suite 1900
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 0S8
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here
.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, you can visit the
Credit Karma Help Centre
.
You can also email the Credit Karma Canada Privacy Officer by writing to
legal@creditkarma.ca
.
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you can visit the
Mailchimp Help Centre
,
or submit a question
here
.
India
Where data of Indian individuals are involved, you hereby agree that the “reasonable security practices and procedures” under section 43A Explanation (ii) of the Information Technology Act, 2000 means this Intuit’s Privacy Statement and such data security procedures that Intuit may implement from time to time and which may, in Intuit’s discretion, be informed to you from time to time.
What you can do to manage your privacy
You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
India contact information
Visit the QuickBooks India website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks India
Intuit Technology Services Private Limited
Campus 4A, PrITech Park (Ecospace)
7th and 8th Floor, Belandur Village
Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore - 560 103 India
United Kingdom (and Gibraltar)(UK), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Statement are equivalent to “personal data” governed by EU and UK data protection laws. Essentially, “personal data” is information about an individual, where that individual is either directly identified or can be identified. It does not include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the identity of an individual has been permanently removed).
Legal Basis of Processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Applicable EEA, UK(and Gibraltar) and Swiss data protection law requires us to have a “legal basis” for each purpose for which we collect your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally process personal information from you when:
We have your consent to do so;
We have a contract with you and it is necessary to process your personal information to perform our contract with you, including to provide you with the benefits of the Intuit Platform and operate our business;
The processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as operating our businesses, improving and developing the Intuit Platform, communicating with you, marketing our offerings and services and personalizing your experience, and to detect illegal activities; and/or
To comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations.
For residents in the UK searching for financial or other products (including energy, internet, or mobile phone offers) through the Intuit Platform, we may share your personal information, including your contact details, date of birth, as well as the information you give us about your employment, income, and housing and employment expenses with third parties, including HD Decisions, Capital One, Monevo, CarFinance 247, and Decision Tech. You can find more information about their data protection practices in their privacy policies:
HD Decisions
Capital One
Monevo
CarFinance 247
Decision Tech
If you are a resident of the UK(and Gibraltar), the EEA or Switzerland you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.
You may request a copy of your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU&Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
You may request for us to delete your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or through our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section “Data Retention”.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.
Portability.
You may request portability of your personal information.
Withdraw Consent.
If we process your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or visit our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland) or
edit your email preferences for Mailchimp using the instructions found here.
. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of such interest-based advertising by visiting
Network Advertising Initiative
or
Your Online Choices
or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
.
UK, EEA and Swiss Representative
In the EEA: Intuit Inc., Intuit Limited and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit France SAS as its Representative in the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") (contact details can be found in the section below).
In the UK: Intuit Inc., and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit Limited as its Representative in the UK in accordance with UK GDPR (contact details can be found in the section below)
United Kingdom, EEA and Switzerland contact information
Intuit Limited
Attention: Intuit Data Protection Administration,
Cardinal Place, 80 Victoria Street, London,
United Kingdom, SW1E 5JL
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/uk/gdpr/
Credit Karma UK Limited
4th Floor
One New Oxford Street
London WC1A 1NU
Intuit France SAS
Intuit Data Protection Administration
﻿7 Rue Meyerbeer 75009 Paris, France
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/fr/gdpr/
or
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/eu/gdpr/
If you have questions or concerns that have not been addressed by this Privacy Statement, you can contact the Intuit and Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
,
the Credit Karma Data Protection Officer by writing to
dpo@creditkarma.com
.
Sub-policy 1
https://twocircles.com/gb-en/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
What We Do
News
Contact
Join Our Team
Life at Two Circles
Switch Language
Translate this page
English
Switch Region
Choose an international site to  browse relevant content
UK
England, Wales, NI &amp; Scotland
EMEA
Europe, Middle East & Africa
North America
United States & Canada
ANZ
Australia & New Zealand
WHO ARE WE?
Two Circles is a sports marketing agency. In all territories excluding North America and Switzerland, the legal entity responsible for data is Two Circles Limited (registered number 07753583, of Suite 1, 3rd Floor 11-12 St. James’s Square, London, United Kingdom, SW1Y 4LB). In North America, the responsible local entity is Two Circles Incorporated (a Delaware corporation, with its principal place of business at 30 W 26th St, New York, NY 10010, United States) and in Switzerland the responsible local entity is Two Circles AG (a Swiss company whose principal place of business is at Christoffelgasse 7, 3011 Bern, Switzerland). The entities listed shall together be referred to in this privacy policy as Two Circles (or “
we
”, “
us
”, “
our
”).
WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
This notice outlines how and why Two Circles collects and uses certain information (which you may provide, or we may collect) from which you are personally identifiable (“
personal data
”) when you interact with us through the Two Circles website (
www.twocircles.com
, and relevant sub-domains) or otherwise, where we act as a data controller.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read the following policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will fulfil our commitment to protecting and respecting your privacy.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679), the UK GDPR,  Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (FADP), state and federal privacy laws in the United States (and all other applicable laws relating to the use your personal data) (collectively, the “
Privacy Laws
”), Two Circles is the “data controller”, meaning that we decide the reasons why your data is used. We are also responsible for keeping your data safe and only using it for legitimate purposes.
This privacy policy does not apply to the extent we process personal data in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers (or their affiliates). For privacy information related to our customers (or their affiliates) who use our services as the controller, please contact our customer directly. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this privacy policy.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Please note that because of the changing nature of privacy laws and regulations, digital technologies, and our business, we may modify this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. However, we advise that you check this page regularly to keep up to date with any necessary changes.
This privacy policy was last updated on 17 November 2022.
DATA THAT WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
You may provide to us, or we may collect from you, the following types of personal data when you interact with us (e.g. through our website, where you receive our services and/or products, or when you communicate with us):
Contact:
first name, surname, email address, telephone numbers and address, company name and job title (if you attend one of our events).
Profile
: your preferences for marketing, other website or technology preferences, your contact history and feedback on your Two Circles experiences (through reviews and surveys)
We may also collect the following types of personal data from you when you use our website. Please read our Cookies Policy carefully for more information.
Technical
: this may include device IDs, browser type, IP address, hardware type, network and software identifiers, location data, operating system and system configuration
Usage:
visitor information e.g. time spent on page, click-throughs, download errors, browsing patterns
Certain of these pieces of information may not identify you on their own but when combined with other information could lead to you being personally identifiable.
You don’t have to give us any of this data but if you don’t, you may not be able to use certain functions and may not receive the optimal user experience.
WHY DO WE USE YOUR DATA AND WHAT ARE OUR LEGAL GROUNDS?
The table below sets out how we use your personal data and our lawful basis for doing so in each case.
Why we use your data
What data
we use
Why we’re allowed to use
your data for these purposes
Notify you of changes to our
Privacy Policy or relevant terms
of service, or changes to our
services
Contact
Perform our contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Internal administration and
record keeping purposes
All
Perform our contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Our legitimate interests (for the effective operation of our business)
Verify your identity and detect
fraud and security issues
Contact,
Profile,
Technical,
Usage
Our legitimate interests (to prevent/detect fraud and criminal activity)
Administer and protect our company, our website and
our services/products
(including troubleshooting,
data analysis, testing,
maintenance and support)
Contact, Technical,
Usage
Our legitimate interests (for the effective administration of our business, website and services/products)
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Use data analytics to improve
our website, services/products, marketing, user relationships
and experiences
Contact, Technical,
Usage
Our legitimate interests (to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our organisation and to inform our marketing strategy)
Providing support, including answering your questions by
e-mail or phone
All
Perform our contract with you
Our legitimate interests (to ensure our customers are satisfied with our services)
To understand who is using
our website
Contact, Technical,
Usage
Our legitimate interests (to develop our business and understand our customer base to inform our marketing strategy)
Get in touch with you about
relevant Two Circles services
Contact,
Profile
Our legitimate interests (to promote our /services)
Consent
If you register for an event or webinar
Contact
Our legitimate interests (to develop our business and relationship with you)
Consent
If you attend an event or
webinar
Contact
Our legitimate interests (to develop our relationship and our business with you)
Consent
Improve and personalise your
user experience by delivering
more relevant content whilst
you browse, ensuring that our content is presented in the
most effective manner for you
and for your computer/device,
to remember your preferences
and to enable you to participate
in interactive features of our
website
Contact,
Profile,
Technical,
Usage
Our legitimate interests (to develop our business, improve our user experience and inform our marketing strategy)
Enable you to feedback to Two Circles through reviews and
surveys
Contact,
Profile,
Technical,
Usage
Our legitimate interests (to develop our business, services and products)
We also anonymise and aggregate personal data (so that it does not personally identify you). This is not personally identifiable, so we are allowed to use this for any purpose (such as testing our systems and carrying out customer research and analysis).
DO WE TRANSFER/HANDLE YOUR DATA INTERNATIONALLY?
We may share your personal data within Two Circles. This will involve transferring your data to our group companies in the EEA, , Switzerland, the USA, or the UK. Some of our external third parties are based outside of these jurisdictions so their processing of your personal data may involve a transfer of data outside of these jurisdictions.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of these jurisdictions, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring that appropriate safeguards are implemented, to the extent required by the applicable Privacy Laws. Please contact us using the details set out below if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data.
DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may disclose your personal information to the following types of third parties:
vendors and contractors who are performing services on our behalf to enable uses of the information we have describe above;
our external consultants who assist with the development and delivery of our services;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our website;
companies who assist with our marketing, customer surveys and feedback tools;
third parties who help us detect fraud or criminal activity; and
our group companies.
We may also need to disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
if we are required to do so by law or pursuant to a regulatory request;
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets we may be required to disclose certain of your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements or in respect of other legal claims.
We do not sell any personal data of users.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA SECURE?
We have implemented industry standard security measures to prevent unauthorised access to, use or loss of, your data. We also make sure that when we are required to share your information with third parties, they are subject to suitable confidentiality and security standards.
Despite the security measures that we implement, please be aware that the transmission of data via the internet is not completely secure. As such, we cannot guarantee that information transmitted to us via the internet will be completely secure and any transmission is at your own risk.
HOW LONG WILL WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
We will keep your data for as long as required in connection with the original purpose for which that data was collected (e.g. where you are still happy to hear from us about our latest news and services).
Once you no longer wish to be engaged with us we may still need to keep hold of your data if there is a legal reason for doing so (e.g. for tax purposes or where we are resolving a dispute with you), but we will only retain the data which is strictly necessary for such reason and thereafter, will remove this data from our systems.
THIRD PARTY SITES
This privacy policy only applies to our website. If you leave our website via a link or otherwise, you will be subject to the policy of that website provider (this includes any social media sites). We have no control over third party policies or the terms of the relevant third party website and you should therefore check their policy before continuing to access the site.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have various rights under the Privacy Laws which entitle you, in certain circumstances and depending on the Privacy Laws which apply to you and us, to:
ask us for a copy of the personal data we hold about you;
correct or update your personal data, which you can do yourself by logging into your account (if relevant) or if you would prefer, please contact us and we can assist;
request that we delete your personal data;
object to the handling of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (as set out in the above table);
restrict the processing of your personal data;
request the transfer of your personal data (or some of it) to a third party service provider; or
where you have provided your consent for something, in certain circumstances, you may withdraw this consent (but note that we may continue to use your personal data if we have legal grounds for doing so).
Please contact us using the details set out below if you would like to exercise your rights, which you can do for free. We may charge a reasonable fee in certain circumstances, including where your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. Otherwise, we will always respond within one month (unless there is a reason for us to take longer in which case we will inform you).
If it is not clear to us who is making the request, we may ask you to confirm your identity before we proceed.
If you are concerned about the way we are handling your personal information you may also contact your local data protection authority (for example, if you are based in the UK, this is the ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office), but if you are based in the EEA please refer to the European Data Protection Board
website
for details of your local authority).  However, where possible, we would really appreciate the opportunity to help with your concern in the first instance.
If your personal data has been submitted to us in our role as a processor (by or on behalf of our customer (or their affiliates) and you wish to exercise any rights you may have under Privacy Laws, please enquire with them directly.
California Residents
California law also grants state residents certain rights, including the rights to access specific types of personal data, to request its deletion, and not to be denied goods or services for exercising these rights.
HOW TO OPT-OUT OF TWO CIRCLES COMMUNICATIONS
If at any time you decide you would like us to remove you from our marketing communications, or to unsubscribe from our database, you can contact us using the details provided at the bottom of this privacy policy. You must include your name, e-mail address, and clear instructions regarding changes you are requesting. You may also unsubscribe from e-mail newsletters by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link found at the bottom of the e-mail.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal information or if you have any queries about how we use your personal information, please let us know by contacting us at the following address: Data Protection Officer, Two Circles, Suite 1, 7th Floor 50 Broadway, London, United Kingdom, SW1H 0BL, or by email at dpo@twocircles.com.
GET IN
Touch
See our offices
would you like to visit your regional two circles site?
go to __ site
Sub-policy 2
https://dotdigital.com/terms/privacy-policy/:
Terms
Dotdigital privacy policy
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it contains important information on who we are, how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information and on how to contact us and supervisory authorities if you have a complaint.
If you are a Dotdigital service client or user, or you are visiting either of our websites , this policy applies to you.
Where we use the term “client” we are referring to the entity in contract with us to use the Dotdigital services; (ii) where we use the term “you” we are referring to visitors to our websites or clients using the Dotdigital services; (iii) where we use the term “end-user” we are referring to individual users of a client, and; where we use the term “contact” we are referring to a person contacted through your use of the Dotdigital services, someone you may contact using the Dotdigital services, or any individual whose information you provide to us in your use of the Dotdigital service.
Who are Dotdigital?
Dotdigital is a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) marketing platform that enables companies to create, test and send data-driven automated campaigns. In addition, to its marketing automation capabilities, Dotdigital Integrates with key business systems, such as e-commerce platforms and CRMs, enabling businesses to streamline their marketing operations and improve their customer engagement strategies.
Dotdigital and it’s entities are part of the Dotdigital Group which collects, uses and is responsible for certain personal information about you. Please see Appendix 1 for the list of legal entities falling within the Dotdigital Group.
In the United Kingdom and across Europe, when we do so we are regulated under the Data Protection Act 2018 and General Data Protection Regulation and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for those laws.
With personal data provided through your use of Dotdigital SaaS Applications and other services we provide, we are a ‘processor’ for the General Data Protection Regulation.
As some Dotdigital affiliates are based outside of the European Economic Area, and these affiliates have appointed Dotdigital B.V. to be our representative within the EEA as necessary. Our representative within the United Kingdom is Dotdigital EMEA Limited. Contact details are available later in this Privacy Policy,
back to top
What personal information of mine do you use?
Information you provide voluntarily
While signing up for and using Dotdigital services, consulting with our support teams, sending us an email, connecting another account with the Dotdigital services (e.g. using one of our technical integrations and connectors), or communicating with us in any way, you are voluntarily giving us information. That information may include either your or your end-users’ name, email address, IP address, phone number, postal address, besides other details that may include gender, location, occupation or other information of a demographic nature. In supplying this information, you consent to this information being collected, used, disclosed, transferred to Dotdigital partners & affiliates and stored by us, as described in our Terms and this Privacy Policy.
Information we automatically collect
When you browse one of our websites, use the Dotdigital platform or interact with an email we send to you, we may collect information about your web browsing and use of the site or platform. This may include details of your operating system, location, IP address, browser ID, browsing activity, and other information about how you interacted with Dotdigital’s services. We may collect this information as a part of log files and through cookies or other tracking technologies. We use this information to help improve the website, security purposes or to monitor the performance of our campaigns.
Both Dotdigital and our third-party partners may use assorted technologies to collect and store information when you use the Dotdigital platform, visit our website, or interact with an email from us. This may include using cookies and similar tracking technologies (e.g. pixels and web beacons) to analyse behaviour, track movements around the website, provide targeted advertisements, and gather demographic information. We may partner with third parties to display advertising on our website or to manage and supply our advertising on other sites. These partners may use cookies or other tracking methods to provide you content or advertisements based upon your browsing activities and interests. You can control the use of cookies at an individual browser level. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more information.
Information through Dotdigital’s SaaS Applications
We also obtain personal information from your use of Dotdigital SaaS Applications. We receive information about how you use the platform and store it in log files or other types of files associated to your account and link it to other information we hold about you. This information might include the date of any activity, the browser and IP address and actions your end-users have taken within the platform. This information helps us to improve the service for you for all users of the platform.
Information from elsewhere
Dotdigital may obtain information about you or end-users from third parties, such as public databases, social media platforms, third party data providers and our marketing partners. Examples of the information we may receive from other sources include device information (e.g. IP address and browser), location, behavioural data and demographic information. We may use this information, alone or combined with other information described above, to develop or provide more relevant platform features or services (e.g. social media data of end-users allowing you to send more relevant content) or provide more relevant marketing and content to you.
Public information & third-party sites
Dotdigital websites include social media features (either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website), which may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting. The feature may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. We also maintain presences on social media platforms including Facebook, X, and Instagram. Your interactions with these platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them. Anything you submit to Dotdigital via a social media platform is done so at your own risk with no expectation of privacy.
Further, any comments or information you supply on any blog that Dotdigital operates can be read, used or collected by anyone. If your information appears in our blog pages and you want it removed, contact our Marketing team: marketing@dotdigital.com.
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, note that we have no control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy policy. We accept no responsibility or liability for such other websites. Exercise caution when entering personal information online and look at the privacy statement applicable to this website.
back to top
How we use personal information
We use and disclose personal information to:
Supply, improve and support the services we provide (this includes using the data you provide to use Dotdigital’s SaaS applications to contact end-users, aggregating information from your use of the platform or our website and sharing this with third parties to improve the services we provide);
Confirm your identity in using Dotdigital’s SaaS applications;
Send you information and promotional content (you can amend your marketing preferences in our preference centre or stop receiving messages by unsubscribing);
Promote our services to you (e.g. when we collect your personal information on our website, we may contact you further to invite you to use our platform);
Perform our obligations under the contract with you or applicable law (e.g. to enforce our terms, communicate with you and provide support);
Protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized or illegal activity;
Fulfil requests you may make;
Bill you (e.g. to send you invoices, process payment, notices). Note we use third parties for secure credit card transaction processing, and we send billing information to those third parties to process your orders and credit card payments.
Send notifications about the platform;
Bring or defend legal proceedings, meet legal requirements (e.g. complying with court orders, enforcement actions, or other legally valid mechanisms) or respond to lawful requests by public authorities or law enforcement requests; and
Inform our professional advisors and auditors.
When using Dotdigital’s SaaS Applications, you may import contact or other personal information you have collected into our system. We have no direct relationship with your contacts or any person other than you, and for that reason, you are responsible for making sure you have the appropriate permissions for Dotdigital to collect and process information about those individuals.
Further to the uses described above, we may aggregate and/or de-identify any information we collect, such that the information no longer identifies any specific individual. We may use, disclose and otherwise process such information for our own legitimate business purposes without restriction. We may transfer personal information of you or your end-users to companies that help us promote, provide, or support our platform or other services we provide. We may partner with and use various third-party software and services, including analytics services, to help understand your usage of our products and services. We provide a limited amount of your information (such as your email address and sign-up date) to select third party services to collect data for analytics purposes when you visit our website or use our products and services. This allows Dotdigital to monitor your use of our website, products and services and tracks our relationship so we can improve our service to you. We may also use these third-party services for communications, either through email, or through messages within our products and services. These third-party services may collect publicly available contact and social information related to you, such as your name, email address, gender, company, job title, photos, website URLs, social network handles and physical addresses, to enhance your user experience.
Call Recordings and virtual meetings
Dotdigital has a telephone call recording system in operation and may record both outbound and inbound calls. We record calls for quality and training purposes to ensure we deal with your request as best as possible.
Calls are recorded under the legal basis of legitimate interest and consent.
All recordings will be retained in line with our retention policy. Information will not be retained for a longer period than necessary.
In addition to calls, Dotdigital uses Zoom to host virtual meetings, which may include the use of Zoom’s AI companion. These features are designed to enhance productivity and collaboration. If you prefer not to have these features enabled during the meeting, please contact the meeting host.
More information on how these features handle data can be found here.
Finally, the Dotdigital sales teams use Gong.io in connection with Zoom to capture and analyse interactions over calls and virtual meetings. This provides us with insights and increases business efficiency. For more information, please click here.
Third parties
We may disclose personal information to advertising partners, networks and exchanges to display advertising on our website or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites and may share personal information with them for this purpose. All third parties with which we share this information must use your Personal Information so it is consistent with this policy. This may include using cookies and similar tracking technologies (e.g. pixels and web beacons) to analyse behaviour, track movements around the website, provide targeted advertisements, and gather demographic information. We partner with third parties to display advertising on our website or to manage and supply our advertising on other sites. These partners may use cookies or other tracking methods to provide you content or advertisements based upon your browsing activities and interests. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more information.
For details about how we engage third parties when we process your contact or end-user data when you use our platform and services, please see our terms & conditions, the standard form of which can be found at
https://www.Dotdigital.com/terms-of-service/
.
How long will my personal information will be kept?
In providing services to you, we will hold personal information for as long as we are providing you the services, to comply with our legal obligations, enforce our contracts, resolve disputes or prevent abuse.
Why do you collect and use my personal information?
In relation to clients, the lawful basis for which we rely on to collect and process your data is typically performance of our contractual obligations.
If you are not a Dotdigital client, we rely on legitimate interest as the lawful basis on which we collect and use your personal data in relation to contacting you further in certain situations. Our legitimate interests are usually to provide individuals representing a business with details of our products or services through B2B direct marketing . If you are an individual, the basis on which we collect and use your personal data to contact you is often consent.
If you have questions about the lawful basis on which we are processing your personal data, please contact
privacy@dotdigital.com
.
back to top
Where does my information go?
Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or service providers, and by using our service or by providing consent to us (where required by law), you agree to transferring information to countries outside of your country of residence, including to the United States, which may provide for different data protection rules than in your country. All Dotdigital entities operate under Standard Contractual Clauses and applicable measures of the GDPR providing protections and safeguards for cross-border transfers. We take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and under this privacy policy.
back to top
What are my rights under GDPR?
For UK & European residents, under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have several important right. Those include rights to:
fair processing of information and transparency over how we use your personal information
access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information this Privacy Notice is already designed to address
require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold
require the erasure of personal information about you in certain situations
receive the personal information about you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and may transmit those data to a third party in certain situations
object to processing of personal information about you for direct marketing
object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects about you or similarly affect you
object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information
otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the
Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals rights under the General Data Protection Regulation
.
To exercise any of those rights, please:
contact our Data Protection Officer using the details further down this page
let us have enough information to identify you,
let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and
let us know the information to which your request relates, including any account or reference numbers, if you have them
If you would like to unsubscribe from any email newsletter you can also click on the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of the email. It may take up to 24 hours for this to take place.
back to top
What are my rights under CCPA?
Besides the general rights set out under this Privacy Policy, if you are a resident of California, Californian law means you have several important rights free. Those include rights to:
request information, including a list of the categories of Personal Information (e.g. name, email, and mailing address, and the services provided to the customer that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third-parties’ direct marketing purposes, from businesses with whom you have an established business relationship, & the names and addresses of all such third parties.;
portability of such information and receive the personal information about you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and may transmit hose data to a third party in certain situations
require the erasure of personal information about you in certain situations; and
We do not sell your data to third parties, and the categories of information we collect are listed above in this policy, but for any queries or other requests please email
privacy@dotdigital.com
.
back to top
How do you keep my information secure?
We have security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those with a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so
back to top
How can I complain?
We hope we can resolve any query or concern about our use of your information.
For individuals in the UK & EEA, the General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. For UK individuals, the supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone at 0303 123 1113 or other channels as updated at https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us.
For individuals in the Netherlands, the supervisory authority is the Dutch Data Protection Authority who may be contacted at https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/en/contact-dutch-dpa/contact-us.
back to top
Changes to this privacy notice
This privacy notice was published on the 9th January 2025.
We may change this privacy notice occasionally, when we do, we will inform you via email.
back to top
How can I contact Dotdigital?
If you have any questions about how Dotdigital handles any privacy matter or the information we hold about you, please contact us on the details below.
For UK Residents
For UK data protection legislation, please use the following contact details if you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer. Please direct emails to privacy@dotdigital.com, or write to Data Protection Officer, Dotdigital EMEA Limited, No.1 London Bridge, London, SE1 9BG.
For EEA / Swiss Residents
For European data protection legislation, please use the following contact details if you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer. Please direct emails to privacy@dotdigital.com, or write to Data Protection Officer, Dotdigital B.V., Mr. Treublaan 7, Amsterdam 1097 DP, Netherlands.
For all other territories
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer please email privacy@dotdigital.com, or write to Data Protection Officer, Dotdigital EMEA Limited, No.1 London Bridge, London, SE1 9BG, United Kingdom.
Table of Contents
Who are Dotdigital?
What personal information of mine do you use?
How we use personal information
Where does my information go?
What are my rights under GDPR?
What are my rights under CCPA?
How do you keep my information secure?
How can I complain?
Changes to this privacy notice
How can I contact Dotdigital?
You are entering into a contract with Dotdigital
Purpose and legal basis for Processing
When you negotiate with us to buy a product or start using one of our services, we process some personal information so that we can enter into an agreement with you or the organisation that you represent.
The legal basis we rely on to process your personal data is article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR, which allows us to process personal data when this is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order for us to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract.
What we need
If you are entering into a contract with us, we will need your full contact details including address, email and telephone number as well as your job title or position in your business. If we need further information, this will be made clear to you as we will ask you for it at the time.
What we do with it
We store customer contracts and related personal information within our internal CRM system, and our legal case management system is shared with internal employees on a need-to-know basis via email and Dropbox.
What are your rights
As we are processing your personal data for the purpose of entering into a contract with you, you have the right in principle to data portability. However, there are limitation as to when this right applies.
You subscribe to our content
What type of content can you subscribe to
You can subscribe to read blogs, case studies, events and webinars, product demonstrations, product updates and videos.
Purpose and legal basis for processing
Our purpose for collection this information is so that we can send you the requested content, and our legal basis is your consent which you have indicated by providing us with your details. We may also send you details of other products or services that we think you will be interested in and our legal basis for this is where we believe that you have a legitimate interest and in line with your preferences. Set your Dotdigital email communications preferences
What we need
If you wish to receive information from us, you will be asked to provide your contact information including your name, your organisation’s name and other details about your organisation.
What we do with it
Your details will be held on our CRM and marketing platform databases and the information you have requested will be sent to you. We may also send you details of other products or services.
What are your rights?
We rely on your consent to process the personal data you give us. This means you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. As we also rely on legitimate interest, you do have the right to object. If you do that, we’ll update our records immediately to reflect your wishes. Please also see summary of your data protection rights above.
You are representing your organisation
We hold the names and contact details of individuals acting in their capacity as representatives of their organisations, across the business. The legal basis is article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR for any legal obligation or article 6(1)(f) because the processing is within our legitimate interests as a business.
Visitors to our website
What we need
When you visit our company websites, we collect internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to various parts of the site.
Cookies
We use cookies, which are small files with a code that is stored on your device, with your consent. They are retrieved from your device when you next visit the site. This allows the site to recognise information about your use and browsing.
We use a cookie consent tool on our website which notifies you of our use of cookies when you first enter our site of cookies when you first enter our site and gives you the opportunity to refuse the use of cookies or to consent by accepting use of cookies on our site.
Full information on which cookies we use is available in our Cookies Policy, along with guidance about how you can set your browser to refuse all or some cookies (please note that your decisions may affect some use of the site).
When you make an enquiry or contact our support team
Purpose and legal basis for processing
When you contact Dotdigital via phone, email or live chat to make an enquiry, we collect information, including your personal data, so that we can assist with your enquiry.
Where you have no prior business relationship with Dotdigital the legal basis we rely on to process your personal data is article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR , which allows us to process personal data when this is necessary for our legitimate interests. Where there is a business relationship the legal basis we rely on is article 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR, which allows us to process personal data when this is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party.
What we need
We need enough information from you to answer your enquiry. This information may be obtained for training purposes, or to establish the facts of transactions and enquiries as well as to ensure compliance with our policies and procedures and any regulations we are subject to.
What we do with it
We’ll keep a record of your enquiry on Zendesk & intercom, our support ticketing system We use the information supplied to us to deal with the enquiry and any subsequent issues that may arise, and to check on the level of service we provide.
What are your rights?
Where we are processing your personal data for the purpose of entering into a contract with you, you have the right in principle to data portability. However, there are limitation as to when this right applies. Where we are processing your personal data for our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data. There are legitimate reasons why we may refuse your objection, which depend on why we are processing it.
You wish to attend, or have attended, an event
Purpose and legal basis for processing
Our purpose for collecting this information is so we can facilitate the event and provide you with an acceptable service.
The legal basis we rely on for processing your personal data is your consent under article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR. When we collect any information about dietary or access requirements, we also need your consent (under article 9(2)(a)) as this type of information is classed as special category data.
What we need
If you wish to attend one of our events, you will be asked to provide your contact information including your organisation’s name and, if offered a place, information about any dietary requirements or access provisions you may need.
What are your rights
We rely on your consent to process the personal data you give us to facilitate the event. This means you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you do that, we’ll update our records immediately to reflect your wishes.
Integrations & Connectors
Purpose and legal basis for processing
Dotdigital uses several suppliers of integration platforms for clients wanting to link their Dotdigitial account to supported third party e-commerce systems. The legal basis we rely on for processing your personal data is your consent under article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR.
Please note: when connecting Dotdigital SaaS applications to your Google workspace account using OAuth, we confirm Google Workspace APIs and the data passed within are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized/non-personalized AI and/or ML models.
What are your rights
We rely on your consent to process the personal data you give us to facilitate the event. This means you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by cancelling the integration link.
Appendix 1 – Dotdigital Group subsidiaries that may collect personal data
Where your data is being collected by any of the following Dotdigital Group subsidiaries, where they are acting as data controller, this will be made clear at the point of collection:
Dotdigital B.V.
Dotdigital, Inc.
Dotdigital APAC Pty Ltd
Dotdigital SA Pty Ltd
Dotdigital SG Pte.Ltd
Dynmark International Ltd.
Dotdigital Poland Sp.z.o.o.
Fresh Relevance Ltd (a Dotdigital company)
Fresh Relevance Inc. (a Dotdigital company)
Table of Contents
You are entering into a contract with Dotdigital
You subscribe to our content
Visitors to our website
When you make an enquiry or contact our support team
You wish to attend, or have attended, an event
Integrations & Connectors
Appendix 1 – Dotdigital Group subsidiaries that may collect personal data
Cookies Settings
Notifications
Your cookie choices
We use cookies on this website to enhance navigation, analyze usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. By clicking “Accept All” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device. You can manage your preferences by clicking the "Settings" button. More details of how we use cookies can be can be found in our
Cookie Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Cookie Settings
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 3
https://wearesocial.com/uk/privacy-policy/:
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer.
Some of these cookies are essential, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.
This site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience, perform analytics and research, and conduct advertising. To change your preferences, see our
Legal & Privacy
.
(Opens in a new window)
Accept recommended settings
Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as page navigation and access to secure areas. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.
We use marketing cookies to help us improve the relevancy of marketing campaigns and to track the results.
Save Cookie Preferences and Close
Marketing Cookies
On
Off
Skip to content
PRIVACY AND COOKIES POLICY
WE ARE SOCIAL LTD
Version updated 31 May 2024
.
Introduction
This is the privacy notice for
www.wearesocial.com/uk
(
“Website”
).
We Are Social Ltd is the
“controller”
of personal data which is collected from you when you visit and use this Website for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (
“EU GDPR”
) and the EU GDPR as incorporated into national law by virtue of the UK’s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (
“UK GDPR”
), as applicable (referred to herein as the
“GDPR”)
.
We Are Social Ltd may be referred to herein as
“We Are Social”
,
“we”
,
“us”
or
“our”
. Our corporate information is as follows:
Registered company number: 06629464
Registered address: Alphabeta, 14-18 Finsbury Square, London, EC2A 1BR.
Privacy is very important to us and therefore we have created this privacy notice to tell you what personal data we collect from you when you visit and use this Website or communicate with us, including how we use your data, how we share it with others and how you can manage it. If you have any questions whatsoever about this privacy notice, then we would be glad to answer them; our contact information is set out below:
Post: Data Protection Lead, We Are Social Ltd, Alphabeta, 14-18 Finsbury Square, London, EC2A 1BR
Email:
dataprotectionlead@wearesocial.net
Tel:
+44 20 3195 1700
Please read this privacy notice before you start using our Website, as it will apply to your use of the Website. By using the Website, you confirm that you accept the terms of this privacy notice. You should also read this privacy notice if you have entered into communications with us, as it applies to any personal data that we collect from you during our communications.
This privacy notice should be read together with any other privacy notices which are brought to your attention on other pages of this Website which, when relevant, will apply to certain uses of the Website in addition to this privacy notice.
This privacy notice may change from time to time, so please periodically review this page to ensure that you are still content with how we process your data and continue to share your personal data with us.
Our Website may contain links to other websites, but please note that such websites are our outside of our control and are not covered by this privacy notice. Should you visit other websites, then the owners of such websites may collect and use your personal data, so you should familiarise yourself with any privacy notices or policies that they publish, which we cannot accept any liability for.
WHAT IS “PERSONAL DATA”?
Under the GDPR
“personal data”
is defined as:
“
any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (
“data subject”
); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”.
As a result,
“personal data”
includes, amongst many other things, your name, address, phone number, email address and any other information that could be used to identify you, either by itself, or together with other information. It can also include other less obvious identifiers, such as your IP address and cookie data.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA OF MINE WILL WE ARE SOCIAL COLLECT WHEN I USE THIS WEBSITE?
By using this Website:
we may collect personal data that you provide to us by completing forms on this Website. It is difficult to say what this may be, however, it may include things such as your name (including title), address, phone number, date of birth, email address, job title and company details. In any event, the precise personal data that we collect from you will be clear to you as you complete the relevant form, as we will only collect the personal data that you submit to us and which will be specifically requested (i.e. you will be specifically invited to enter your name, email address etc.). In certain circumstances, certain data fields will be marked with an asterisk (i.e. *), which means that we require this personal data to be provided. To the extent that fields are not marked with an asterisk, then we do not require this personal data, but should you submit it to us then we will automatically collect it;
we may collect personal data that may be included in CVs, covering letters or other materials uploaded and/or sent to us via our Website;
we may collect personal data that you provide to us when you communicate with us for any reason. Once again, it is difficult to say what personal data this may be, but we will collect all of the information that is contained within your communication and, as this is within your control, you will be able to identify what this is. However, by way of example, if you communicate with us by email, we will collect your email address as a minimum;
you will automatically download a ‘cookie’ (you can read more about
“cookies”
below); and
we will automatically collect your IP address.
We do not collect any special category data.
We do not collect any personal data from third party sources other than those set out in section 4.
DOES WE ARE SOCIAL PROCESS MY PERSONAL DATA OTHER THAN THROUGH THIS WEBSITE?
If you post or make certain information publically available on social media platforms (e.g. Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, TikTok, etc.), we may collect and process your personal data either as part of the services we provide to our customers or for our own industry and market understanding purposes. We do this in order for us, and our customers, to understand how consumers are reacting to certain things such as trends, industries, advertising campaigns, products and services.
We may collect categories of data such as profile name or username, user profile pictures and content of your posts. We only collect and process this information where it has been made publically available. We rely on our legitimate interests in order to collect this data (see further details below).
WHY DOES WE ARE SOCIAL COLLECT AND USE MY PERSONAL DATA?
There are a number of ways that we may use your personal data. These are set out below:
Consent
On occasion, we may use your personal data because you have consented to us doing so, which will be in the context of:
providing certain material to you, such as a newsletter or report;
sharing your personal data with third parties, so that they can send you marketing; and
considering you for a permanent or temporary position with us.
Whenever you have provided consent, we will use your personal data only for the purpose that we specify to you when you provide consent.
In any event, you will always have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. In order to do so, please contact us by post, email or telephone, as set out above, or, as relevant, follow the unsubscription instructions that are contained within our communication (for instance, an unsubscribe link). Please note that our actions are guided by your consent, so if, for instance, we are using your email address to send you a newsletter, if you withdraw your consent then you will no longer be able to receive this newsletter.
Legitimate Interest
We may use your personal data as set out below where have a legitimate interest, which will be in the context of:
responding to correspondence that you send to us from time to time and fulfilling any requests that you make of us from time to time (including things such as general business enquiries);
analysing, evaluating and improving the products and services that we offer to you;
undertaking research and analysis on our products and services (for instance, by customer surveys), so that we can better understand our business and your needs;
analysing and evaluating public responses to industry trends, markets and certain products and services to improve our knowledge and services to customers; engaging with you in the course of our business, for instance, as an actual or potential client, supplier or partner, in the absence of a contractual relationship or obligation;
contacting you with relevant marketing information after we have provided a particular service or product to you, or you have attended one of our events. We will only ever contact you about our own products or service, or events that we are involved in;
contacting you from time to time for business development purposes if we have obtained your business contact details either personally, through our business network, from a public directory or because you have signed up to one of our mailing lists or downloaded one of our reports;
informing you of updates to our terms and conditions and policies;
contacting you about permanent or temporary positions with us where you have previously applied for a position; and
protecting ourselves, our Website and our IT systems against damage.
In any event, you always have the right to object against us using your personal data for legitimate interests. In order to do so, please contact us by post, email or telephone, as set out above. In the event that you object to the use of your personal data as above, we will consider this request and will communicate our decision with you. While in certain circumstances we may refuse to stop processing your personal data, we will explain this to you and you will always have the right to complain about our decision. In any event, we will always stop using your personal data for marketing where you object against us using your personal data for this reason.
Contractual Performance
We may use your personal data in order to perform a contract with you, for instance, to provide services to you as a client or engage with you as a supplier. If you do not provide your personal data for the purpose of contractual performance, we will be unable to fulfil this purpose.
Legal Obligation
We may use your personal data in order to comply with legal requirements that apply to us as a company (for instance, towards HM Revenue & Customs).
WHAT ABOUT ‘COOKIES’?
Cookies are small files which are sent to your computer, smartphone or other device automatically from a web server whenever you visit a particular website. Our Website uses cookies, much like most others but, specifically, we use Google Analytics which, via cookies, helps us to analyse how visitors use our Website.
All devices can block or delete cookies, which can be done by activating certain settings on your browser, however exactly how you do this will depend on your device and what browser you use.
If you would like to read more information on cookies, including on how to block or delete them, then you can do so by visiting:
www.allaboutcookies.org
www.youronlinechoices.eu
www.google.co.uk/policies/technologies/cookies
WHO DO YOU SHARE MY PERSONAL DATA WITH?
We would never share your personal data with third parties for their own marketing or business purposes without your consent, without it being required as part of a contractual obligation between us or without us being subject to a legal obligation to do so, however we use third party service providers in the course of our business for, amongst other things, web hosting, web security, web analytics, data storage, data back-up services, recruitment services and email services.
We take steps to ensure that any third parties service providers who handle your personal data comply with relevant data protection laws and protect your personal data and in any event, these third parties are limited in their ability to use your personal data for reasons other than providing services to us. Due to the nature of these services providers, which often operate in the ‘cloud’, your personal data may be used or stored outside of the EEA/UK.
We share your personal data with other entities within the We Are Social group and have an intra-group agreement in place for this transfer.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Whenever we transfer your personal data outside of the EEA/UK, it will only ever be to a country that has been deemed by the European Commission and/or by the UK’s Secretary of State to provide an adequate level of data protection or, otherwise, using standard data protection clauses approved by the European Commission and Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Should you have any queries in relation to international transfers or wish to request a copy of the safeguards we use, please contact us by post, email or telephone, as set out above.
AUTOMATIC DECISION MAKING
We do not undertake any automatic decision making when processing your personal data.
HOW LONG WILL YOU KEEP MY PERSONAL DATA FOR?
We will not hold your personal data in an identifiable format for longer than is reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it and to comply with our legal obligations.
HOW CAN I MANAGE MY PERSONAL DATA?
At any point while we are in possession of or using your personal data, you have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of personal data that we hold about you;
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct the personal data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances, you can ask for the personal data that we hold about you to be erased from our records;
Right to restriction of processing — in certain circumstances, you have a right to restrict our use of your personal data;
Right of portability — in certain circumstances, you have the right to have the personal data we hold about you transferred to another organisation;
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain ways that we use your personal data, such as direct marketing; and
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling.
Reasonable identification may be required from you if you exercise any of your rights above. In order to exercise any of your rights, we ask that you please contact us by post or email, as set out above.
Please note that you have the right to lodge a complaint at any time about us and the manner in which we collect and use your personal data with any supervisory authority of the UK or EU member state in which (a) you work, (b) you live or (c) an alleged infringement has taken place. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office, the contact details of which are set out below:
Post: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
Telephone:
0303 123 1113
Email:
casework@ico.org.uk
LEGAL APPROACH TO TAX
We Are Social’s approach to tax can be downloaded automatically, as a PDF, by clicking
here
.
noun_notes_3548110 (1)
Fullscreen Icon
Muted Icon
noun_paragraph_3548109 copy
Pause Icon
Play Icon
noun_magazine_1560992 copy
ico_select_black
ico_select_blue
Button
Button
Combined Shape
Button
noun_write_3547939
Volume Icon
Button Arrow
Combined Shape
Group
Scroll Down
Icon Search
Combined Shape
icon-facebook
icon-instagram
icon-linkedin
icon-pinterest
Play icon
Search icon
icon-tiktok
icon-twitter
icon-wechat
icon-youtube
Notifications
Sub-policy 4
https://en-gb.facebook.com/privacy/policy:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgotten account?
Create New Account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (UK)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information that we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off Meta Products and to provide features such as maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies that we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off our Products, and provide features such as maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Centre
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 5
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 6
https://twitter.com/en/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 7
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy:
EEA/UK/CH
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
04 December 2024
Introduction
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “
Platform
”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller
: If you live in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“
TikTok Ireland
”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“
TikTok UK
”), a UK company, ("
TikTok
," "
our
," "
we
," or "
us
") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
We collect your information in three ways:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. More detail is provided below.
Information You Provide
Account Information.
We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can choose to add other information to your account, such as a bio or image.
User Content.
We collect the content you create, import, upload or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect
User Content
through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that
User Content
, for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your
User Content
.
Messages.
We collect the content of the messages you send and receive on the Platform and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when using our shopping feature to communicate with sellers or using virtual assistants.
Your Contacts and Other Connections.
If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. We also collect information about the accounts you follow and that follow you.
Purchase Information.
When you make a purchase, a payment, or other transaction on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase products through our shopping features, we collect information about the transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and products you purchased.
Surveys, Research, and Promotions.
We collect
Information You Provide
if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us.
Information When You Contact Us.
When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our
Terms of Service
(our “
Terms
”),
Community Guidelines
(our “
Guidelines
”), or other policies.
Information From Forms and Features You Use
. We collect the
Information You Provide
when you fill in a form on the Platform. You can let TikTok fill in forms automatically with your account info, like your addresses or payment info.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information.
We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, system language and device settings. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Location Information.
We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your
Technical Information
(such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click
here
to learn more about how we collect Location Information.
Usage Information.
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about how you interact with content and ads, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, and your search history.
Content Characteristics and Features.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your
User Content
, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your
User Content
. We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions.
Inferred Information.
We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe (such as for content moderation), to show you relevant information, and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law.
Information From Other Sources
Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel). These partners are required to have the necessary rights and permissions to share your information with us before doing so. We process certain information that we receive from these partners as a joint controller with them.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these partners.
Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers.
We receive information about you from sellers as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, authentication ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate
TikTok Developer Tools
, we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. We may also receive information from third party providers which we use for safety purposes, including to protect users on the Platform and for content moderation.
Additional Sources.
We may collect or receive information about you from organisations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organisations, and charity groups. We also collect information about you where you are included or mentioned in
User Content
,
Messages
, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
”.
Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support.
Provide our shopping features (such as personalised shopping benefits) and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with sellers, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
Personalise and customise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed and content creation tools.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you. We review
User Content
and other information through a mix of technology (including through automated means) and human moderation to protect the safety and well-being of our community.
Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos,
Suggest your account to other users and suggest accounts of others to you to help connect you with other users.
Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted).
Create analytics reports so that partners, sellers and creators can see how their content, ads or products are performing and to better understand their audience and buyers.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training, testing, and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service.
Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.
Facilitate the sending of marketing communications by sellers to you on our Platform. We act as a joint controller with the sellers in this scenario.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these sellers.
Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people.
Protect the Platform and defend our legal rights and commercial interests, and those of our affiliates, users and the public.
How We Share Your Information
Service Providers
We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as: cloud hosting, and content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payments.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services.
Partners
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
We share limited information which may include
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
, and
Usage Information
with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform, or with whom we have a commercial relationship. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, allow sellers to view and manage your orders through our shopping features, and enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you:
log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other
Information You Provide
,
sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain
Technical Information
to facilitate this,
share
User Content
you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your
User Content
and related information.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness and understand their audience. These reports contain aggregate information of certain
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. We don’t share information with advertisers that can be used to contact you (such as your name or email address) unless you give us your permission.
Measurement and Data Partners.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
and
Usage Information
with third party measurement providers who create aggregate reports that help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers understand their effectiveness and their audience.
Sellers and their Service Providers.
When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share
Purchase Information
related to the transaction with the sellers and service providers acting on their behalf. This includes order items, contact details and delivery information so that your order can be processed. We also share certain
Technical Information
about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. When making a purchase through our shopping features, please review the product and seller location details provided on the Platform for information about where your information will be sent.
Users of Our Analytics Services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators, advertisers and sellers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their content, as well as information to understand their followers, buyers and the audience of their content. We create this aggregate information using
Information you Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
. In certain circumstances, TikTok is a joint controller with TikTok account holders for this processing.
Learn more
about the joint processing for TikTok Analytics.
Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“
Corporate Group
”). These entities process
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
for additional information.
Others
We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows:
Users and the Public.
Based on your privacy settings, your information, including your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Usage Information
may be visible to other users and the public. For example, if you have a public account and have not restricted the visibility of your posts individually, your
Account Information
and
User Content
can be viewed or shared by anyone on or off the Platform, whether or not they have a TikTok account. Depending on your privacy settings, your
Account Information
and
User Content
may also appear on search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos
here
.
Independent Researchers:
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
.
Corporate Transactions.
Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "
What Information We Collect
" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, researchers, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to:
comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,
protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,
investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or
detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity.
To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests.
Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section in the Privacy Policy.
Contractual Necessity
If you have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract, we use
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to:
Provide you with the Platform.
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Personalise features and content.
We also personalise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Product orders and deliveries.
We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing
Purchase Information
with Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Administer the Platform.
We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us.
Legitimate Interests
We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to:
Enable users to create content with interactive features
.
Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Suggest your account to other users
.
We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Provide all users with generic advertising
.
We show all users generic ads, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: We show generic ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language).
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Provide measurement and analytics services
.
We help creators, sellers and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable creators, sellers and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the safety and well-being of our community
.
We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing
User Content
(and if permitted under applicable law,
Messages
and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the security and stability of the Platform
.
We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Review, improve, promote, and develop the Platform
.
We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop, test, and make improvements to the Platform, including to develop and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends, and offer certain personalised features. We also review messages you exchange with customer support to improve technologies supporting such functions.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Facilitate independent research.
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click
here
to learn more
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Share your information with third parties
.
We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with, or otherwise made available on, the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To optimise your experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users, and to allow for the performance of commercial agreements.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Protect the Platform and defend legal rights
We may use your information in connection with preparing for, taking and defending actual or anticipated legal claims or proceedings (including investigating any potential claims we may have or be aware of).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: to protect the Platform and defend the legal rights and commercial interests of us, our affiliates, our users and the public.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Marketing communications
.
We may send you marketing messages about the Platform and third party products and services where we think they will interest you. Where required, we will obtain your consent to send you such communications.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To promote the Platform and third party products and services.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests and use the information we collect to:
Provide you with the Platform
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share, and consume content, interact with others, utilise features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Platform in an easy and intuitive manner..
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Personalise features and content
We use your information to personalise
certain
features and content
on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, create and engage with content and users relevant to their interests. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us in being able to access the Platform and content relevant to their interests.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To keep the Platform free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, or policies and to protect the safety of users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable. It is also in the legitimate interests of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Administer the Platform.
We use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with users and respond to and process queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To share meaningful updates with our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
Your Consent
We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings.
Personalised advertising
.
With your consent, we serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. Click
here
to learn more.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for this purpose.
Retain your payment card information.
With your consent, we store your payment card information to facilitate future transactions through our Platform.
Information used:
Information You Provide
Sellers’ marketing communications.
With your consent, we facilitate the sending of marketing communications to you by sellers on our Platform and/or share your email address with sellers for the purpose of sending marketing communications to you.
Information used:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Device permissions.
We collect information that you allow us to receive through your device-based settings (such as access to your camera, photos and location services) which we use for subsequent purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information used:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your rights
: Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these
instructions
.
You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We may use your information including your
Account Information
or
User Content
where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to communicate with you, take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order or disclosure request from regulators, law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
To perform a task in the public interest
We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your rights
: When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage.
To protect someone's vital interests
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your Rights and Choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK.
Access your information.
You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. In-app controls enable you to:
access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the "
me
" tab on your account.
request a copy of your information by using the “
Download your data
” tool. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
Delete your information.
You can delete or ask us to delete your information. In-app controls enable you to:
delete the content posted on your account, such as your
User Content
and your
Account Information
.
delete your full account. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available
here
).
Rectify your information.
You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your
Account Information
and video content).
Port your information.
You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “
Download your data
” in your settings. Click
here
for detailed instructions. You can also port your TikTok data through TikTok’s Data Portability API. Click
here
for further information.
Object to the processing of your information
. You also have the
right to object
to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims.
Restrict the processing of your information
. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our
webform
. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request.
We encourage you to “
Contact us
” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority.
In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click
here
for more information.
Your choice regarding the use of information across different services.
If you are a user in the EU, we offer you the choice of whether to combine and cross-use your TikTok activity data with our affiliated services, like TikTok Shop, where legally required.
Learn more
.
Data Security and Retention
Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Messages
. If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove
Information You Provide
including your
Account Information
and/or
User Content
from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation.
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
To support our global operations:
We store the information described in the “
What Information We Collect
” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore.
Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see
here
), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “
How We Share Your Information
”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols.
We share “
What Information We Collect
” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “
How We Share Your Information
”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence.
These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information.
When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the
European Commission
under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed
here
; or
Article 49. In the absence of an adequacy decision, We rely on Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) GDPR to transfer Purchase Information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to sellers and transaction fulfilment providers in countries without an adequacy decision when necessary to provide shopping features to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, or to process your orders; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved
contractual clauses
under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described
here
)
and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “
Contact us
” section below.
Younger Users
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this
webform
.
To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our
Help Centre
.
If you are the guardian of a teen, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes.
Contact Us
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our
webform
. You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer
here
.
You can also contact us at the following postal address.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
: TikTok Technology Limited, The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 HD23, Ireland.
For users in the United Kingdom
: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom.
Sub-policy 8
https://www2.deloitte.com/uk/en/footerlinks1/privacy.html:
Please enable JavaScript to view the site.
Privacy notice
Last updated: 18 September 2024
View the cookie notice
1. Purpose
Deloitte LLP (hereinafter referred to as “Data Controller” or “we” “our” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy and processing your data in a clear and transparent manner, using appropriate technical, administrative and physical security measures.
We are the UK affiliate of Deloitte NSE LLP, a member firm of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited, a UK private company limited by guarantee (
“DTTL”
).
DTTL and each of its member firms are legally separate and independent entities. DTTL and Deloitte NSE LLP do not provide services to clients.
This privacy notice describes how we process personal data, in accordance with applicable data protection legislation, including the UK General Data Protection Regulation.
This privacy notice provides details of the nature of the personal data collected by us, together with the purposes of the processing. It also indicates your rights in relation to the data processed and who to contact for further information or requests. In this privacy notice your “personal data” is sometimes referred to as your “information”.
In particular, this privacy notice sets out how we will collect, process, store and protect information about you when:
a) Providing services to you or our clients;
b) You use our Website; or
c) Performing any other activities that form part of the operation of our business, as described in further detail below.
When we refer to “our Website” or “this Website”, we mean the specific webpages of deloitte.com designated as United Kingdom in the upper-right-hand corner and any other website which links to this privacy statement.
As you read this privacy notice, please note that “process” means any operation performed on information about you, including to collect, record, organise, structure, store, alter, use, transfer, destroy or otherwise make available.
On occasion, we will prepare a specific standalone privacy notice, in relation to certain services or in the context of ad-hoc personal data collection forms (e.g., when participating in a survey). Where this occurs, we will advise you at the point at which we collect your personal data.
2. Service specific privacy notices
If you or an entity relevant to you uses Deloitte for any of the services below, you can click on the links for details about how we handle information about you in the relevant service area:
•
Tax & Legal
•
Audit
•
Actuarial Insurance & Banking Solutions
•
Deloitte Commercial Database Analysis
If there do not apply to you, please consult the information in the statement below.
3. The identity and contact details of the Data Controller
This privacy statement applies to Deloitte LLP with its registered office at 1 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3HQ and the entities we own or control.
4. The contact details of the Data Protection Officer
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at Deloitte LLP, 1 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3HQ or the following e-mail address:
dpo@deloitte.co.uk
.
5. What personal data we collect and why
In the course of providing services to you or our client, performing due diligence checks in connection with our services (or communicating with you regarding possible services we might provide), we may collect or obtain personal data about you in physical and electronic form. We may also collect personal data from you when you use our Website.
We may collect or obtain such data because: (i) you give it to us (for example in a form on our Website), (ii) other people give that data to us (for example your employer or adviser, or third party service providers that we use to help operate our business), or (iii) it is publicly available.
We may also collect or obtain personal data from you because we observe or infer that data about you from the way you interact with us or others. For example, to improve your experience when you use our Website and ensure that it is functioning effectively, we (or our service providers) may use cookies (small text files stored in a user’s browser) and Web beacons which may collect personal data. Additional information on how we use cookies and other tracking technologies and how you can control these can be found in our cookie notice on our Website:
Cookies (deloitte.com)
The personal data that we may process may include (but is not limited to):
a) your name, gender, age and date of birth;
b) your contact information, such as your address and contact details (including your email and mobile telephone number), and country of residence;
c) family circumstances (e.g., your marital status and dependents);
d) employment and education details (e.g., the organisation you work for, your job title and your education details);
e) Government identifiers (e.g., your National Insurance number, passport number, driver’s licence);
f) your postings on any blogs, forums, wikis and any other social media applications and services that we provide;
g) your IP address, your browser type and language, your access times, complaint details;
h) details of how you use our products and services;
i) Background information regarding company management, such as beneficial ownership/persons of significant control, the educational and career histories of company principals;
j) Business compliance information from public source government and professional records, media and business publications; and
k) Newspaper and media reports of criminal convictions.
The personal data we collect may also include so called ‘sensitive’ or ‘special categories’ of personal data, such as details about your: dietary requirements (for example, where Deloitte would like to provide you with lunch during a meeting); health (for example, so that we can make reasonable accommodations for you in our buildings or at our events) and sexual orientation (for example, if you provide us with details of your spouse or partner). We may also collect and process personal data relating to ethnic or racial origin e.g. multicultural networks.
If you choose not to provide us with this information, or you object to us processing such information, we may be prevented from processing your instructions or continuing to provide all or some of our services to you or our client.
6. How we use your personal data
Use of personal data to provide services to our clients:
a) We will use your personal data to provide you or our clients or other third parties with services. As part of this, we may use your personal data in the course of correspondence relating to the services. Such correspondence may be with you, other third parties, other members of the Deloitte Network, our service providers or competent authorities.
b) We may also use your personal data to conduct due diligence or sanctions screening (where relevant) relating to the services.
i. Because we provide a wide range of services to our clients or other third parties, the way we use personal data in relation to our services also varies. For example, we might use personal data about;
ii. a client's employees to help those employees manage their tax affairs when working overseas;
iii. a client's employees and customers in the course of conducting an audit (or similar activity) for a client; or
iv. a client to help him/her complete a tax return.
Use of personal data for other activities that form part of the operation of our business:
a) We may also use your personal data for the purposes of, or in connection with:
i. applicable legal, regulatory or professional requirements;
ii. requests and communications from competent authorities;
iii. client account opening and other administrative purposes;
iv. financial accounting, invoicing and risk analysis purposes; or
v. protecting our rights and those of our client.
Use of personal data for marketing and business development purposes:
a) We may use your personal data for client and prospect relationship purposes, which may involve;
i. sending you insights, opinions, updates, reports on topical issues or details of our products and services that we think might be of interest to you. contacting you to receive feedback on services;
ii. contacting you to invite you to events, seminars, briefings; or
iii. recruitment and business development purposes (for example testimonials from a client's employees may be used as part of our recruitment and business development materials with that employee's permission).
These communications may come from our Deloitte Alumni Network or be general Deloitte communications. (See paragraph 14 below)
Use of personal data collected via our Website:
a) to enable the navigation of this Website;
b) to manage and improve our Website;
c) to tailor the content of our Website to provide you with a more personalised experience and draw your attention to information about our products and services that may be of interest to you;
d) to send targeted advertising from third parties through advertising and targeting cookies, should you consent to the use of same via our privacy preference centre.
e) to manage and respond to any request you submit through our Website.
7. The lawful bases for processing personal data
In respect of the use of personal data in connection with providing services to our clients and activities relating our business (as set out at paragraphs 6.1 and 6.2 above) we rely on one or more of the following lawful grounds:
a) the processing is necessary to perform the agreement we have with you or to take steps to enter into an agreement with you;
b) the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation we have such as keeping records for tax purposes or providing information to a public body or law enforcement agency; or
c) the processing is necessary for the purposes of a legitimate interest pursued by us, which might be:
i. to provide our services to you or our clients and other third parties and ensure that our client engagements are well-managed;
ii. to prevent fraud;
iii. to protect our business interests;
iv. to ensure that complaints are investigated; or
v. you have explicitly agreed to us processing your information for a specific reason.
In respect of use of personal data for marketing and business development purposes and personal data collected via our Website (as set out in paragraphs
6.3 to 6.6
above), we rely on legitimate interest or you have given us your explicit consent to process that data, for the following purposes:
a) to develop our business and maintain business relationships with clients and business contacts;
b) to evaluate, develop or improve our services or products; or
c) to keep you or our clients informed about relevant products and services and provide you with information, unless you have indicated at any time that you do not wish us to do so.
To the extent that we process any special categories of data relating to you for any of the purposes outlined above, we will do so because either:
a) you have given us your explicit consent to process that data;
b) we are required by law to process that data in order to ensure we meet our 'know your client' and 'anti-money laundering' obligations (or other legal obligations imposed on us);
c) the processing is necessary to carry out our obligations under employment, social security or social protection law;
d) the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or
e) you have made the data manifestly public.
Please note that in certain circumstances it may be still lawful for us to continue processing your information even where you have withdrawn your consent, if one of the other legal bases described above is applicable.
8. Sharing your personal data
In connection with one or more of the purposes outlined in the "How we use information about you" section above, we may disclose details about you to the following recipients, or categories of recipients:
a) other members of the Deloitte Network; third parties that provide services to us and/or the Deloitte Network;
b) competent authorities (including courts and authorities regulating us or another member of the Deloitte Network);
c) your employer and/or their advisers;
d) your advisers;
e) any other person or organisation after a restructure, sale or acquisition of any member of the Deloitte Network, as long as that person uses your information for the same purposes as it was originally given to us or used by us (or both);
f) credit reference agencies or other organisations that help us make credit decisions and reduce the incidence of fraud;
g) and other third parties that reasonably require access to personal data relating to you for one or more of the purposes outlined in the "How we use information about you" section above..
Our Website hosts various blogs, forums, wikis and other social media applications or services that allow you to share content with other users (collectively "Social Media Applications"). Importantly, any personal data that you contribute to these Social Media Applications can be read, collected and used by other users of the application. We have little or no control over these other users and, therefore, we cannot guarantee that any information that you contribute to any Social Media Applications will be processed in accordance with this privacy notice.
9. Transferring your personal data outside the UK
Information about you in our possession may be transferred to other countries (which may include countries outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"), such as jurisdictions where we do business; jurisdictions linked to your engagement with us; jurisdictions from which you regularly receive or transmit information; or jurisdictions where our third parties conduct their activities.
These countries may have differing (and potentially less stringent) laws relating to the degree of confidentiality afforded to the information it holds and that such information can become subject to the laws and disclosure requirements of such countries, including disclosure to governmental bodies, regulatory agencies and private persons, as a result of applicable governmental or regulatory inquiry, court order or other similar process. In addition, a number of countries have agreements with other countries providing for exchange of information for law enforcement, tax and other purposes.
When we, or our permitted third parties, transfer your personal data outside the UK or EEA, we or they will impose contractual obligations on the recipients of that data to protect your personal data to the standard required in the EEA. We or they may also require the recipient to subscribe to international frameworks intended to enable secure data sharing. We or they may also transfer your personal data where:
a) the transfer is to a country deemed to provide adequate protection of your personal data by the UK government; or
b) where you have consented to the transfer.
If we transfer your personal data outside the EEA or UK in other circumstances (for example because we have to provide such information by law), we will put in place appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal data remains adequately protected.
We may share non-personal, de-identified and aggregated information with third parties for several purposes, including data analytics, research, submissions, thought leadership and promotional purposes.
10. How long we keep your personal data for
The information systems and computer programs used by us are configured in such a way as to minimise the use of personal data.
We keep your personal data for the longest of the following periods:
a) as long as is necessary for the relevant activity or services;
b) any retention period that is required by law; or
c) the end of the period in which litigation or investigations might arise in respect of the services.
We maintain retention schedules relating to the processing of personal data.
11. Protection your personal data
We use a range of measures to ensure that we keep your personal data secure, accurate and up to date. These include:
a) education and training to relevant staff to ensure they are aware of our data protection obligations when processing personal data;
b) administrative and technical controls to restrict access to personal data to a 'need to know' basis;
c) technological security measures, including fire walls, encryption and anti-virus software; and
d) physical security measures, such as staff security passes to access our premises.
Although we use appropriate security measures once we have received your personal data, the transmission of data over the internet (including by e-mail) is never completely secure. We endeavour to protect personal data, but we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to us or by us.
12. Your rights
You have various rights in relation to your personal data. In particular you have a right to:
a) obtain confirmation that we are processing your personal data and request a copy of the personal data we hold about you;
b) be informed about the processing of your personal data (i.e. for what purposes, what types, to what recipients it is disclosed, storage periods, any third-party sources from where it was obtained, confirmation of whether we undertake automated decision-making, including profiling, and the logic, significance and envisaged consequences);
c) ask that we update the personal data we hold about you, or correct such personal data that you think is incorrect or incomplete;
d) ask that we delete personal data that we hold about you, or restrict the way in which we use such personal data; withdraw consent to our processing of your personal data (to the extent such processing is based on previously obtained consent);
e) receive a copy of the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit such personal data to another party (to the extent the processing is based on consent or a contract);
f) ask us to stop or start sending you marketing messages at any time by using the contact details set out in this Privacy Notice; and
g) object to our processing of your personal data.
Should you request access or wish to see a copy of your personal data, we will endeavour to respond within a reasonable period and in any event within one month in compliance with Data Protection Legislation. We will comply with our legal obligations as regards your rights as a data subject.
We aim to ensure that the information we hold about you is accurate at all times. To assist us in ensuring that your information is up to date, do let us know if any of your personal details change using the contact details set out in this Privacy Notice.
You may also use the contact details in this Privacy Notice if you wish to make a complaint to us relating to your privacy.
13. Sending you marketing or business development information
If we believe you are a client or business contact who may be interested in our thought leadership or marketing campaigns, we may use your information from time to time to inform you by letter, telephone, email and other electronic methods, about similar products and services (including those of third parties) which may be of interest to you.
If you have indicated that you wish to be part of the Deloitte Alumni Network, we may use your information to provide you with our newsletter and other communications which will inform you about network events, our diversity network activities, career opportunities at Deloitte, our talent scout referral rewards scheme, webinars and other thought leadership.
You may, at any time, withdraw your consent or request a change to your marketing preferences by following the instructions in communications from us or contacting us in the way described in this Privacy Notice.
14. Contact details and your right to complain
If you wish to exercise any of the rights relating to your information set out at paragraph
12
above, or if you have any questions or comments about privacy issues, or you wish to raise a complaint about how we are using your information you can contact us in the following ways:
a) Write to our Data Protection Officer at 1 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3HQ.
b) send an email to
dpo@deloitte.co.uk
If you have any concerns about our use of your information, you also have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioners Office who can be contacted in the following ways;
a) Write to the Information Commissioner at The Office of the Information Commissioner, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF;
b) Via the Information Commissioners data protection complaints tool which can be found at
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/data-protection-complaints/data-protection-complaints/
15. Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may modify or amend this Privacy Notice from time to time. When we make changes to this notice, we will amend the revision date at the top of this page, and such modified or amended Privacy Notice will be effective from that revision date. We therefore invite you to regularly consult this notice to stay up to date with any changes made since your last consultation.
17. Third Party requests
If you are submitting a Personal data request on behalf of someone other than yourself, please contact us by using the contact details in this Privacy Notice and include proof that you are authorised to make the request. This may be in the form of a written authorisation signed by the person whom you are acting on behalf of or a valid power of attorney.
Sub-policy 9
https://www.wtatennis.com/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Go back to the home page
Tournaments
Scores
Rankings
Players
Players
Head to Head
Doubles
Coaches
News & Video
News
Videos
Photos
WTA Insider
Netflix
Stats
The WTA
About the WTA
Original 9
Health
Rally The World
WTA Foundation
WTA Apps
Where To Watch
WTA TV
Sign in
My Account
Sign in
Join for free
Enter Your Search
Tournaments
Scores
Rankings
News
Videos
Tournaments
Scores
Rankings
Players
Players
Head to Head
Doubles
Coaches
News & Video
News
Videos
Photos
WTA Insider
Netflix
Stats
The WTA
About the WTA
Original 9
Health
Rally The World
WTA Foundation
WTA Apps
Where To Watch
WTA TV
Sub-policy 10
https://www.federtennis.it/Privacy-Policy:
Your connection is not private
Attackers might be trying to steal your information from
www.federtennis.it
(for example, passwords, messages, or credit cards).
Learn more about this warning
net::ERR_CERT_DATE_INVALID
Subject:
*.federtennis.it
Issuer:
GeoTrust RSA CA 2018
Expires on:
Jan 10, 2024
Current date:
Mar 16, 2025
PEM encoded chain:
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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-----END CERTIFICATE-----
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
MIIEizCCA3OgAwIBAgIQBUb+GCP34ZQdo5/OFMRhczANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsFADBh
MQswCQYDVQQGEwJVUzEVMBMGA1UEChMMRGlnaUNlcnQgSW5jMRkwFwYDVQQLExB3
d3cuZGlnaWNlcnQuY29tMSAwHgYDVQQDExdEaWdpQ2VydCBHbG9iYWwgUm9vdCBD
QTAeFw0xNzExMDYxMjIzNDVaFw0yNzExMDYxMjIzNDVaMF4xCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVT
MRUwEwYDVQQKEwxEaWdpQ2VydCBJbmMxGTAXBgNVBAsTEHd3dy5kaWdpY2VydC5j
b20xHTAbBgNVBAMTFEdlb1RydXN0IFJTQSBDQSAyMDE4MIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0B
AQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIBCgKCAQEAv4rRY03hGOqHXegWPI9/tr6HFzekDPgxP59FVEAh
150Hm8oDI0q9m+2FAmM/n4W57Cjv8oYi2/hNVEHFtEJ/zzMXAQ6CkFLTxzSkwaEB
2jKgQK0fWeQz/KDDlqxobNPomXOMJhB3y7c/OTLo0lko7geG4gk7hfiqafapa59Y
rXLIW4dmrgjgdPstU0Nigz2PhUwRl9we/FAwuIMIMl5cXMThdSBK66XWdS3cLX18
4ND+fHWhTkAChJrZDVouoKzzNYoq6tZaWmyOLKv23v14RyZ5eqoi6qnmcRID0/i6
U9J5nL1krPYbY7tNjzgC+PBXXcWqJVoMXcUw/iBTGWzpwwIDAQABo4IBQDCCATww
HQYDVR0OBBYEFJBY/7CcdahRVHex7fKjQxY4nmzFMB8GA1UdIwQYMBaAFAPeUDVW
0Uy7ZvCj4hsbw5eyPdFVMA4GA1UdDwEB/wQEAwIBhjAdBgNVHSUEFjAUBggrBgEF
BQcDAQYIKwYBBQUHAwIwEgYDVR0TAQH/BAgwBgEB/wIBADA0BggrBgEFBQcBAQQo
MCYwJAYIKwYBBQUHMAGGGGh0dHA6Ly9vY3NwLmRpZ2ljZXJ0LmNvbTBCBgNVHR8E
OzA5MDegNaAzhjFodHRwOi8vY3JsMy5kaWdpY2VydC5jb20vRGlnaUNlcnRHbG9i
YWxSb290Q0EuY3JsMD0GA1UdIAQ2MDQwMgYEVR0gADAqMCgGCCsGAQUFBwIBFhxo
dHRwczovL3d3dy5kaWdpY2VydC5jb20vQ1BTMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAA4IBAQAw
8YdVPYQI/C5earp80s3VLOO+AtpdiXft9OlWwJLwKlUtRfccKj8QW/Pp4b7h6QAl
ufejwQMb455OjpIbCZVS+awY/R8pAYsXCnM09GcSVe4ivMswyoCZP/vPEn/LPRhH
hdgUPk8MlD979RGoUWz7qGAwqJChi28uRds3thx+vRZZIbEyZ62No0tJPzsSGSz8
nQ//jP8BIwrzBAUH5WcBAbmvgWfrKcuv+PyGPqRcc4T55TlzrBnzAzZ3oClo9fTv
O9PuiHMKrC6V6mgi0s2sa/gbXlPCD9Z24XUMxJElwIVTDuKB0Q4YMMlnpN/QChJ4
B0AFsQ+DU0NCO+f78Xf7
-----END CERTIFICATE-----
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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-----END CERTIFICATE-----
Certificate Transparency:
SCT  (Embedded in certificate, From unknown log)
SCT  (Embedded in certificate, From unknown log)
SCT  (Embedded in certificate, From unknown log)
Warnings may be common while websites update their security. This should improve soon.
Help improve security on the web for everyone by sending
URLs of some pages you visit, limited system information, and some page content
to Google.
Privacy policy
Turn on enhanced protection
to get Chrome's highest level of security
Back to safety
Advanced
This server could not prove that it is
www.federtennis.it
; its security certificate expired 431 days ago. This may be caused by a misconfiguration or an attacker intercepting your connection. Your computer's clock is currently set to Sunday, March 16, 2025. Does that look right? If not, you should correct your system's clock and then refresh this page.
Proceed to www.federtennis.it (unsafe)
Sub-policy 11
https://www.tennistv.com/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Home
Order of Play
Tournament Calendar
Replays & Highlights
Players
Library
My Watchlist
24/7 Classics
Mobile Navigation Menu
Schedule
Search Tennis TV
More
About Tennis TV
See Tournament Draws
Play Predictor & Polls
ATP Tour
Cookie Settings
Help
See Tournament Draws
ATP Tour
Cookie Settings
Help
Close Menu
Home
Order of Play
Tournament Calendar
Replays & Highlights
Players
Library
My Watchlist
24/7 Classics
More
About Tennis TV
See Tournament Draws
Play Predictor & Polls
ATP Tour
Cookie Settings
Help
See Tournament Draws
ATP Tour
Cookie Settings
Help
What does this notice cover?
This notice describes how ATP Media Operations Limited (also referred to as "ATP Media", "we" or "us") will make use of your personal data when you subscribe to and use Tennis TV. If you are under the age of 18 you may find it easier to read our
child-friendly notice
.
It also describes your data protection rights, including a right to object to some of the processing which ATP Media carries out. More information about your rights, and how to exercise them, is set out in the "What rights do I have?" section.
The relevant data controller of such personal data is ATP Media Operations Limited for the purpose of users within the UK and the EU.
Summary of how we use your data
ATP Media uses your personal data to provide you with Tennis TV, including providing you with personalised content, and to manage your subscription (including processing your payments).
Data is shared with a number of data processors, who help provide us with the Tennis TV platform and with analytical services.
Where we rely on your consent, such as for sending you marketing communications, you can withdraw this consent at any time.
We may, where you consent, share your information with ATP and ATP Tournaments, so that they can send you marketing about their products and tournaments. Again, you can withdraw this consent at any time.
Where you are under the age of 13 - or where you are located in a member state that has set an age higher than this - we will not send you direct marketing or allow ATP or ATP Tournaments to send you marketing. We will need to obtain your age in order to ensure that we comply with this obligation.
What information do we collect?
We collect and process personal data about you when you interact with us and our websites and apps, and when you register and purchase a subscription from us. This will typically be provided directly by you, and may include information you provide on registration or in the process of your purchase, such as your name, address, email address, nationality, favourite player, marketing preferences and payment details. The details being provided by you will be made clear in forms you complete or will be provided directly by you in surveys, in purchasing a subscription or in volunteering information in communications or content you provide us.
What information do we generate or receive from third parties?
We may generate or collect information about you ourselves. Much of this is set out in our Cookies Section below.
Sometimes, we receive information about you from third parties such as social media sites. For example, if you use a "like" or a "share" button for a feature on our sites or apps, then the third party site you share this on will share information with us. If you participate in activities on non-ATP Media sites or apps - such as participating in a Facebook application - you may allow us to have access to personal data held by Facebook, or other similar sites or app owners. Similarly, you can also log-in to our websites and apps through your Apple, Google or Facebook log-in, in which case these sites will share such log-in information with us. We may also obtain information about you from third party analytics providers, which we may use to help us better understand our users and send them appropriate offers and information.
How do we use this information, and what is the legal basis for this use?
We process this personal data for the following purposes:
To fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract:
this is relevant where you purchase a subscription from us or enter a competition we run. This includes:
verifying your identity;
taking payments;
communicating with you; and
providing customer services and arranging the delivery or other provision of products, prizes or services.
As required by ATP Media to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests, in particular
:
we monitor and analyse use of our websites and online services, and use your information to help us monitor, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites - we may also share data with ATP and ATP Tournaments so that it can carry out similar analysis and improvement;
we use information you provide to personalise our website, products or services for you;
if you provide a credit or debit card as payment, we also use third parties to process that payment and check the validity of the card number you submit in order to prevent fraud (see data sharing below);
we use information you provide to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about our website or our products or services;
we will use data in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation); and
we use data of some individuals to invite them to take part in market research.
Where you give us consent:
we will send you direct marketing in relation to our relevant products and services;
we will share your data with ATP and ATP Tournaments so that they may send you products and services;
we place cookies and use similar technologies in accordance with our Cookies Policy and the information provided to you when those technologies are used; and
on other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the data for the purpose which we explain at that time;
For purposes which are required by law:
we collect your age to ensure that we do not send marketing to individuals where we would be required to obtain parental consent;
we will process information in order to comply with EU portability requirements; and
we will provide data in response to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
Relying on our legitimate interests
We have carried out balancing tests for all the data processing we carry out on the basis of our legitimate interests, which we have described above. You can obtain information on any of our balancing tests by contacting us using the details set out later in this notice.
Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing
Wherever we rely on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw that consent, although we may have other legal grounds for processing your data for other purposes, such as those set out above. In some cases, we are able to send you direct marketing without your consent, where we rely on our legitimate interests. You have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing, or profiling we carry out for direct marketing, at any time. You can do this by following the instructions in the communication where this is an electronic message, by making changes to your preferences on the logged-in sections of our sites and applications, or by contacting us using the details set out below.
What cookies and/or tracking technologies does ATP Media use?
When you visit one of our websites, we may also collect, process and use information about you and your use of the website, including any forums you visit and how you arrived at our site. Such information may be collected through "traffic data" and may entail the use of "cookies" or other tracking technologies, IP addresses or other numeric codes used to identify your computer.
Apple iOS, Android and other mobile, gaming or smart devices
By accessing an ATP Media application from these devices you consent to cookies being stored to your device (and other tracking technologies being used to read data from your device) for the following purposes: keeping you logged in, ensuring that an appropriate version of content is presented, analytics and advertising. Although the use of some of these cookies are optional, many of these cookies and technologies are essential to the operation of the application. It is not currently possible to opt out or remove these essential cookies (or prevent use of these technologies) from the device without deleting the application.
For more information on cookies please click on the link to our Cookies Policy, available
here
.
Who will we share this data with, where and when?
We will share information with ATP and ATP Tournaments where you give consent to their processing of your data. We will also share data with ATP so that they can carry out analysis of their products and services based on the use of ATP Media's services - this sharing is carried out on the basis of our, and ATP's, legitimate interests.
We may, in order to provide Tennis TV on certain platforms you choose to use, be required to share certain limited information with the provider of that platform to ensure that the service can be loaded and provided.
Personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if mandated by law or if required for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws.
Personal data will also be shared with third party service providers, who will process it on behalf of ATP Media for the purposes identified above. In particular, we use third party providers of website design and hosting, video delivery, maintenance and payment processing services. We also use third party analytical tools, which process your data to help us get better insights into our users and allow us to improve our services and promotions
In the event that the business is sold or integrated with another business, your details will be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser's adviser and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
Where information is shared with ATP, this is shared to the United States. ATP tournaments are located all over the world, including in countries outside the EEA and UK. Some of our suppliers are also located in the United States. Where information is transferred outside the EEA or UK, and where this is to a stakeholder or vendor in a country that is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission or by the UK government, data is adequately protected by EU Commission or UK Information Commissioner approved standard contractual clauses or a vendor's Processor Binding Corporate Rules. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be provided for your review on request using the contact details set out below.
What rights do I have?
You have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal data; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal data; and to obtain the personal data you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine-readable format, and to ask us to share (port) this data to another controller.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don't have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the data for direct marketing).
These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. Relevant exemptions are included in both the GDPR/UK GDPR and in local laws, such as the Data Protection Act 2018. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.
To exercise any of these rights, or to obtain other information, such as a copy of a legitimate interests balancing test, you can get in touch with us - or our data protection officer - using the details set out below. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to an EU data protection authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred. If you are based in the UK, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
We indicate which data is mandatory when you first sign up for the service. If this information is not provided, we cannot provide our services. Other information is optional, such as details of your preferences, nationality and favourite players, but if you do not provide this then we may not be able to provide you a fully personalised service.
How do I get in touch with you?
We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your data. If you have any concerns about how we process your data, or would like to opt out of direct marketing, you can get in touch at
help@tennistv.com
or by writing to ATP Media, 4th Floor, 22-24 Worple Road, London, SW19 4DD, UK. Don't forget that you can also change your preferences by visiting the logged in sections of our website.
To comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679), we have appointed a European representative. If you wish to contact them, their details are as follows. Please note that they are only for privacy/data protection-related requests and not for general queries:
Bird & Bird GDPR Representative Services SRL
Avenue Louise 235
1050 Bruxelles
Belgium
EUrepresentative.ATPMedia@twobirds.com
How long will you retain my data?
Where we process registration data, or otherwise in connection with performing a contract or processing for a competition, we do this for as long as you are an active user of our sites and for at least 6 years after this.
Where we process personal data for marketing purposes or with your consent, we process the data until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). Where you have not opened an email from us in two years, we will take you off our mailing lists. We also keep a record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your data indefinitely so that we can respect your request in future.
Effective Date: This Privacy Notice was updated 6th March
2025 and is effective as of that date.
Sub-policy 12
https://www.itia.tennis/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
International Tennis Integrity Agency Privacy Policy
WHO IS THE ITIA AND WHAT DO WE DO?
The International Tennis Integrity Agency Ltd (“ITIA”, “we”, “us”, “our”) is the dedicated integrity unit for professional tennis and is responsible for ensuring a clean sport by enforcing the rules concerning competition manipulation worldwide. The ITIA is committed to protecting your privacy. This notice explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. Please read this carefully.
The ITIA is a private limited company based in Roehampton, London and is operationally independent from the sport of tennis. The ITIA’s members are: ATP Tour, Inc. ("ATP"); the International Tennis Federation ("ITF"); the Women's Tennis Association ("WTA"); and the Grand Slam Board (being Australian Open, Roland-Garros, US Open and, in the case of Wimbledon, a joint Committee of Management consisting of AELTC) (the "Grand Slam Board") (together, the “Governing Bodies”). The ITIA reports to the Tennis Integrity Supervisory Board (“TISB”), which comprises a senior representative from each of the Governing Bodies and the Grand Slam Board, together with five independent directors. The ITIA liaises with the TISB in respect of its day to day functioning.
The ITIA has two main functions:
Anti-corruption: This was previously carried out by the Tennis Integrity Unit (“TIU”). The TIU has been subsumed within the ITIA (effective from 1 January 2021); and
Anti-doping
:
The ITF is a signatory to the World Anti-Doping Code which permits it to delegate aspects of its function subject to ITF remaining ultimately responsible for ensuring such compliance. This notice will apply to processing carried out by the ITIA in relation to this after 1 January 2022.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND WHY?
The ITIA generally collects personal information in order to carry out the above listed functions. This includes:
Preventing and detecting doping, corruption and/or other breaches or crimes in professional tennis;
Administering our anti-doping and anti-corruption programmes including processing applications, conducting investigations and operating the 'no credentials' list of individuals who are subject to exclusion from tournaments sanctioned or recognised by the Governing Bodies;
Communicating with individuals (e.g. dealing with your inquiries, complaints, grievances, comments and requests) and registering for any conferences or educational seminar;
Defending legal rights, property and/or safety of the ITIA or others; and
Administering our website, apps and portals including trouble shooting, maintaining security, testing and analysis, improving, personalising.
The personal information that we may collect broadly falls into the following categories:
Personal information provided to us voluntarily. This may be:
When you sign-up to, access and use the ITIA website, apps or portals;
In the context of an anti-corruption or anti-doping investigation where we may request personal data.
Where you communicate with us, whether by email, phone, the website, our app, portals or if you send us a letter.
When you attend or register an education workshop, conference or seminar organised by the ITIA.
Personal information provided through different methods and third party. Particularly where subject to an investigation, information can come from:
Your devices;
Open Source media (e.g. Facebook, Twitter etc.);
Tournament physiotherapists/doctors;
Anonymous sources or contacts;
Betting operators and betting regulators;
The International Betting Integrity Association (“IBIA”) (formerly the European Sports Security Association);
Governing bodies and Governing Body portals;
Match Supervisors (and/or other tournament accredited personnel, including Chair Umpires) ;
Tournament Officials;
Other Players and officials;
Tournament broadcasters; and
Witnesses
Given the wide scope of some if the investigations undertaken, the ITIA could process a variety of data types. These will include:
For players: contact details (such as name, address, email), gender, age, nationality, identification number, login details, health-related information (such as medical diagnosis, treatment plan, and test results), location, telephone records, bank details and credit card transactions, match recording and photographs, score cards, disciplinary records, physical fitness and interview records.
For professionals and representatives: contact details, gender, nationality, qualifications, specialties, relationship to player, job title and employer (if relevant), login details.
Other individuals: contact details, gender, relationship to player (if applicable)
The ITIA also collects some personal information automatically. When you visit our website, apps or portals, we may collect certain information automatically from your device. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area, this information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws. Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information.
We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our website, including the pages accessed and links clicked. Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our website, apps and portals, where they come from, and what content is of interest to them. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance to our visitors. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology. For more information about the types of cookies we use, why, and how you can control cookies, please read our Cookies Policy.
OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person or to perform a public task.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
Some of the personal information we collect falls under “special categories of personal data” or “personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences”. These categories of data are seen as being more sensitive and are therefore afforded greater levels of protection. We only collect this information where it is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest (such as to maintain and uphold standards of behaviour in sport public interest and/or to prevent or detect unlawful acts) or with your prior explicit consent.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
We may share personal information with the following categories of recipients:
To any third party and/or partners who provide data processing services to us to support the delivery of our functions, or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or notified to you when we collect your personal information. Examples include:
Betting operators and regulators;
Governing Bodies;
UK Gambling Commission;
Professional Tennis Integrity Officers;
Independent Review Board;
National Anti-Doping organisations;
National Tennis associations;
World Anti-Doping Agency, and other organisations (such as the International Olympic Committee or International Paralympic Committee), in accordance with the World Anti-Doping Code and the Tennis Anti-Doping Programme.
IT / website / app providers;
Legal advisers; and
DataRep.
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person; and
to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA FOR?
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
HOW WE KEEP YOUR DATA SECURE?
We use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect personal data we process. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. Specific measures we use include encrypting your personal information in transit and at rest, 2-factor authentication for logging into our systems and detailed access logs.
OVERSEAS TRANSFERS OF YOUR DATA
Where possible, we limit the occasions when we need to transfer your personal data outside of the EEA and UK. However, where we do transfer your personal data internationally, we make sure that your data is still treated fairly and lawfully in all respects and have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy notice. These include implementing standard model contractual clauses to govern that data sharing, in accordance with data protection laws. Please contact us if you would like to see a copy of any safeguards we put in place or find out more.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites easily (including the ATP, ITF and WTA websites/portals). However, once you have used these links to leave our Website we do not have any control over these third party websites and are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such websites.
YOUR RIGHTS
In certain situations, you are entitled to:
• access a copy of your personal data;
• correct or update your personal data;
• erase your personal data;
• object to the processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (as set out in the above table);
• restrict the processing of your personal data;
• request the transfer of your personal data to a third party;
• complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information; or
• where you have provided your consent to certain of our processing activities, in certain circumstances, you may withdraw your consent at any time (but please note that we may continue to process such personal data if we have legitimate legal grounds for doing so).
If you want to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the details set out below.
EUROPEAN REPRESENTATIVE
In relation to all personal data processing activities undertaken by the ITIA that relate to individuals in the EEA and/or the activities of individuals in the EEA, the ITIA's European Representative is DataRep and can be contacted at:
• itiatennis@datarep.com
• using online webform at www.datarep.com/itiatennis
• Mailing your enquiry to DataRep at the most convenient of the addresses below:
Please address any enquiries to ‘DataRep’ and not to the ITIA directly; communications addressed to the ITIA directly will likely not be received. Please do however ensure that the correspondence refers to the ITIA.
Country
Address
Austria
DataRep, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020, Austria
Belgium
DataRep, Rue des Colonies 11, Brussels, 1000, Belgium
Bulgaria
DataRep, 132 Mimi Balkanska Str., Sofia, 1540, Bulgaria
Croatia
DataRep, Ground & 9th Floor, Hoto Tower, Savska cesta 32, Zagreb, 10000,
Croatia
Cyprus
DataRep, Victory House, 205 Archbishop Makarios Avenue, Limassol, 3030,
Cyprus
Czech Republic
DataRep, Platan Office, 28. Října 205/45, Floor 3&4, Ostrava, 70200, Czech Republic
Denmark
DataRep, Lautruphøj 1-3, Ballerup, 2750, Denmark
Estonia
DataRep, 2
nd
Floor, Tornimae 5, Tallinn, 10145, Estonia
Finland
DataRep, Luna House, 5.krs, Mannerheimintie 12 B, Helsinki, 00100, Finland
France
DataRep, 72 rue de Lessard, Rouen, 76100, France
Germany
DataRep, 3rd and 4th floor, Altmarkt 10 B/D, Dresden, 01067, Germany
Greece
DataRep, Ippodamias Sq. 8, 4th floor, Piraeus, Attica, Greece
Hungary
DataRep, President Centre, Kálmán Imre utca 1, Budapest, 1054, Hungary
Iceland
DataRep, Kalkofnsvegur 2, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland
Ireland
DataRep, The Cube, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY, Republic of Ireland
Italy
DataRep,
Viale Giorgio Ribotta 11, Piano 1, Rome, Lazio, 00144, Italy
Latvia
DataRep, 4th & 5th floors, 14 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia
Liechtenstein
DataRep, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020, Austria
Lithuania
DataRep, 44A Gedimino Avenue, 01110 Vilnius, Lithuania
Luxembourg
DataRep, BPM 335368, Banzelt 4 A, 6921, Roodt-sur-Syre, Luxembourg
Malta
DataRep, Tower Business Centre, 2nd floor, Tower Street, Swatar, BKR4013,
Malta
Netherlands
DataRep, Cuserstraat 93, Floor 2 and 3, Amsterdam, 1081 CN, Netherlands
Norway
DataRep, C.J. Hambros Plass 2c, Oslo, 0164, Norway
Poland
DataRep, Budynek Fronton ul Kamienna 21, Krakow, 31-403, Poland
Portugal
DataRep, Torre de Monsanto, Rua Afonso Praça 30, 7th floor, Algès, Lisbon,
1495-061, Portugal
Romania
DataRep, 15 Piaţa Charles de Gaulle, nr. 1-T, Bucureşti, Sectorul 1, 011857,
Romania
Slovakia
DataRep, Apollo Business Centre II, Block E / 9th floor, 4D Prievozska,
Bratislava, 821 09, Slovakia
Slovenia
DataRep, Trg. Republike 3, Floor 3, Ljubljana, 1000, Slovenia
Spain
DataRep,
Calle de Manzanares 4, Madrid, 28005, Spain
Sweden
DataRep, S:t Johannesgatan 2, 4th floor, Malmo, SE - 211 46, Sweden
Switzerland
DataRep, Leutschenbachstrasse 95, Zurich, 8050, Switzerland
UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Notice changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws. You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Notice.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any requests concerning your personal data please either contact DataRep where relevant, using the contact details shown above, or contact us at:
• Email:
dpo@itia.tennis
• Write to us: FAO Data Protection Officer, International Tennis Integrity Agency Ltd, Fieldfisher, Riverbank House, 2 Swan Lane, London, United Kingdom, EC4R 3TT
• Phone: +44 20 3819 0190
The data controller of your personal information is International Tennis Integrity Agency Limited, which is registered with the Information Commissioners Office with registration number ZA836858.
Last Updated September 2024
Vacancies
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
Contact us