Introduction
We believe that transparency is the key to any healthy relationship. We appreciate that you are trusting us with information
        that is important to you, and we want to be transparent about how we use it. Here we describe the privacy practices for
        M. MOHSIN Software Solutions. You will learn about the data we collect, how we use it, the controls we give you over your information,
        and the measures we take to keep it safe. Here are some key factors: We may anonymize, de-identify and/or aggregate the
        information that we collect and use such anonymized, de-identified and/or aggregated data for commercial, statistical
        and market research purposes, including sharing it with affiliates and business partners. You own your personal data,
        and you’re always in control. Therefore we offer you several ways to control the privacy of your personal information
        and we’re constantly striving to improve the functions and features needed in order for you to be feel that you’re in
        control. Our privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) is here to give you all the information you need about what kind of
        information we collect, how we use, how we share it, how you control your data, and make sure you know your rights in
        connection to when you use our applications, software, websites, APIs and services (collectively, “M. MOHSIN Software Solutions”).
        When it comes to third party products or services or the practices of companies that we do not own or control, including
        other companies you might interact with in or through M. MOHSIN Software Solutions, this Privacy Policy does not apply to them, unless
        indicated otherwise. This Privacy Policy establishes a legal agreement between you, as the user of M. MOHSIN Software Solutions.
        Throughout this Privacy Policy we will refer to you as “you”, and we will refer to M. MOHSIN Software Solutions (as the developer
        behind M. MOHSIN Software Solutions) as “we”, “us” or “M. MOHSIN Software Solutions”. If you have any questions, or feel you need any part of
        this document explained, please email us so we can assist you
[email protected]
Processing of your information
M. MOHSIN Software Solutions relies on a number of legal bases to collect, use, share, and otherwise process the information we
        have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including: Where you have agreed to the processing.
        For example, if you have entered your email upon registering to our online backup service. Please note you can revoke
        this at any time. To fulfill the contract of service between M. MOHSIN Software Solutions and you as a user of the application M. MOHSIN Software Solutions.
        Where necessary to comply with legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims. Where you have
        made the information available public. Why we do this is, first and foremost, in order to provide and improve M. MOHSIN Software Solutions
        services. In addition, it is also to enable us developing tailored offers to you as a user on a continuous basis. As
        well as, in order to keep M. MOHSIN Software Solutions safe and secure, protecting it against fraud, spam and abuse etc.
Information we collect
When you interact with our services, we collect information that, alone or in combination with other information, could
        be used to identify you. When you sign up for or use the Services, you voluntarily give us certain Personal Data, such
        as your email address. If you register for an account through your social media account (including Facebook and Google
        Sign-in), you may see which of your friends are using the Services. The information we get from these accounts depends
        on your settings and the privacy policies of the social media platforms, so please check those policies to understand
        the privacy practices of those platforms.
Sharing of information
We may share non-personal information that is aggregated or de-identified so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify
        an individual. We may disclose such information publicly and to third parties. Only information needed to perform these
        specific actions will be shared with third-party services, nothing more. We will never share more information than necessary.
        Service and Hosting Providers M. MOHSIN Software Solutions may share your personally identifiable information with third parties
        (like hosting and market analytics) for the purpose of providing services to you. If we do this, such third parties’
        use of your information will be bound by restrictions consistent with this Privacy Policy. Publicly available Information
        This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any information you post to the public areas of the Services. Comments posted
        to public areas may be viewed, accessed, and used by third parties subject to those parties’ privacy practices and policies.
        Legal requirements We may preserve or disclose information about you to comply with a law, regulation, legal process,
        or governmental request; to assert legal rights or defend against legal claims; or to prevent, detect, or investigate
        illegal activity, fraud, abuse, violations of our terms, or threats to the security of the Services or the physical safety
        of any person. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership,
        sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of a service to another provider, your Personal Data and other
        information may be transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction. But all of this will be managed
        in correspondence to this privacy policy.
Information Security
Pursuant to applicable Data Privacy laws and regulation, M. MOHSIN Software Solutions maintains a reasonable technical and organizational
        measures to protect information against accidental or unlawful destructions, or loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure
        or access. We work hard to keep your data safe. We use a combination of technical, administrative, and physical controls
        to maintain the security of your data. This includes using Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) to encrypt our Services.
Data Retention
We keep your account information, such as your email address, and password, for as long as your account is in existence
        because we need it to operate your account. We keep other information, like your activity data, until you use your tools
        to delete the data or contact us for a full erasure, because we use this data to provide you with your personal statistics
        and other aspects of the Services. We also keep information about you and your use of the Services for as long as necessary
        for our legitimate business interests, for legal reasons, and to prevent harm. If you wish to cancel your account or
        request that we no longer use your personal information to provide you the Service, you may delete your account by sending
        a request to delete your account to
[email protected]
We may also delete your account if it has been inactive
        for a certain amount of time. Preceding the delete request it may take up to 30 days to fully delete your personal information
        from our systems. Information about you that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide our services may be de-identified
        and aggregated with other non-personal data to provide insights, such as statistics of the use of M. MOHSIN Software Solutions.
Our Policies for Children
We appreciate the importance of taking additional measures to protect children’s privacy. M. MOHSIN Software Solutions does not
        knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16. If you have reason to believe that a child under the
        age of 16 has provided Personal Data to M. MOHSIN Software Solutions through the Services please contact us and we will endeavour
        to delete that information from our databases.
Changes to this privacy policy
M. MOHSIN Software Solutions reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will inform you of any changes
        by posting the updated Privacy Policy through the mobile applications. If we make any material changes to our Privacy
        Policy, we will post a notification through the mobile applications and/or by asking you to review the changes to the
        Privacy Policy the next time you access the Services. Your continued use of the Services after the changes are made will
        indicate your consent to our use of your information consistent with this Privacy Policy, including those changes.