Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
MindMatters
built
our suite of Mental Health apps including Depression, Anxiety, Bipolar, ADHD, OCD, BPD, and PTSD tests and CBT Self-Care Journal
as free apps. Th
ese
SERVICE
s are
provided at no cost and
are
intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding
our
policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use
our
Services.
If you choose to use
our
Services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that
we
collect is used for providing and improving the Services.
we
will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
The app does not require you to provide us with personally identifiable information (PII).
The app does not use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
We may, from time to time, collect selective usage information that is not personally identifiable to improve the quality of the service provided by our apps. Such data is never used for any purposes other than enhancing the quality of the app and is never shared with any 3rd party.
Log Data
We
want to inform you that whenever you use
our
Services, in a case of an error in the app
we
collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing
our
Services, the time and date of your use of the Services, and other statistics.
Links to Other Sites
Th
ese
Services may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by
MindMatters
. Therefore,
we
strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
We
have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We
may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
We
will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about
our
Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
us
at
info
@
mind-matters
.co
.
Terms of Use
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By clicking "accept", you agree to its use of cookies.
Cookie Policy
Reject
Accept