Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart?
If you delete this item, then the bundle with the grill and the BBQ Kitchen will be deleted. Do you want to proceed?
Are you sure you want to remove the following coupon from the cart?
Privacy and Cookies Policy
PRIVACY AND COOKIES POLICY
Updated: August 20, 2024
Weber-Stephen Products LLC and its worldwide subsidiaries and affiliates value customers and respect their privacy. This Privacy and Cookies Policy (
"Policy"
) describes Weber-Stephen Products LLC's and its applicable worldwide subsidiaries (collectively,
"Weber"
) collection, processing and use of customer, mobile application user, and website visitor information (collectively,
"personal information"
or
"data"
) when you interact with or use Consumer Care, promotions, mobile applications and websites (collectively,
"Applications"
). By using our Applications, or by choosing to submit personal information to Weber, you signify your consent to all of the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, please do not use the Applications or submit any personal information to Weber.
1. General
Weber wants you to have a positive user
experience
when you use the Applications.
We also want you to be confident that your data is being handled securely and to give you a channel to initiate of privacy-related inquiries and requests.
A. Data Privacy Rights and Inquiries
United States consumers have the ability to request information or to make inquiries from Weber regarding use of your data by visiting our
data access ticket system
.
The data access ticket system is operated by a reputable third party. Only Weber representatives will respond to and address your inquiry, but the third party operating the system will collect information including IP address, information collected by cookies, log information, referring website, and information you provide in submitting your request to Weber, such as your first and last name, email, country and details of your request. You may also email
privacy.americas@weberstephen.com
for data access inquiries and requests.
Where required by applicable law, you have a right to request access to your personal information, to request a correction to it if you believe it is inaccurate, or exercise other rights to your personal information. If you have submitted personal information to Weber and would like to exercise such rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below. We may require you to verify your identity before we provide you with access to your information. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your requests; however, in some cases we may not be able to allow you to access certain personal information (for example if it contains personal information of other persons or for legal reasons). In such cases, we will provide you with a reasonable explanation of why it is not possible to grant access to your personal information.
B. Data security
Weber implements reasonable technical and organizational security measures, including physical, organizational and technological protection, (such as the use of SSL encryption for certain components of the Applications) to help protect accruing or collected personal information against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or attacks by unauthorized persons. Our security measures are continuously being improved as new technologies become available and following our regular review of our current data security, access and protection practices. Personal information may be accessed by persons within our organization, or our third party service providers, who require such access to carry out the purposes indicated above, or such other purposes as may be permitted or required by the applicable law.
Although we have taken measures to help protect our Applications, computer systems and any personal information that we have collected from unauthorized use, access, disclosure, misuse, alteration or destruction, no security measures can provide absolute protection. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
C. Cross-Border Data Transfer
Some or all of the personal information we collect may be stored or processed on servers located outside your jurisdiction of residence, whose data protection laws may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live.
D. Children
We note that the Applications are intended for a general audience and are not directed to children. If a child has provided us with personal information, his or her parent or guardian may contact us for the purpose of deleting this information. Weber will take the appropriate steps to delete this personal information.
2. Collection and Use of Data
Part of providing an excellent user
experience
includes ensuring that the Applications work properly and that we are best able to provide you a positive experience. In this Section we describe which data we collect while you are using the Applications. We also describe the purposes for which your data is used, including maintenance of your Weber-ID Account, to provide consistent and uninterrupted
support
you need to confidently use our products (including necessary
safety and maintenance
information regarding our products), and to ensure trouble-free use of the Applications.
Please note that data collected under this Policy is stored in the cloud for access by and across Applications for future uses, and may be combined with data from other Application sources or publicly available data for analytics and other purposes described in this Policy.
A. Information Generally Collected and Used for the Applications
i. Usage data
To ensure trouble-free use of the Applications, we need to collect and process the following personal information:
General
City, State and/or Country
Language
Consent, where applicable (eg: marketing opt-in).
Mobile operating system
Unique device ID
IP address
Mobile App or web browser version
Session data (time, temperature, type of meat)
Optional: Marketing data (opt-in, if selected by user)
E-mail address
Name
The aforementioned data may be used for identifying the respective user while he is using the Applications and for analytics purposes as described below.
ii. Location data
In addition to collection of location data for analytics purposes and for support services as described below, for certain Mobile Applications a Bluetooth connection is required to connect to the applicable Weber device. Please note that under certain versions of e.g. Android OS, location data is also processed necessarily when Bluetooth is activated. For this the publisher of your operating system is controller. If desired, you can deactivate the transfer of your location via the settings of your operating system.
iii. Analytics
The Applications use analytics tools, which collect and transmit anonymous data of the user's behavior, such as location, smart device, mobile operation system, app usage information and device type (if applicable) for the purpose of analysis and improvement of the Applications. For certain mobile applications, you can deactivate collection of data for analytics purposes by turning off the Analytics switch. You may also review your options regarding choice in analytics in the Cookies section below.
We may also combine certain usage information from a particular Application, browser, computer or mobile device with another Application, browser, computer or device that may be linked to you (cross-device tracking) in order to optimize our services and provide tailored communications and advertisements to you. Regarding your consent to receive marketing communications, if you do not want to receive these tailored communications, please unsubscribe from Weber communications as detailed below.
You may adjust your options regarding certain analytics in the mobile Applications in the Settings of the mobile Application. You may adjust your options with regard to certain analytics on our website as described in the Cookies section below.
iv. Services and Maintenance; Compliance.
Weber may use your data and information (identifiable and non-identifiable) in order to ensure effective service and Application delivery, to improve the delivery of services and Applications to you, to ensure accuracy of data, or otherwise to perform maintenance or upgrades of Weber's Applications, systems and services, including through use of reputable third-party service providers.
v. Support
For any inquiries made, we need your name and e-mail address to process and assign your request sent via our online contact form or over the phone. Consumer Care department (or other applicable department as relevant under the circumstances) of Weber-Stephen Products LLC, are responsible for general contact inquiries.  Please note that while the Consumer Care department is based in the United States, a portion of support requests are handled by a reputable third party as needed, which may or may not be located in the United States.  We may also offer certain optional support services, such as text message and chat services which are facilitated by third parties. Such services may be subject to the privacy policy and other data processing standards of such third party.
We may use your information to contact you or otherwise communicate with you as necessary in order to provide you with safety and maintenance information in relation to a consumer care request you may have (or a product you registered), to provide information regarding product software and functionality updates, or in the unlikely event of a recall, and to analyze information relating to your inquiry or request to further develop our processes and ensure the best possible service to our customers.
B. Information Specific to Weber-ID account
The Weber-ID features a central customer account where all your data is collected in one place in order to constantly improve your experience of the Weber world and to tailor it to your specific interests. You may create a Weber-ID Account free of charge within many of our Applications.
Creation of a Weber-ID account may be required in order to register your Weber product for warranty purposes or to opt-in to receive marketing emails, but you can always request deletion of personal information collected about you as described in this Policy.
When you create a Weber-ID account, we may collect the following information:
First Name
Last Name
Email address
Password
Physical Address
Orders and cart
Saved products
Email list status
Registered products
Consumer care claim information
If provided by you:
Date of birth
Children
Household size
Interests
Favorite grill categories
Favorite recipes
The Weber-ID offers additional features as a centralized user account on the Applications.
This will give you access to exclusive contents of the web page (recipes, tips and tricks, etc.), you can register your grill/grills, receive all important information (warranty periods, operating instructions, etc.) and have central access to all data and services Weber has to offer you. You can also easily log into our shop at any time to check your order status or place additional orders without having to register again.
If you wish to delete information associated with your Weber-ID, please contact us at
privacy.americas@weberstephen.com
or visit our
data access ticket system
. Please note that certain information associated with your Weber-ID may be retained by Weber for recordkeeping, service or warranty purposes.
C. Information specific to Mobile Applications
To use a Weber mobile application or to connect your phone or other device to your iGrill, Weber Connect - capable device or grill or other Weber connected devices via Bluetooth, it is not required to create a Weber-ID account. However, many features of these applications are only available to registered users. Please find below some information on the data processes for both registered (Weber-ID) and non-registered users.
With regard to your use of Weber's mobile applications, if you do not log in or create a Weber-ID, the mobile application creates a random anonymous identification ("Random ID") which is transferred to the cloud, where the following data may be stored for the user under the Random ID:
Target Temperature
Cavity Index and Cavity Temp
Probe Index and Probe Temp
Preset Category
Preset Sub Category
Doneness
Cook Mode
Start Date
End Date
Session Name/Consumer Login Name
Program ID, Plan ID and Prompt ID
Boot Count and Time Since Boot
Timestamp
Graph Data (temperate point for each second of the session collected from Device)
Product Model
Device or Hardware ID
Cook Session ID
Firmware Version
Probe Placement
Timer Information and Duration
Recipes and "Favorites"
Grocery List
Grilling guides
Product Setup Information
Product Registration Information
Notes
Notifications
Model and/or serial number of any paired grill device
Please note that in the event you later create a Weber-ID, or if you have a Weber-ID account that you created outside of the mobile Applications this anonymous data will become associated with your Weber-ID, and past and future collected data described in this Policy will no longer be anonymized.  Weber uses certain reputable tools to analyze, identify and report bugs and other errors in mobile Applications. Whenever an error occurs in a mobile Application, we receive technical data from the mobile Application, to analyze the cause of the error which enables us to further improve the mobile Application for all users. You may also have the option to provide additional information in order to submit a detailed bug report at your option.
D. Information Specific to the Website.
The specific scope and mode of collection and use of your data depends on whether you are just visiting our website (e.g. for viewing the products we offer) or whether you are actually using specific services (e.g. if you order products).
i. For Browsing the Website
If you use the Weber website for browsing only, generally you are not required to provide any personal information (though certain aspects of the site may utilize such information if available). In this case (and apart from these other aspects of the site as described in this Policy), we collect and use those of your data which your Internet browser transmits to us automatically, such as:
Date and time of the visit of any of our websites
Type of your browser
Browser settings
The operating system you use
The website last visited by you
The data volume transmitted and the access status (file transmitted, file not found etc.) and
Your IP address.
If you visit a Weber website for browsing only (and have not created a Weber-ID or otherwise provided Weber with more specific information), we collect and use this data in non-personal form. This is done to generally enable the use of the websites you visit as well as for statistical purposes and for improving our web presence and the services we provide there.
ii. Use of Specific Services / Shopping at a Weber Website / Marketing
We will collect personal information if you voluntarily disclose such data to us when you shop or purchase products on the Website, when interacting with our Consumer Care team through email, phone, or via online or telephonic text message/chats (whether you are interacting directly with our Consumer Care team, utilizing interactive voice response, or utilizing optional third party chat bot service that may be made available to you), for the purposes of receiving marketing communications, or when opening a customer account. Please note that your interactions with any of these methods may be recorded and/or transcribed through automated means, for quality assurance purposes. We use the collected data to perform the services you request and send you related transaction communications, and to provide you with relevant marketing to the extent we have obtained your consent to do so.
Please note that we may use information provided when you purchase a registrable product for yourself in order to automatically register your product for warranty purposes.
3. Use of Data for Advertising Purposes
Weber wants to make sure you are up to date and involved on our newest
Innovations
, including products, technologies and other offerings. With this in mind, in this Section of the Policy, we discuss our use of your data for advertising and consumer insights and research purposes.
A. Generally
In addition to performing services for you as part of the Applications, we are eager to provide an Internet and mobile presence that is specific to your interests and may provide certain marketing or advertising information to you as provided for in this Section. In addition, if you opt in to participate within the Applications, device settings or through other channels, we will provide you from time to time with such news and information about Weber or the products we offer by mail, email (through our email list), Internet websites, text message, and push notifications that might be of interest to you (including through our analysis of your data, as detailed above). Please note that the operating system on your mobile device may default to activating push notifications. The emails are facilitated by a respected third party, in which case the email addresses of recipients of the Weber emails will be stored on servers of such provider. The provider uses this data to send and analyze the emails on behalf of Weber. Examples of topics referenced in such emails include browsing/shopping related emails (which are not otherwise transaction-related), content specific to products you purchase or register, grilling tips and recipes, sales, offers and promotions, market research and feedback, and product suggestions/new product information.
Please note that with regard to push notifications, when you do activate them you thereby consent into us sending you these marketing related notifications. You can deactivate the service at any time in the Mobile App's, or your mobile device's, settings.
To the extent we have obtained your permission to do so and in accordance with applicable law, we may share your personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes, which are subject to the separate privacy policies of such third parties.
Weber may contact you from time to time through certain reputable third party firms for market research purposes, to the extent you have provided your consent for us to do so. Participation in any such activities by you is strictly voluntary and you can always opt out of these communications, as further detailed below.
To opt out:
Regarding commercial communications you have opted in to receive, you can revoke your consent to receive such commercial communications at any time by clicking on the appropriate link contained in any such email communication. Your opt-out does not apply to communications relating to Applications information (including policy updates), Legal Notice, Weber-ID, purchases, Consumer Care matters, or automatically generated non-commercial messages (confirmation emails, order receipts, etc.). To the extent you have provided consent to receive text messages or push notifications, you can opt-out of such messages by following the instructions in the communication, replying back, or visiting the settings on your mobile device.
You may also opt out with the following mechanisms:
Opening a ticket with our data access ticket system.
Enable Global Opt-out Preference Signals on applicable browsers to signal to websites you visit of your preference to opt out of sale and sharing of certain Personal Information
Adjust your cookie preferences in the Cookie Preference Center by clicking
Cookies Settings
(to complete a self service "do not share" rights request) as described in Section 4 ("Cookies") of the
Privacy and Cookies Policy
.
Emailing
privacy.americas@weberstephen.com
Calling us at
(855) 924-1115
B. Social Media and Online Platforms
When you use the Applications, please note that we may share your hashed email addresses, as well as other pseudonymous identifiers and data about your use of the Applications and your device if applicable, with Facebook and other social media networks, as well as other online platforms and related reputable service providers, in order to utilize services which may include but are not limited to Facebook's Custom Audience and pixel services.
Otherwise, only after you have actively clicked the applicable link yourself, your Internet browser will establish a connection to the servers of the relevant social network; therefore, by clicking the appropriate button (e.g. "Like"), you give your consent to your Internet browser establishing a connection to the servers of the relevant social network and transmitting data relating to the use of the website to the relevant social network provider.
Once engaged with the relevant social media website, your use and browsing will be governed by the data protection statements/privacy policies of the relevant providers.
4. Cookies
In accordance with applicable law, we use, and allow certain third parties to use, various technologies to collect, store, and process information, including cookies, pixel tags, databases, and similar tracking technologies (collectively, "cookies") on our Applications. Cookies are small text files which our web server sends to your browser while you are visiting an Application; your browser stores the cookies on your device for subsequent retrieval. Use of these technologies helps us to provide you with a positive
experience
with relevant content that may be tailored to your interests.
You may adjust your preference regarding use of cookies on the Website as described in the following section by clicking
Cookies Settings
. However, please note that certain preferences indicated by you may have an impact on the functionality of the website.
A. Session Cookies
We may use "session cookies" (also called temporary cookies), i.e. cookies which are stored for the time while you are using for certain aspects of using the Applications. The purpose of these cookies is to display online content within our mobile apps, or identify your device while you are using a Weber website, even while changing from one of our websites to another, and to determine the end of your visit to one of our Websites.
The cookies are deleted as soon as you have closed your browser or mobile app session.
B. Tracking and Targeting Cookies
On the Applications we also use tracking and targeting cookies that monitor the user's behavior. For that purpose we use so-called First-Party cookies, which are not made available by your browser to other domains than the Website.
These cookies are used for the following services:
Page view/Page impression - this analyzes how often the website is visited
Clickstream or Clickpath analysis - the movement of the user on the website is tracked (e.g. on which way did the user come to a certain product)
Ad Impressions and Click Through - this analyzes how often an advertisement banner is shown and clicked
Mouse movement and Heatmaps - this analyzes the mouse movement of the user and tracks where a particular high occurrence took place
In addition to indicating your preferences in the cookie preference center, to exercise choices with regard to certain cookies (e.g., disable, delete), you can review your Internet browser settings, typically under the "Help" or "Internet Options" sections. Please note that our Applications rely on some cookies to function properly. If you disable or delete certain cookies in your Internet browser settings, you might not be able to access or use important features or functions of the Applications, and you may be required to re-enter your login details.
To learn more about the use of cookies for Google analytics and to exercise choice regarding such cookies, please visit:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
To learn more about certain cookies used for interest-based advertising, including through cross-device tracking, and to exercise choices regarding such cookies, please visit the following websites (or your device settings for mobile applications):
Digital Advertising Alliance (
http://optout.aboutads.info/
)
Network Advertising Initiative (
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
)
EU Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
)
Digital Advertising Alliance-Canada (
http://youradchoices.ca/choices/
)
You can also read further about how the Website uses third party cookies and how you can control their use when you visit the Website in the next section.
C. Third Party Cookies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies (alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies) to collect information about you when you use our Website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. To opt out of the use of third-party cookies, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Preference Center by clicking
Cookies Settings
.
5. How Your Person Information is Disclosed, Sold, or Shared
Here at Weber, we are experts at grilling but may need the assistance of third party service providers for tasks such as shipping, credit card processing, cloud storage and support services. In this Section we describe the ways in which we share your information to provide you with a positive user
experience
and effective
support
.
A. Disclosures
Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
We may disclose the information you provide to us online with our global subsidiaries and affiliates but will not use your information other than as described in this Policy.
Consumer Tools
When you use an Application, you may have the ability to utilize certain tools operated by reputable third parties.  On our website, you may have access to utilize a third -party tool that allows you to check local pricing and availability of our products via tools operated by reputable third parties.  This application may base information presented to you on your browser's settings.  Otherwise, you may manually type in your location information to use this application.  You may also have the opportunity to use certain tools and functions as part of your Weber product assembly, product registration or maintenance process which are operated by reputable third parties.  The third party providing these tools and offerings may collect information regarding your use of the tool, such as your internet service provider, IP address, date and time of access, pages accessed, information collected by cookies, web beacon information, limited location data and referring website.
Compliance with Law/Investigations.
We may also use, or disclose your personal information to third parties, if we have reason to believe that using or disclosing such information is necessary to: (a) conduct investigations of possible breaches of law; (b) identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating an agreement they have with us; (c) investigate security breaches or cooperate with government authorities pursuant to a legal matter; (d) to protect our rights, safety or property; or (e) comply with and enforce our legal obligations and legal rights. Lastly, we may disclose your personal information for any other purpose to which you consent.
Service Providers
Your data for the relevant service may be disclosed to reputable service providers working with Weber and its consumers on transaction-related services (eg: shipping companies/shipment tracking services and payment and financing services providers, or Customer Service/Online Consumer Care live chat, email or phone communication and text message-related service providers).  These include but are not limited to Weber's fraud detection provider, Forter.  Services provided by Forter are subject to Forter's privacy policy at
http://www.forter.com/forter-privacy-policy/
.
We
may also
disclose your personal information to external entities to perform security, systems and data maintenance, data storage, data processing, analytics, consumer care and other services for us and in order to provide you the best support possible, which may be described in greater detail in this Policy. In such cases, we establish by contract that these entities may access your personal information only for the purposes of performing those services.  Also, we reserve the right to transfer any personal information we have about you in the event that we merge with or are acquired by a third party or should any such transaction be proposed.
B. Sale or Sharing
Targeted Advertising
As described in the Advertising section of this Policy, Weber may provide your information to certain reputable third parties for purposes of advertising, including consumer emails, research and other advertising purposes described in this Policy.
6. Third Party Websites and Tools
The Applications may contain links to other third party websites, or feature tools and services that are operated by third parties as described in this Policy. These other websites and providers may have their own privacy policies and terms and conditions that are not governed by this Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any website(s) owned and operated by any such third parties. Other websites may collect and treat information collected differently, so we encourage you to carefully read and review the privacy policy for each website you visit. Any links from this Applications to other websites, or references to products, services or publications other than those of Weber, do not imply the endorsement or approval of such websites, products, services or publications by Weber.
7. State-Specific Requirements.
If you are a California resident, please click
here
for additional information regarding rights you may have pursuant to applicable law.
If you are a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia provide (now or in the future) please click
here
for additional information regarding rights you may have pursuant to applicable law.
The exact scope of these rights may vary by state. To exercise any of these rights please visit the
data access ticket system
to make an access or opt-out request in accordance with local law. To appeal a decision regarding a consumer rights request please send an email with subject line "Appeal Request" to
privacy.americas@weberstephen.com
including a detailed description of your appeal request. Nevada provides its residents with a limited right to opt out of certain personal information sales. Residents who wish to exercise this sale opt-out right may submit a request by visiting the data access ticket system to make your request. However, please note Weber does not currently sell data triggering Nevada statute's opt-out requirements.
8. Changes to This Policy.
Please note that this Policy may be updated from time to time due to technical updates and appropriate implementation of new technologies and/or due to changes of the law.
If we make any material changes to this Policy we will notify you prior to the change becoming effective, and obtain your consent to the changes when required by applicable law.
9. Questions and Legal Notice
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Policy, please send an email to
privacy.americas@weberstephen.com
or write to Weber-Stephen Products LLC, attn.: Privacy, 1415 S. Roselle Rd., Palatine, IL 60067, USA.,
Your use of the Site may be governed by other Weber policies, including the Legal Notice, which includes additional terms addressing your use of the Applications.  Please review the Legal Notice at
https://www.weber.com/US/en/legalnotice.html
Country Redirect
We Use Cookies and Related Technology
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience, analyze site usage and support marketing initiatives. By clicking "Accept All Cookies" or continuing to use this site, you consent to this use of cookies.
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Cookies Settings
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information about your privacy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Welcome to Weber United States
It looks like you are located in another country, please click the red button below to go to that country website or close this window to stay here.
Your Location
Go to weber.com/international
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.forter.com/forter-privacy-policy/:
404
Page not found! 😞..
Sorry, but the page you were looking for could not be found.
back to home
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label