Privacy Statement
Security Statement
Privacy Statement
eIPO Important Notices
Security Statement
Privacy Statement
eIPO Important Notices
Security And Privacy
Privacy Statement
To provide you with products/services, we need your personal data. When you provide us with your personal data, we will do our utmost to protect the privacy of your data, and we would like you to be aware of the following:
Why Do We Need Your Personal Data?
We need your personal data:
For identification purpose, and to authenticate communications with, and instructions received from, you;
To fulfil legal and regulatory requirements obligations;
For assessing your suitability with our products/services offered;
For analysis and marketing purposes, so that we can develop and offer better products/services;
To facilitate our operations, and for processing your transactions, and instructions.
What Types Of Personal Data Do We Collect About You?
We will collect data that will enable us to:
Identify you (e.g. name, identification numbers, DOB);
Keep in contact with you (e.g. address, phone/mobile numbers);
Assess your profile (e.g. employment details);
Fulfill our legal and regulatory obligations; e.g. reporting obligations;
Record details of your transactions/communications with us; e.g. voice/video recordings, biometric data, data from the internet and mobile applications.
With Whom Do We Share Your Data?
Subject to compliance with legal and regulatory obligations, your personal data will be shared:
within the Maybank Group of companies;
with law enforcement agencies and regulatory bodies, with whom we are obliged to do so under certain circumstances;
when doing so is necessary to protect your interests and when obtaining your consent prior to doing so is not practicable;
with third parties with whom we have contracted with to provide certain services. These third parties are required to observe the same privacy standards that we have; and
with parties with whom we have obtained your consent to share.
While we may share your data within the Maybank Group of companies and with certain strategic partners for the purpose of introducing products and services which we believe may be beneficial to you, we will not contact you for direct marketing purposes unless you have expressed your consent for us to do so. We also wish to assure you that we will not sell your personal data to any third party.
Where Do We Collect Your Data From?
Your personal data with us is obtained from various sources. This includes:
information provided by you or sources authorised by you;
information obtained from legally and publicly available sources;
information released to us by the authorities;
biometrics, digital footprints, geolocations, video images and voice recordings obtained during your interaction with us, whether physically or through digital channels.
How Do We Safeguard Your Personal Data?
We will do our utmost to protect the privacy of your data, be it in physical or digital form. This includes having in place procedures and security measures that meet international best practices. These measures are regularly reviewed to ensure that they are effective and adequate. All our staff members and authorized third parties will be required to comply with these measures and practices.
What Are Your Rights, As The Provider Of Your Data To Us?
You have the rights to request access to the personal data that you have provided to us. However, there may be a cost involved, depending on the nature of the data requested.
You also have the rights to withdraw your consent for us to process the personal data provided by you. However, the withdrawal of your consent may affect the products/services that we can extend to you.
You may also change or correct the personal data that you have provided to us. Please contact us if there are changes to your personal data, or if you believe that the personal data we have about you is inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or outdated.
You can contact us by visiting any of our branches or call our Customer Care Hotline at 1-300-88-6688 or +603-784-3696 if you are overseas.
Updates To This Privacy Statement
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. Please periodically review this Privacy Statement to stay informed on how we are protecting your information.
We provide the Privacy Statement in both English and Bahasa Malaysia. In case of any inconsistency between these two, the English version shall prevail. In case there are inconsistencies on how we collect or use your personal data between this Privacy Statement and the terms and conditions of your specific product or service or other contractual documents, the terms and conditions of your specific product or service or other contractual documents shall prevail.
This Privacy Statement was last updated in February 2025.
Click for
Privacy Statement (
EN
|
BM
)
Click here
for
PDPA Form (Individual)
Click here
for
PDPA Certificates of Registration (Maybank)
Click here
for
PDPA Certificates of Registration (Maybank Islamic)
Click here
for
PDPA Certificates of Registration (Maybank Investment)