Privacy Policy
Last Updated on March 3rd, 2023
GopGop Apps (“bsrykt”, “us”, “we” or “our”) operates the website and the "Reports+" mobile application (“Service”, “App”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of
								personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to
							the collection and use of information in
							 relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving
							 the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
							 in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms of Service
.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to the IP address of your mobile device, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, your geographic position and diagnostic data (“Usage Data”). The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The App does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Third party service providers collect data of App users via identifiers for mobile devices (Identifier for Advertisers or IDFA), cookies and similar technologies. In order to understand how they collect and process your data consult their privacy policy.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the App:
— Google Ads
— Firebase Analytics
— Crashlytics
— RevenueCat
— Amplitude
— Branch
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we do not request any personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”) directly. However we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information when you decide to send us your feedback or bug report. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: email address, first name and last name, app version and language
Usage Data
When you access the Service through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not
							limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device,
							your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, your geographic position, unique device identifiers
							and other diagnostic data (“Usage Data”).
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information
							(through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device
							Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service,
							the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Cookies are
							files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website
							and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to
							improve and analyze our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
— To facilitate our Service
— To provide the Service on our behalf
— To perform Service-related services
— To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to
							 perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially
							acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or
							method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Third Party Links and Content
This Service contains links to third party sites, information and resources (“Third Party Links””) and information provided by
							third parties (“Third Party Content”). We are not responsible for the Third Party Links or Third Party Content, and can not guarantee
							that any Third Party Links or Third Party Content will be uninterrupted, error-free, accurate, complete or current.
Any links to Third Party Content does not represent our endorsement of such Third Party Content. We have no control over
							the Third Party Content, and will not be liable for any loss or damage you suffer or incur when you access or use any
							Third Party Links or Third Party Content.
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Terms of Services and Privacy Policies of these third party services.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information
							from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately
							delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
							information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
							We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately
							after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at policy | at | bsrykt.com