Privacy Policy
TCN Group Pty Ltd (ABN 87 626 501 568) (
TCN
) trading as The Card Network and Card.Gift is the owner, operator and publisher of this website (
Website
). This privacy policy applies to TCN Group Pty Ltd and all related entities (referred to in this policy as "us", "our", "we").
TCN is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Policy, together with our Terms and Conditions of Use and any other documents referred to in them, sets out how and why we collect, manage, use and store personal information.  Personal information is any information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable whether the information or opinion is true or not; and whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information.  By using our Website or mobile applications (
Platform
) or providing your Personal Information to us, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure and storage of your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time by publishing the revised Privacy Policy on our Website.  We encourage you to check this page for the most recent version of the Policy.
What information do we collect from you and why?
We have set out below the information we may collect:
Your contact details such as name, email address, telephone number, delivery address, residential address;
Transaction details including your billing address, transaction pattern and behaviour, payment method, payment amount;
Information to verify you such as your date of birth;
Your marketing and communication preferences;
Comments, images and hashtags you post on our social media posts;
Technical information about your browser and device;
Details of how you use our Websites your browser and device;
Details of how you use our Websites; and
Details of any feedback, query or complaint received from you.
We may use the information set out above for purposes including the following:
to fulfill an order placed by you on the Website or via our social media platforms;
to be able to contact you in case of any queries, delays or issues regarding an order placed by you;
to register your gift card and provide balance updates and to arrange for replacements or refunds;
to sell our products, including through social media platforms;
to send you advertising, marketing or promotional material relating to TCN or its related entities and/or affiliates, including marketing affiliate programs we are a part of where you have provided your consent;
for reward, loyalty or privilege programs, promotional offers and related services;
to invite you to participate in competitions or promotions and for your participation in such competitions or promotions;
to design and conduct surveys or questionnaires for research purposes or to profile our clients and/or create client segmentation, statistical analysis, improving and furthering the provision of our products and services;
to ensure that the content on our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to personalise and customise your experience on our Website;
allowing you to participate in interactive features of our services or Website, when you choose to do so;
to inform our business and marketing strategy;
to provide you with alerts, newsletters, education materials or information that you requested or signed up to;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
for fraud prevention purposes;
to comply with laws and regulations applicable to us or any of our related entities whether in Australia or elsewhere;
for the purpose of legal proceedings, including collective overdue amounts and seeking professional advice;
to research, design and launch services and products;
for invite you to seminars, events and forums; and
for purposes directly related to or incidental to the above.
There may be occasions where we will collect your information for specific purposes which we will disclose to you at the time of collection. If you choose not to provide your personal information, this may limit our ability to contact you or to undertake certain activities for you.
How is information collected and held?
Information is collected from you when you:
subscribe to our Website;
register and use your gift card;
complete forms on our Website;
sign up to our newsletter or marketing materials;
purchase products or services from us;
engage with us on social media;
enter a competition or promotion;
respond to a survey;
request a service from us; or
contact us through the Website, in store, by phone or by email.
Who do we disclose personal information to?
We may disclose your personal information to third parties to fulfill the purposes listed above, for example:
retail partners;
auditors;
contractors;
financial institutions;
logistics and freight providers;
fraud prevention providers;
payment processing services;
website and data hosting services;
other service providers; and
persons to whom we are required to make disclosures under applicable laws and regulations in or outside Australia.
We use Shopify to power our online stores.  You can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy
. We may also share your information with the operators of our social media platforms. We may also disclose your personal information to our related entities due to shared resources, systems, and processes. We will not sell personal information to third parties.  We may also disclose your personal information to third parties if required or authorised by law, or otherwise with your consent. We require all third parties that we disclose your personal information to, to treat your personal information in accordance with the law and in accordance with our instructions and the purpose for which the information was collected from you, or as otherwise authorised by law or consented to by you.
Where we process personal information on behalf of our clients or partners, we process and share your Personal Information with that entity in accordance with its instructions. This may include, for example, to allow our clients to reconcile transactions on any gift cards used by you in accordance with our client’s corporate expenditure policies.  In such cases, the client or partner is the “controller” of your Personal Information and TCN is the “processor” of your Personal Information. When we process Personal Information on behalf of a “controller”, that “controller’s” privacy notice will apply instead of this Privacy Policy. In certain circumstances, TCN may operate a site jointly with another entity and both entities will function as “controllers” of your Personal Information. In those instances, you will see both this Privacy Policy and the other entity’s privacy policy, and both will apply with respect to the activities of each “controller” individually.
Data Transfers
We may hold your personal information on servers in Australia and any other territories as we see fit from time to time.  We may also transfer your data to any people listed at paragraph 3 above, who may be located in or outside of Australia.
How do we protect personal information?
We take reasonable precautions to protect your Personal Information against misuse, interference, and unauthorised disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.  Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.  We recommend that you update your password from time to time and that you do not give your password to anyone. All information is protected via our Information Technology security processes (including firewalls and password-protected servers), secure document storage and confidentiality agreements.  All data captured via the Website is securely stored and is transmitted via Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology.  This encryption protocol automatically scrambles information such as credit card, billing and address details so that generally, unauthorised recipients are unable to decipher the information, ensuring privacy and security. While we take all reasonable steps to protect personal information, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to or via our Website, any transmission is at your own risk. We exclude all liability for the consequences of any unauthorised access, use or disclosure of personal information to the maximum extent permitted under law.
How can you access, update, correct, object to use of, or seek deletion of your personal information?
Should you wish to access, review or make any corrections or updates to your personal information held by us, you can do so at any time by visiting your Account via our Website. You can also contact us via the details on the “Contact Us” below for these purposes. You can object to the processing of your personal information or request the restriction of processing your personal information under certain circumstances.  To do this, please contact us via the details at “Contact Us” below. You may unsubscribe from receiving electronic communications at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link within an email you have received from us, or by contacting us directly via the “Contact Us” details below. You can request the deletion or removal of your personal information in certain circumstances.  If requested by you to do so, we will delete your personal information to the maximum extent technically practical.  Please contact us via the details at “Contact Us” below should you wish to request deletion of your personal information that we hold. We may need to request information from you as a security measure to confirm your identity before acting on any requests to deal with your personal information in any of the ways mentioned above.  There will not usually be any cost associated with a request under this section, however if your request is repetitive or excessive, we may charge a reasonable fee for handling such a request.
How long do we keep your personal information?
We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as needed to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purpose of fulfilling any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. We may anonymise your personal information so that we can use it for analytical purposes without being able to identify you.
Third party links
Where third party links are included on the Website, please be aware this policy does not apply to any third party websites and we do not control these sites.  If you visit any third party sites we recommend you familiarise yourself with the applicable privacy policy.
Cookies
Our Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Website and also allows us to improve our Website. By continuing to browse the Website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. We use the following cookies: Strictly necessary cookies - these are cookies that are required for the operation of our Website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services. Third party cookies - third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies. Third party analytics - we may use third-party web analytic services on the Website. The service providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to help us analyse how visitors use the Website. The information collected through these means (including IP address) is disclosed to these service providers, who use the information to evaluate use of the website. These analytic services may use the data collected to contextualise and personalise the marketing materials of their own advertising network.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (
Google
). Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics is in accordance with its policies:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
You can prevent Google’s collection and processing of data by using the Google Ads Settings page or downloading and installing their browser plug-in (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Children
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children.  Children under the age of 15 are prohibited from using the Website.  We will not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 15, or knowingly send any information to children under 15.  If a child wishes to use the Website or make a purchase on the Website, this must be under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who will be responsible for the use of the Website by the child and will be responsible for any financial liability as a result of such use or orders being placed. If you become aware that information from a child under the age of 15 has been disclosed to us, please notify us at the “Contact Us” details below so that we can remove and delete that information.
How do you make a complaint?
If you have any concerns about the way in which your personal information has been collected, held, used or disclosed by us, you may contact us at the details in the Contact Us section below.  We will review your query or complaint, investigate, and provide you with our response as soon as practical.  We will endeavour to deal with all queries or complaints within 30 days. Alternatively, or in addition, you can contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner – see information at
https://oaic.gov.au
or the regulator in your country of residence.
Contact Us
Should you wish to contact us for any reason regarding personal information or this policy, you can contact us by email at
info@thecardnetwork.com.au
or
support@card.gift
.
Last updated 6 April 2023
Explore Other Cards
The Active Card
The Baby Card
The Kids Card
The Her Card
The Him Card
The Home Card
‹
›