Privacy Policy
In order to comply with Article 10 of Law 34/2002 on Services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce, we inform the user of our data:
Business Name: STUDENTFY SL
Commercial Name: STUDENTFY
Registered Office: CARRER D’ORISTA, 165 – 08033 – BARCELONA – BARCELONA
CIF / NIF: B16745317
Phone: +34 611458721
E-mail: hola@studentfy.com
Website: www.studentfy.com
Object
The provider, responsible for the website, makes available to users this document with which it intends to comply with the obligations set forth in Law 34/2002, on Services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce (LSSI-CE ), as well as informing all users of the website about which are the conditions of use of the website..
Any person accessing this website assumes the role of user, committing to the observance and strict compliance with the provisions set forth herein, as well as any other legal provision that may be applicable.
The provider reserves the right to modify any type of information that may appear on the website, without there being any obligation to pre-advise or inform the users of said obligations, being understood as sufficient with the publication on the website of the provider.
Responsibility
The provider is exempt from any type of liability arising from the information published on its website, provided that this information has been manipulated or introduced by a third party.
The provider’s website may use cookies (small information files that the server sends to the computer of the person accessing the page) to carry out certain functions that are considered essential for the proper functioning and visualization of the site. The cookies used on the website are, in any case, temporary in nature with the sole purpose of making their subsequent transmission more efficient and disappear when the user’s session ends. Under no circumstances will cookies be used to collect personal information.
From the client’s website it is possible that it is redirected to content from third-party websites. Since the provider cannot always control the contents introduced by third parties on their websites, it does not assume any responsibility for such content. In any case, the provider states that it will proceed to the immediate withdrawal of any content that may contravene national or international legislation, morals or public order, proceeding to the immediate withdrawal of the redirection to said website, informing the competent authorities the content in question.
The provider is not responsible for the information and stored content, by way of example but not limited to forums, chats, blog generators, comments, social networks or any other means that allows third parties to publish content independently on the website of the provider. Notwithstanding and in compliance with the provisions of article 11 and 16 of the LSSI-CE, the provider is available to all users, authorities and security forces, and actively collaborating in the withdrawal or blocking of any content that could affect or contravene the legislation national, or international, rights of third parties or morality and public order. In the event that the user considers that there is any content on the website that could be susceptible to this classification, please notify the website administrator immediately.
This website has been reviewed and tested to work properly. In principle, the correct operation can be guaranteed 365 days a year, 24 hours a day. However, the provider does not rule out the possibility of certain programming errors, or that occur causes of force majeure, natural disasters, strikes, or similar circumstances that make it impossible to access the website.
Intellectual and industrial property
The website, including but not limited to its programming, editing, compilation and other elements necessary for its operation, the designs, logos, text and / or graphics are the property of the provider or, if applicable, have a license or express authorization by the authors. All the contents of the website are duly protected by the rules of intellectual and industrial property, as well as registered in the corresponding public registers.
Regardless of the purpose for which they were intended, the total or partial reproduction, use, exploitation, distribution and marketing, requires in all cases prior written authorization by the provider. Any use not previously authorized by the provider will be considered a serious breach of the intellectual or industrial property rights of the author.
The designs, logos, text and / or graphics outside the provider and that may appear on the website belong to their respective owners, who are themselves responsible for any possible controversy that may arise with respect to them. In any case, the provider has express and prior authorization from them.
The provider vehemently DOES UNAUTHORIZES that third parties can redirect to the specific contents of the website instead of redirecting to the main website of the provider.
The lender acknowledges in favor of its owners the corresponding rights of industrial and intellectual property, not implying their mere mention or appearance on the website the existence of rights or any responsibility of the provider over them, as well as endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by the party itself.
To make any kind of observation regarding possible breaches of intellectual or industrial property rights, as well as any of the contents of the website, you can do so through the following email.
hola@studentfy.com
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
For the resolution of all disputes or issues related to this website or the activities developed therein, Spanish legislation will apply, to which the parties expressly submit, being competent to resolve all disputes arising or related to their use the Courts and Tribunals of BARCELONA.
1.1. Applicable regulations
Our Privacy Policy has been designed in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council, of April 27, 2016, regarding the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and the free circulation of these data and repealing Directive 95/46 / EC (General Data Protection Regulation), and in what does not contradict the aforementioned Regulation, as provided in the legislative framework Spanish in the field of Protection of Personal Data.
By providing us with your data, you declare that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy, giving your unequivocal and express consent to the processing of your personal data in accordance with the purposes and terms expressed herein.
The Company may modify this Privacy Policy to adapt it to the new legislative, jurisprudential or interpretation of the Spanish Agency for Data Protection. These privacy conditions may be complemented by the Legal Notice, Cookies Policy and the General Conditions that, where appropriate, are collected for certain products or services, if such access involves any specialty in terms of protection of personal data.
1.2. Delegate of Data Protection
The company does not have a Data Protection Delegate.
Data Collection
Studentfy.com and the Studentfy Mobile Application (“platform”) use tracking and analytical tools to collect various data about its users. This data may be collected when you open or interact with Studentfy.com or with the Studentfy Mobile Application. The collected data may or may not contain personally identifiable information such as name, phone number, IP address, browser type, and behavior.
The data may be used to analyze user behavior such as clicks, taps, link visits, session duration, pages visited, and other statistics.
Studentfy may also use this information to contact you regarding orders, or other marketing promotions.
The tracking data are collected by storing cookies on your device. Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Our platforms use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our platform.
2.1 Camera and Gallery Permission
The Studentfy app may require your explicit permission in order to be able to access your device’s camera and photos. Denying access may block certain features of the app from operating effectively. As an example, you may not be able to post any images in any group if you don’t give the app the permission to access your device’s photos. You can revoke access at any time by checking your operating system’s app permission.
Studentfy does not use your images for any other purposes.
Legitimation and Data Collected
The legitimacy for the processing of your data is the express consent granted by means of a positive and affirmative act (fill in the corresponding form and check the acceptance box of this policy) when you provide us with your personal data.
3.1. Consent to process your data
When filling out the forms, check the box “I accept the Privacy Policy” and click to send the data, or when sending emails to the Company through the accounts enabled for this purpose, the User declares to have read and expressly accepted this privacy policy, and gives your unequivocal and express consent to the processing of your personal data in accordance with the purposes indicated.
3.2. Data categories
The data collected refer to the category of identifying data, such as: Name and Surname, Telephone, Postal Address, Company, Email, as well as the IP address from where you access the data collection form.
Security Measures
Within our commitment to guarantee the security and confidentiality of your personal data, we inform you that the necessary technical and organizational measures have been adopted to guarantee the security of personal data and to prevent their alteration, loss, treatment or unauthorized access, taking into account the state of the technology, the nature of the stored data and the risks to which they are exposed, according to Art. 32 of the RGPD EU 679/2016.
Transfer of Personal Data
There are no data transfers or international transfers of your data, except for those authorized by tax, commercial and telecommunications legislation, as well as in those cases in which a judicial authority requires it.
Studentfy may send the personal information of the users to its partners. This is done so in order to complete the service or order.
5.1 Trips
When a user buys a trip, we share the full name of the traveler with our travel agency partner. This may not solely be limited to the full name. Other pieces of information such as passport numbers and flight numbers may be shared in order to make sure that the travel agency has all the necessary information to book a place for the traveler. This information will not be shared with any other party.
Almost every trip has a dedicated Whatsapp group.Before most trips, we will send the travelers an email with a link to the Whatsapp group. Joining the group is optional but recommended. Upon joining, the other members in the group can and may see each other’s username, phone number and picture (the privacy settings of Whatsapp can limit this). By agreeing to join the Whatsapp group, you agree that your information can be visible by the other members in the group.
5.2 Health Insurance
We have partnered with Sanitas, the insurance company, to offer an affordable health insurance to those who need it. Users must fill out our Health Insurance forms in order to apply for the insurance. The details of the applicant is then forwarded to Sanitas for processing and verification. During filling out the form, the users must agree that we will have access to their personal information and we will have to share it with our insurance company partner. We confirm that this information will not be shared with any other party and will not be used for any other purposes.
5.3 Accommodation
We have partnered with a few housing agencies to help the international students find appropriate flats. Users can fill out our Housing form in order to apply for the insurance. Then, a copy of the application is received by us and another copy is sent to our partners. The partners then contact the applicants if they have appropriate flats available depending on the user’s information. During filling out the form, the users must agree that we will have access to their personal information and we will have to share it with our partners. We confirm that this information will not be shared with any other party and will not be used for any other purposes.
5.4 Legal Help
Users can fill out our Legal Help application if they need any legal help. The information is then received by us and forwarded to our partner, BarceTip. The user is then contacted directly by BarceTip regarding their application and request. During filling out the form, the user must agree that we will have access to their personal information and we will have to share it with BarceTip. We confirm that this information will not be shared with any other party and will not be used for any other purposes.
5.4 Events
We organize and/or collaborate with the organizers of many events and receive orders on our online platforms. These orders contain personal data such as full name, email address, phone number, school information and any other crucial information needed for the organizer(s) to know about the participants. This may include, but not limited to, meal preferences, allergies or experiences. All the information collected must be directly related to the event and its use must be justifiable. When you place an order, we may send your information to the event organizer (such as a school or a student board). By placing an order on our website, you agree to this. Your personal information will not be shared for any other person with any other party
5.5 Quirón Doctor Appointment
Studentfy works with Quirón to help students make doctor appointments. The user must fill out the form on the Quirón Doctor Appointment page with their personal information. A copy of the information is then sent to Studentfy and another copy is sent to Quirón. Studentfy receives a copy of the information in order to track how many applications have been filled out. Studentfy does not share or use the data with any other partner.
User Rights
Any interested party has the right to obtain confirmation about whether we are treating personal his or her personal data, or not. Interested persons have the right to access their personal data, as well as to request the rectification of inaccurate data or, where appropriate, request its deletion when, among other reasons, the data is no longer necessary for the purposes that were collected. In certain circumstances, the interested parties may request the limitation of the processing of their data, in which case we will only keep them for the exercise or defense of claims. For reasons related to their particular situation, the interested parties may object to the treatment of their data. The Data Controller will stop processing the data, except for compelling legitimate reasons, or the exercise or defense of possible claims.
In accordance with current legislation you have the following rights: right to request access to your personal data, right to request rectification or deletion, right to request limitation of treatment of your data, right to object to treatment of your data, right to portability of data and likewise, to revoke the consent granted.
In compliance with the GDPR laws, any user may request the removal of their information from our systems and database.
6.1. How to exercise my rights?
To exercise your rights, you must contact the person in charge, requesting the corresponding form for the exercise of the chosen right. Optionally, you can go to the competent Control Authority to obtain additional information about your rights. The contact details for the exercise of your rights are telephone 611458721 and email: HOLA@STUDENTFY.COM. Remember to accompany a copy of a document that allows us to identify you.
6.2. User data and account deletition
All Studentfy app users must create an account using their email and password. When a user places an order on Studentfy.com, they must include their email address, full name and phone number. All data is stored securely and safely.
However, all users can request their account and data be anonymized. This means that all personal information is completely wiped out and cannot be traced back to any individual anymore.
Consent to Submit Electronic Communications
Likewise, and in accordance with the provisions of Law 34/2002, of July 11, Services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce, completing the data collection form and marking the corresponding box “I accept the shipment of electronic communications “, is granting the express consent to send to your email address, telephone, fax or other electronic means in sending information about the Company.