Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Shockwave Games and its subsidiaries (“we” or “us”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the information collected from: (1) web-based applications that are based on our mobile applications but are published by third parties, (2) mobile applications that we distribute on behalf of third parties and which are hosted and operated by such parties, or (3) the on-line submission of resumes and employment applications in connection with the Jobs section of our website.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to our homepage or mobile applications or by sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information:
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Device Information:
We collect device-specific information when you access our Services from a mobile device, including your hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and country.
Use Information:
We collect information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, game play activity, interactions with other players, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Other Information Collected with Permission:
Our mobile applications that are distributed through various “app” stores may also request permission to automatically collect other information from your mobile device, including your email address. We may only collect this information with your authorization in accordance with your device operating system’s permission process.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices.
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service.
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services.
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content, suggested connections or features that match user profiles or activities.
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf.
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation.
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Shockwave Games or others
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Social Sharing Features
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Analytics, Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies
We may allow third parties to serve advertisements in connection with our Services, to provide analytics services and provide you with other services, such as rewards programs and tournaments. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, your account information (that you set up with these third parties) and other technologies to collect information about you on our Services and other websites and online services, such as your IP addresses, identifiers associated with your mobile device or applications on the device, the browsers you use to visit our Services, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked, and conversion information. These third parties may also share this information with their customers and clients. This information may be used by Shockwave Games, and these other companies and their customers and clients, to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your usage. Some of these third-party analytics and advertising services offer you a choice to opt out the collection of and/or sharing of this information; links to the opt-out mechanisms for the third parties that offer such a choice can be found in the “Your Choices” section below. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies.
Security
Shockwave Games takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Your Choices
Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send push notifications (or “alerts”) to your mobile device to provide game activity information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages. You can deactivate push notifications by changing your notification settings via your device.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.
Third Party Analytics and Advertising Services
We have identified the provider names of some of the third-party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn more about the data practices of our third-party service providers (including opt-out mechanisms they may offer):
AdColony:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Google AdMob:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Firebase:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
GameAnalytics:
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/
GadsMe:
https://www.gadsme.com/privacy-policy
UnityAds/Unity Analytics:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle:
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Photon:
https://dashboard.photonengine.com/en-US/Account/PrivacyAndCookiePolicy
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
sshockwavegames@hotmail.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 3
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .
NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Data storage and processing locations
Security information
Data encryption
Security practices
Firebase Service Data
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Info
Chat
Sub-policy 4
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/:
404: Out of Bounds!
Looks like you've wandered off the (site)map.
Teleport home
×
Our website uses cookies
GameAnalytics would like to use our own and 10 selected third party cookies or similar technologies for necessary, analytical, and marketing purposes. You can set your preferences by selecting the options below, and withdraw your consent anytime via the shield icon.
Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all
Sub-policy 5
https://www.gadsme.com/privacy-policy:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.
Accept
Decline
Privacy statement
Last update: July, 12th 2020
Gadsme takes your privacy very seriously, and will process and use your information carefully. We are also very transparent on this issue. You should always know what information we collect and what we do with that information.
1. What is Gadsme?
Gadsme together with its affiliates (“Gadsme” from here on out, or simply “we”, “us”, etc.) offers an advertising marketplace that proposes innovative advertising solutions to publishers -including game publishers- and advertisers all over Europe, the United States, Latin America and Asia. Publishers use Gadsme’s advertising solutions to monetize their ad spaces either directly or through Gadsme advertising demand including other advertising buyer partners.
Advertisers or their intermediaries (e.g. media agencies) display their advertising campaigns through Gadsme advertising solutions on the websites or apps or games of our publisher partners. Gadsme advertising technology collects and uses data to help make online advertising more relevant as well as for ad delivery and reporting purposes. All partners and suppliers of Gadsme acknowledge our privacy policy and follow its consent. Gadsme is committed to protecting and safeguard the privacy and personal data related to individual visitors of our Website as well as our prospective and/or existing publishers. Our main office is located in Paris, France, 65 rue Condorcet. Our Chamber of Commerce number is 884 197 799.
This privacy policy details Gadsme’s data practices on how we or our external, legally and independent service partners acting on behalf of Gadsme collect, use, process and share the data we may collect through our advertising services as well as the ways in which individuals may exercise control over the use of information collected by us. Your use of the Gadsme’s Services is also governed by the Terms of Use.
As used herein, “personal data” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular Gadsme customer or consumer or his or her household. Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we make any material changes, modification will be we available on Gadsme’s Web site.
When you use our Software and/or Marketplace and/or Platform and/or Services and/or Gadsme Website, you agree that we may collect, use and disclose your Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is a part of our Terms of Use, and should be read in conjunction with them.
Gadsme has appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO) to ensure compliance with the requirements. He has direct and immediate connections with the top level management of Gadsme and remains in an independent position within the corporate structure of Gadsme. Visitors of the Website of Gadsme as well as our prospective and / or existing clients as well as our prespective and/or existing publishers can get in touch with our DPO by electronic mail service to
dpo@gadsme.com
.
2. What information does Gadsme collect
Gadsme (or our external partners on our behalf) may collect Information about you where such Information is sent to us through your computer, mobile phone or other access device, including but not limited to: Personal identifying Information such as:
Full name and/or company name
Date of birth and/or company incorporation number
Corporate address and/or corporate domain
E-mail address
Phone number and/or other contact information
Payment information and bank details
IP address, IDFA, Google Advertising ID, UDID and other unique identifiers
language information, device mark and model, device connection, Os type and version
localization and location
time and date of access and ad view
information about the mobiles apps that a user have or currently has installed on its device
information about the ads a user have already been displayed
General and non-personal activity log Information unique to you that is automatically collected.
Information also includes, but is not limited to App data such as app name, logo, app store URL, app store category, app bundle ID, app cross apps tag, blocked content categories, COPPA flag, etc.
Gadsme do not collect or process information related to sensitive targeting categories as defined by the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) in the European Economic Area (EEA) and under other applicable law (e.g. religion, political opinion, health).
3. Why do we collect that Information. Data Use
Gadsme use the Information we collect to provide and improve the Gadsme Services and/or Marketplace and/or Platform and/or software and/or our Website, including but not limited, for:
Serving and optimizing Advertisements
Tracking performance of ads and frequency capping
Advertisement reporting and tracking including studies and insights
Billing purposes
Fraud detection and protection
Cross device experience
providing customer service
Geo-targeting
Interest-based advertising
Providing and improving our services
protecting the rights and property of Gadsme and complying with Law
We may use various tracking technologies to collect this information, such as pixel tags and pixel impression trackers from third party services and tracking technologies. We may also receive a list of unique identifiers directly from your devices, from Publishers and/or Advertisers, which we may use to determine to what end users to display (or not display) certain ads.
Separately, we may also collect email, contact, payment and related information from publishers and advertisers
In order to deliver personalized ads as well as non-personalized ads, Gadsme uses the following methods to identify users depending on the device they use, whether they access our Services on web or mobile or game or app, and operating system:
Cookie-based identification
Gadsme drops a cookie on the user web and/or mobile browser. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are created on your device through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Cookies are used to identify a user and store a randomly generated identifier to identify his or her browser across visits.
Cookie-less environments
For browsers setup to not allow cookies to be dropped, Gadsme uses an identification methodology based on IP address, browser, and device characteristics. This method allows Gadsme to identify a user in order to provide the same level of services, such as reporting and targeting information to users, segmenting users, and capping the number of times the same ad is shown to the same user.
Advertising ID
Gadsme uses its software development kit ("SDK") technology to identify your advertising ID for mobile applications. For Google Android operating system, we use the Google Advertising ID and for Apple iOS the IDFA.
You can opt-out of the use of these technologies as described in Section 8.
4. Privacy Practices of Publishers
In our Terms & Conditions, we require Gadsme’s Publishers to post a privacy policy, to obtain all required end user consents, and to comply with all applicable laws and self-regulatory guidelines, but we are not responsible for your privacy practices. To assist you in your compliance with your obligations under applicable law, our Privacy Policy contains information on the way Gadsme processes end user personal data.
In particular, information given to the end users who are based in the EU at the time their consent is asked, should include the following:
The collection of their data by Gadsme as described in this Privacy Policy, including a link to this Privacy Policy;
That their data will be collected by Gadsme to show ads on your applications or games, including ads which are based on behavioral targeting (for example: ads for games which are similar to those which they have installed and played before);
Their rights as data subjects, as described in Section “XXX”;
Their right to withdraw consent at any time;
Their right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
5. Data Disclosure
Data shared with Third Parties
In order to provide the Services, we need to share data (including personal information) with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf, including the ones listed below. Our service providers are authorized to use the information we provide only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Programmatic Buyers:
We may send part of the user profile to programmatic buyers using demand side platforms such as Google Display & Video 360, who buy our ad placements through programmatic ad auctions. Those companies are responsible as independent controllers of the data used to deliver their ads on Gadsme’s network.
Viewability measurement:
We may transmit data to companies specialized in campaign measurement.
Fraud detection:
We may transmit data to companies specialized in preventing delivering our ads on fraudulent traffic, such as non-human traffic.
Geo-location:
We may transmit the IP address of the user to companies such as digital elements which provide geo-location services.
Analytics and Audience measurement:
We transmit data to companies in order to validate the accuracy of our targeting or measure the demographic reach of our network.
Affiliates:
We may disclose the information we collect through the Services to our affiliates or subsidiaries for the purposes described in this privacy policy; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to this privacy policy.
Hosting:
We utilize third party hosting and data-center providers to store data.
Data sharing agreement:
We process data sharing with selected brands.
Other Disclosures
We also may disclose information in the following circumstances.
Business Transfers:
If we are or may be acquired by or merged with another company, if any of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company.
In Response to Legal Process:
We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal processes, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others:
We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which Gadsme is involved.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information:
We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.
Sale of Personal Information
Gadsme uses data for its business to serve clients and combines such data with other information to help enhance its products and services. Such use may be considered a “sale” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”). As Gadsme uses and combines data it receives with other information to help enhance its products and services, Gadsme considers itself a third party for CCPA purposes. Advertisers (and their intermediaries) and publishers that work with Gadsme should include a “Do Not Sell” link on their website(s) to comply with the CCPA as interpreted by the California Attorney General.
Additional Disclosures for individuals in Europe
If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding the processing of your personal data.
Legal Basis for Processing
When we process your personal data, we will do so, e.g., in the following situations:
We need to use your personal data to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., processing payments for and providing the products or services you have requested).
We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data. For example, we may process your personal data to send you marketing communications, to communicate with you about changes to our products and Services, and to provide, secure, and improve our products and Services.
We find such processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Data Subject Requests
You have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that your personal data be corrected, erased, or transferred. You may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may contact us as indicated below.
Third-Party Links
Ads within the Gadsme Ad Network may contain links to third-party websites and applications. Any access to and use of such linked websites or mobile apps is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties This privacy policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information and data by Gadsme. Publishers, advertisers and other websites that may be accessible through our Services have their own privacy policies and practices that govern the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information when you interact with their services and use their products. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy policies provided by all third parties prior to giving them information or taking advantage of an offer or promotion.
6. Data Retention and security
We retain the data linked to a user up to 12 months from the date of collection.
We may also store aggregated and non-personal data for a longer period than 12 months for financial and statistical reasons.
For security reasons, user’s IP address is stored in a private security log for a period of 4 months.
Gadsme cookie is kept up to 365 days after the last user interaction with our services.
Gadsme uses generally accepted industry security standards to protect data.
Your personal information will be retained in accordance with our data retention policy which is designed to retain data for as long as needed for us to comply with our contractual obligations, employment obligations, and other business purposes, including global legal obligations to retain data. We may retain some information from closed accounts so that we can comply with law, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyze or troubleshoot programs, enforce our Terms of Use, or take other actions permitted by law.
We have implemented reasonable security measures to protect the information we collect from unauthorized access, exfiltration, theft, loss, misuse, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
7. Transfer of information to the U.S. and other countries
Gadsme is based in Paris and we process and store information throughout the United States, Europe, Latin America, and Asia. Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer your information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction.
8. Choices for access, deletion, opt out of sale or opt out from Gadsme Personalized advertising and right to non-discrimination for California
If you are a California resident, you have the right to know what personal information we collect, disclose, and “sell” about you (as that term is used in the CCPA). Additionally, you have the right to access, delete and opt-out from the “sale” of your personal information.
To exercise these rights, please follow the instructions below:
How to Request Access to Personal Information:
You may request access to your personal information twice in a 12-month period. To do so, please, email us at
dpo@gadsme.com
.
How to Request Deletion of Personal Information:
You may request that Gadsme delete the personal information it has collected and/or maintained about you. To do so, please email us at
dpo@gadsme.com
.
Note, we may need to retain certain personal information as permitted by law, such as to complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a requested good or service, detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activities, comply with legal obligations or to enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations or lawful within the context in which you provided the information.
How to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information:
We offer an opt-out from the use of cookies and other tracking technologies in connection with our Services, which may in some cases constitute the sale of your personal information under the CCPA or other privacy laws. To opt-out of the sale of your personal information follow the browser setting instructions below. This will cause information to cease to be added to any cookies or other tracking technologies that have been set on our Services or block them entirely. It will also inhibit targeted advertising. Please note that you will need to opt out again if you visit one of our Services from a different device or browser or if you clear your cookies.
Verification
Please note, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling any consumer request. If you maintain an account with us, we will verify your identity through existing authentication practices for the account (e.g., login and password). If you are not a registered member, we will verify your identity by matching two or three data points that you provide with data points that we maintain and have determined to be reliable for the purposes of verification (e.g., browser and device ID).
Authorized Agents
You can use an authorized agent to make such requests on your behalf. But we may require the agent to provide a written permission and verify his/her identity or demonstrate that he or she has power of attorney.
Anti-Discrimination Right
You have the right to be free from discrimination in product quality, goods or services if you choose to exercise your privacy rights under the CCPA.
Do Not Track Signals
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time, we stop running targeted advertising when we receive a “do not track” signal. For information about Do Not Track, visit www.allaboutdnt.org.
If you do not want us to show you personalized ads (based on your inferred interests) please follow the below instructions:
To opt-out from your web browser in any devices:
If you opt-out, you will still see ads, including contextually tailored ads (i.e., ads tailored to the current website or app you are viewing) and ads based on your current location; they just may not be relevant to your interests.
The opt-out mechanism will only opt you out of personalized advertising delivered by Gadsme in this browser or in mobile applications on this device (e.g., phones, tablets). It will not opt you out on other devices or in other browsers you use. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. Opt-out information is stored in a cookie for 5 years. If you delete your cookies, this information will also be deleted, and you will need to renew your opt-out choices.
For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.youronlinechoices.com, www.aboutads.info/choices, and other similar sites.
To opt-out from an in an app or a game environment:
If you opt-out, you will still see ads, including contextually tailored ads (i.e., ads tailored to the current website or app you are viewing) and ads based on your current location, they just may not be relevant to your interests.
If you want to disable Gadsme personalized ads, please refer to your operating system settings.
Mobile device system software are providing mechanisms that allow users to opt-out of the use of information about their usage of mobile apps to deliver targeted ads to their mobile device. For more information, or to opt-out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings (e.g. “Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads” on Android devices and “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices). Please note that this is a device setting which will disable personalized ads from all providers, and not just for Gadsme. If your device’s advertising identifier is reset, you will need to renew your opt-out choice for that device.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under the California law, California residents may opt-out of our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. You can choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by emailing us at
dpo@gadsme.com
. This would mean that you wouldn’t receive any direct offers or marketing information from any services subscribed to via Gadsme’s services.
9. How does Gadsme protect your personal information?
Gadsme will take appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your (personal) data against loss or any form of unlawful processing.
10. Transfer to countries outside or inside the EU
For technical and operational reasons, it can still be necessary for your (personal) data to be transmitted to (the servers of) Gadsme’s affiliates in the United States or other countries outside Europe, where privacy laws may not offer the same protection as in the European Union. You agree that, should the situation occur, your (personal) data may be transferred to the United States or other countries outside Europe. For those of you located in the United States, you agree that your (personal) data may be transferred to countries inside Europe.
11. Additional Terms
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Information you provide us. Inaccurate Information will affect the information you receive from us and/or other third parties and our ability to contact you as contemplated in this Privacy Policy. You hereby consent to having us and/or third parties contact you via any and all contact details included in the Information, as well as use these contact details to promote and market to you various products and services, including (but not limited to) products and services provided to us and/or by third parties. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Site Terms and Conditions. We may transfer the Information outside your country of residence and store it in other countries; the data protection and other laws of these countries may not be as comprehensive as those in your country - in these instances we will take steps to ensure that a similar level of protection is given to the Personal Information.
We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. We cannot guarantee nor do we represent that there will be error-free performance regarding the privacy of the Information, and we will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to the use or release of the Information.
12. Children
Gadsme does not knowingly collect personal information from children under thirteen (13). If we become aware that a child under thirteen (13) has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove that information and terminate the child’s account.
If a child under the age of thirteen (13) tries to register with us, we ask the child to have a parent or guardian to be present and provide parental permission for use. Still, we always reserve the right to delete an account associated with a child under the age of thirteen (13) even if parental consent is provided. We do not knowingly contact children under the age of thirteen (13) without a parent’s permission.
13. Acceptance and modification of this policy
By agreeing to the Terms and Use or by continued use of the Software and/or Marketplace and/or Platform and/or Services and/or our Website, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, and to any changes that we may make to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any such changes to the Privacy Policy by posting the changes on the Privacy Policy. We recommend that you revisit this Privacy Policy regularly. Your continued use of the Software and/or Marketplace and/or Platform and/or Services and/or App and/or our Website in relation to any of the aforementioned, following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy, means you accept these changes. If you feel the rights to personal data related to you had been infringed by Gadsme, please get in touch with our DPO at
dpo@gadsme.com
.
Sub-policy 6
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 7
https://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences
Sub-policy 8
https://dashboard.photonengine.com/en-US/Account/PrivacyAndCookiePolicy:
Please enable Javascript to continue.
Skip to main content ...
PRODUCTS
Samples
SDKs
Documentation
Sign In
PRODUCTS
FUSION
QUANTUM
REALTIME
Classic:
PUN
CHAT
VOICE
GAMING
INDUSTRIES
Samples
SDKs
DOCUMENTATION
Dashboard
Status
Fusion
Quantum
Realtime
Classic:
PUN
Voice
Chat
Gaming
CIRCLE
Implement your games faster
with our pro tools.
Industries
CIRCLE
NON-GAMING
Benefit from the complete suite of Photon business products including Photon Server.
×
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Effective Date: 2024/08/20
1. Introduction and Overview.
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) governs your use of the Exit Games Service. Exit Games consists of: Exit Games Inc. (USA) and Exit Games GmbH (Germany), collectively referred to herein as “Exit Games,” “we,” “our,” or “us.”
This Privacy Policy provides a comprehensive description of how Exit Games collects, uses, and discloses information about you as well as your rights and choices regarding such information. It applies to any online location that links to this Privacy Policy, including this website (the “Service”) or offline locations that makes this Privacy Policy available to you.
If you are a U.S. resident, some states provide additional rights by law to its residents, as described below. Please consult your region-specific Section for more information:
Additional Disclosures for California Residents
(Section 13)
Additional Disclosures for Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia Residents
(Section 14)
Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents
(Section 15)
If you are a data subject in the European Union, please see the
Additional Disclosures for People in the EU
in Section 16. If you have any questions or wish to exercise your rights and choices, please contact us as set out in
Contact Us
found in Section 12 below.
2. Information Collection.
There are limited instances where we provide services, such as on our website, that requires the collection of information for our own purposes. In this limited instance, we are considered a controller or business that is independently determining the need for collection to achieve a particular business purpose. As such, this Privacy Policy only applies to information we collect where we control the purposes and means of processing. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by third parties or information collected in the context of your employment with us. The following is a breakdown of our limited collection practices based on what you provide to us, information collected automatically, and information received from other sources necessary for us to provide you with the Service.
A. Information You Provide.
When you use our Service, there is certain information you provide to us:
Contact Data
, including your first and last name, and postal address provided when you interact with the Service.
Account Credentials
, including your username and password.
Billing Data
, including your payment instrument number (such as a credit or debit card number), expiration date, and security code as necessary to process your payments provided when you order any subscription through the Service.
Username, Avatar and banner
from Discord, if you join our Discord community and support servers.
Content
, including content you post in forums or messages you send to Photon developer support or on our Discord channels.
You may choose to voluntarily provide other information to us that we do not request, and, in such instances, you are solely responsible for such information.
B. Information Collected Automatically.
In addition, we automatically collect certain information when you use the Service. The categories of information we automatically collect and have collected in the last twelve (12) months includes:
Service Use Data
, including data about features you use, pages you visit, products and services you view and purchase, the time of day you browse, and your referring and exiting pages.
Device Data
, including data about the type of device or browser you use, your device’s operating software, your internet service provider, your device’s regional and language settings, and device identifiers such as IP address.
Location Data
, including imprecise location data (such as location derived from an IP address).
We use various current – and later – developed tracking technologies to automatically collect information when you use the Service, including the following:
Log Files
, which are files that record events that occur in connection with your use of the Service.
Cookies
, which are small data files stored on your device that act as a unique tag to identify your browser. We use two types of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies make it easier for you to navigate our website and expire when you close your browser. Persistent cookies help with personalizing your experience, remembering your preferences, and supporting security features. Persistent cookies may remain on your device for extended periods of time, and generally may be controlled through your browser settings. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our
“Cookie Policy”
.
Pixels
(also known as web beacons), which is embedded code that sends information about your use to a server. There are various types of pixels, including image pixels (which are small graphic images) and JavaScript pixels (which contains JavaScript code). When you access a website or email that contains a pixel, the pixel may permit us or a separate entity to drop or read cookies on your browser. Pixels are used in combination with cookies to track activity by a particular browser on a particular device. We may incorporate pixels from separate entities that allow us to understand your use of our websites and emails, and provide you with additional functionality.
For further information on how we use tracking technologies for analytics, and your rights and choices regarding them, see
Analytics
in Section 6, and
Your Rights and Choices
in Section 7 below.
C. Information from Other Sources.
We also collect information from other sources. The categories of sources we collect information from and have collected from in the last twelve (12) months, include:
Social networks
when you engage with our content, reference our Service, or grant us permission to access information from the social networks.
Otherwise, information that we receive is in the context of us acting as a service provider that is processing information at the instruction and on behalf of our business clients.
Please refer to
Use of Information
in Section 3 below, to better understand our practices with respect to information that may relate to you.
3. Use of Information.
We use the information we collect for purposes in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
                Our business purposes for collecting and using information, including in the last twelve (12) months, include to:
Operate and manage our Service, including your registration and account.
Perform services requested by you, such as respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer service.
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and administrative messages.
Prevent and address fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm.
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities.
Conduct research, including focus groups and surveys.
Improve the Service or other Exit Games websites, apps, marketing efforts, products and services.
Develop and send you direct marketing, including advertisements and communications about our and other entities’ products, offers, promotions, rewards, events, and services.
Fulfill any other purposes at your direction or with your notice and/or consent.
We do not use information collected for automated decision-making, including individual profiling.
Notwithstanding the above, we may use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law.
                For information on your rights and choices regarding how we use information about you, please see
Your Rights and Choices
in Section 7 below.
4. Disclosure of Information
We disclose information we collect in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. The types of entities to whom we disclose, include:
Service Providers. We disclose information to entities that process information on our behalf for our business purposes. Service providers assist us with services such as hosting providers, cloud service providers, payment providers, data analytics, marketing and advertising, website hosting, and technical support. We contractually prohibit our service providers from retaining, using, or disclosing information about you for any purpose other than performing the services for us, although we may permit them to use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law.
Vendors and Other Parties. We disclose information to vendors for business purposes, including analytics. Vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. For more information on analytics, see the “Analytics” section below.
Affiliates. We disclose information to our related entities including our parent and sister companies for business purposes such as customer support, marketing, and technical operations
Customers. We disclose information to our customers in connection with us processing information on their behalf. For example, we disclose information to our customers in order to maintain and administer your online accounts, respond to your questions and comments, comply with your requests, market and advertise to you, and otherwise comply with applicable law.
Merger or Acquisition. We disclose information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another business.
Public Forums. We disclose information you make public through the Service, such as information in your profile or that you post on public boards. Please think carefully before making information public as you are solely responsible for any information you make public. Once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information, subject to additional rights set out in
Your Rights and Choices
in Section 7 below.
Security and Compelled Disclosure. We disclose information to comply with the law or other legal process, and where required, in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We also disclose information to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of us, the Service or anyone else.
Notwithstanding the above, we may disclose information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we disclose information about you, please see
Your Rights and Choices
in Section 7 below.
5. Technology Integrations.
Our Service includes links that hyperlink to websites, platforms, and other services not operated or controlled by us. In addition, we integrate technologies operated or controlled by separate entities into parts of our Service.
Please note that when you interact with other entities, including when you leave our Service, those entities may independently collect information about you and solicit information from you. The information collected and stored by those entities remains subject to their own policies and practices, including what information they disclose to us, your rights and choices on their services and devices, and whether they store information in the U.S. or elsewhere. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
6. Analytics.
We use analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand how users access and use the Service. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. As part of this process, we may incorporate tracking technologies into our own Service (including our website).
As indicated above, vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
For further information on the types of tracking technologies we use on the Service and your rights and choices regarding analytics, please see
Information Collected Automatically
in Section 2B above, and
Your Rights and Choices
in Section 7 below.
7. Your Rights and Choices.
A. Account Information.
You may access, update, or remove certain information that you have provided to us through your account by visiting your account settings or sending an email to the email address set out in Contact Us found in Section 12 below. We may require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. Please note that we will retain and use information about you as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
B. Tracking Technology Choices.
Cookies and Pixels.
Most browsers accept cookies by default. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to decline or delete cookies.If you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to instruct each browser separately. Your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
Do Not Track.
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, we do not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals. For more information on “Do Not Track,” visit
https://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Please be aware that if you disable or remove tracking technologies some parts of the Service may not function correctly.
C. Analytics.
Google provides tools to allow you to opt out of the use of certain information collected by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Please note that if you opt out using any opt out tools, the opt out may only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any opt out options or programs, or the accuracy of any other entities’ statements regarding their opt out options or programs.
D. Communications.
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the instructions as provided in emails to click on the unsubscribe link, or emailing us at the email address set out in
Contact Us
found in Section 12 below with the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject field of the email. Please note that you cannot opt-out of non-promotional emails, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or Exit Games’ ongoing business relations.
Please note that your opt out is limited to the email used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.
E. Other Region-Specific Rights
Some regions provide additional rights by law. This subsection details how to exercise certain of those rights to the extent they apply to you. See your region-specific terms for further details.
Authorized Agent.
Depending on your region, you may have the right to designate an authorized agent to exercise rights on your behalf. Except for requests made by opt-out preference signal, we will require written and signed proof of the agent’s permission to do so and may verify your identity directly with you. To the extent permitted by applicable law, rights must be exercised through the designated methods listed above.
Appeals.
Depending on your region, you may have the right to appeal our decision if we deny your request. To appeal, please contact us at the email address set out in the Contact Us section below and specify what you wish to appeal. We will review and respond to your appeal in accordance with applicable law. If we deny your appeal, you may submit a complaint to your relevant regulatory authority through the links specified in your region-specific terms.
8. Children.
The Service is intended for a general audience, and is not directed at children under(13) years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information(as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act, or “COPPA”) in a manner not permitted by COPPA. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe we have collected information from your child in a manner not permitted by law, contact us at privacy@photonengine.com. We will remove the data to the extent required by applicable laws. We do not knowingly “sell,” as that term is defined under the CCPA, the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents.
9. Data Security.
We implement and maintain reasonable administrative, physical, and technical security safeguards to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information about you.
10. International Transfer.
Our headquarter is based in Germany, with servers and other business partners located worldwide, including in the United States. If you are accessing the Service from outside of the U.S., please be aware that information collected through the Service may be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Data protection laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may be different from those of your country of residence. Your use of the Service or provision of any information therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to and from, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of information about you in the U.S. and other jurisdictions as set out in this Privacy Policy. If your data is collected in Europe, we will transfer your personal data subject to appropriate safeguards, such as Standard Contractual Clauses.
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to revise and reissue this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy. By continuously using our Service, you acknowledge our Privacy Policy then posted. If the changes are material, we may provide you additional notice to your email address.
12. Contact Us.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our data practices, or our compliance with applicable law, please contact us:
By email:
                privacy@photonengine.com
If you have a disability and would like to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format, please contact us at privacy@photonengine.com.
13. Additional Disclosures for California Residents.
These additional disclosures for California residents apply only to individuals who reside in California. Terms used in this Section 13 have the meaning ascribed to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), unless otherwise stated.
In addition, please note that these below rights and disclosures only apply to personal information we collect where we control the purposes and means of collection. Any questions or requests that you have relating to the processing of personal information by us on behalf of a customer should be directed to the relevant customer. We will support our customer to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
A. Notice of Collection.
In the past twelve (12) months, we have collected the following categories of personal information enumerated in the CCPA:
Contact Identifiers
, including your first and last name, and postal address provided (when you interact with us).
Payment Information
, including billing and shipping address, and credit or debit card information provided when you order any subscription through the Service.
Commercial information
, including your purchases and products you obtained or considered with the Services.
Internet activity
, including your interactions with our Service, such as the features you use, the pages you visit, the content you view, purchases you made or considered, the time of day you browse, and referring and exiting pages.
Non-precise Geolocation data
, such as location derived from an IP address or data that indicates a city level.
Account Credentials
, including your email address and password.
Content
, including content within any messages you send to us (such as feedback, questions, or survey responses) or publicly post on the Service (such as in product reviews or blog comments)
For more information on information we collect, including the sources we receive information from, review
Information Collection
in Section 2. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in
Use of Information
in Section 3, including to provide and manage our Services. Please review
Disclosure of Information
in Section 4 for more detail about the parties we have disclosed information to.
Exit Games does not sell personal information as defined by the CCPA. However, some of our disclosures of personal information may be considered a “sale” or “share” as those terms are defined under the CCPA. A “sale” is broadly defined under the CCPA to include a disclosure for something of value, and a “share” is broadly defined under the CCPA to include a disclosure for cross-context behavioral advertising. We collect, sell, or share the following categories of personal information for commercial purposes:  non-precise geolocation data. The categories of third parties to whom we sell or share your personal information include, where applicable, vendors and other parties involved in cross-context behavioral advertising. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents. For details on your rights regarding sales and shares, please see the
Right to Opt-Out of Sales and Shares
section below.
Some of the personal information we collect may be considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect, use, and disclose such sensitive personal information only for the permissible business purposes for sensitive personal information under the CPRA or without the purpose of inferring characteristics about consumers. We do not sell or share sensitive personal information.
B. Right to Know, Correct, and Delete.
If you are a California resident, you the following rights under the CCPA:
The right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which personal information was collected, the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of personal information that we sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose, the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
The right to correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
The right to delete personal information we have collected from you.
have the right to delete the personal information we have collected from you and the right know certain information about our data practices in the preceding twelve(12) months. In particular, you have the right to request the following from us:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
To exercise any of these rights, contact us at https://www.photonengine.com/contact. In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days. Please note, these rights require verification and subject to certain exceptions. To verify your identity, we may contact the email address that matches our records, and wait for your response. In some instances, we may ask for additional information.  If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests.
C. Rights to Opt-Out of Sales and Shares
You have the right to opt-out of sales or shares of your personal information, to the extent applicable. Please note, however, we do not “sell” or “share” your personal information as those terms are defined by the CCPA. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents.
D. Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise any of your rights.
E. Right to an Authorized Agent.
You have the right to designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights. For details on exercising this right, see the “Authorized agent” subsection of the Your Privacy Choices section above.
F. Minors
If you are a California resident under 18 years old and registered to use the Service, under California’s Online Eraser Law, you can ask us to remove any content or information you have publicly posted on the Service. To make a request, please write us at the email address set out in the
Contact Us
(Section 12) above with “California Under 18 Online Eraser Request” in the subject line, and tell us what you want removed. We will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view, although we cannot ensure the complete or comprehensive removal of the content and may retain the content as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
G. Shine the Light.
Customers who are residents of California may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such information. To exercise a request, please write us at the email or postal address set out in
Contact Us
found in Section 12 above and specify that you are making a “California Shine the Light Request”. We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year.
14. Additional Disclosures for Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia Residents
These additional rights and disclosures apply only to residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. Terms have the meaning ascribed to them in the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“CTDPA”), the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”), the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPSA”), the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“UCPA”), and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”), as applicable.
Please note that these rights and disclosures only apply to personal data we collect where we control the purposes and means of collection. Any questions or requests that you have relating to the processing of personal data by us on behalf of a client should be directed to the relevant client. We will support the client to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
A. Data Subject Requests.
You have the following rights under applicable law:
To confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data
To access your personal data
To correct inaccuracies in your personal data
To delete your personal data
To obtain a copy of your personal data that you previously provided to us in a portable and readily usable format
If you are an Oregon resident, you also have the following rights:
To confirm the categories of personal data we have processed
To receive a list of the specific third parties to which we have disclosed personal data
To exercise your rights, please submit a data subject request by contacting us at https://www.photonengine.com/en-US/contact (specifying the rights you wish to exercise). If you have an account with us, we may require you to submit the request through your account. We will confirm receipt of and respond to your request consistent with applicable law. Please note these rights require verification and are subject to exceptions. To verify your identity, we may contact the email address that matches our records, and wait for your response. In some instances, we may ask for additional information. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your request.
B. Sales and Targeted Advertising
Depending on your region, you may have the right to opt-out of sales or processing of your personal data for targeted advertising purposes. Please note, however, we do not sell or process your personal data for targeted advertising purposes.
C. Profiling
We do not process personal data for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning consumers.
D. Right to an Authorized Agent.
You have the right to designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights. For details on exercising this right, see the “Authorized agent” subsection of the Your Privacy Choices section above.
E. Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any your rights.
F. Right to an Appeal.
You have the right to appeal our decision in response to your request. For details on exercising this right, see the “Appeals” subsection of the Your Privacy Choices section above. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint as follows:
For Colorado residents, to the Colorado AG at https://coag.gov/file-complaint/
For Connecticut residents, to the Connecticut AG at https://www.dir.ct.gov/ag/complaint/
For Oregon residents, to the Oregon AG at https://justice.oregon.gov/consumercomplaints/
For Texas residents, to the Texas AG at https://oag.my.salesforce-sites.com/CPDOnlineForm
For Utah residents, to the AG at https://attorneygeneral.utah.gov/contact/complaint-form/
For Virginia residents, to the AG at https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumercomplaintform
15. Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents.
If you are a Nevada consumer, you have the right to direct us not to sell certain information that we have collected or will collect about you. To exercise this right, please follow the instructions for opting out of sales, shares, and targeted advertising in the
Your Privacy Choices
section above.
16. Additional Disclosures for People in the EU.
A. Roles.
Data protection laws in Europe distinguish between organizations that process personal data for their own purposes(known as “controllers”) and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations(known as “processors”).
We act as a controller only with respect to personal data collected as you interact with our websites and emails. Controller under the General Data Protection Regulation(“GDPR”) in this regard is Exit Games Inc., 111 SW 5th Ave. STE 3150, Portland, Oregon 97204, USA.
However, in most instances, we act as processor on behalf of our business clients—a separate legal entity—which is the controller. For example, game developers will create games which will be hosted in our globally distributed Photon Cloud. Please visit the applicable client’s privacy policy for information about their privacy practices. Any questions that you may have relating to the processing of personal data by Exit Games on behalf of the customer and your rights under data protection law should be directed to the customer as the controller, not to us.
B. Lawful Basis for Processing.
Data protection laws in Europe require a “lawful basis” for processing personal data.
Personal data you voluntarily provide us through our site(which may include your name, company, address and contact details such as your telephone number, email address or fax number) will be used for the purposes of satisfying your requests, such as ensuring an error-free and comfortable usage of our websites and registration with our Services. This is based on Art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
If you registered as a developer our Services, we collect your personal data in order to administer your membership, including your account details in connection with your membership sign-in. This is based on Art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
The provision of the above described personal data is a contractual requirement. If you do not provide us this information, we may not be able to provide you with our Services.
We may also send you as a registered developer further information about our Services or through our periodic newsletters, which may be unsubscribed by you at any time with a link that is provided with the newsletter. This is based on Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to provide you with news and information on our Services.
If you have emailed us with an enquiry we will use your email address to respond to your query. This is based on Art. (1)(b) of the GDPR when this is done prior to entering into a contract or based on Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR in any other case. Our legitimate interest is to respond to your enquiry.
The use of Analytics (as described above in Section 6) is either based on your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) of the GDPR) or our legitimate interest in analyzing the use of our Services (Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).
We do not involve automated decision-making, including profiling.
C. Retention Periods.
We will retain personal data only for as long as it is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
D. Recipients and International Transfers.
Exit Games uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run Exit Games’ Websites and services.As far as necessary, personal data is also shared between us as the Controller and Exit Games GmbH in Hamburg, Germany.
Information that you submit may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area(“EEA”). By way of example, this may happen if one or more of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside the EEA or one of our service providers is located in a country outside the EEA. If you make contact with any business featured on the site your details may be transferred outside the EEA. If we transfer your information outside the EEA in this way, we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
We transfer personal data to the following third countries:
Third country
Legal safeguards
Australia
Standard Contractual Clauses
Brazil
Standard Contractual Clauses
Canada
Standard Contractual Clauses
China
Standard Contractual Clauses
India
Standard Contractual Clauses
Japan
Standard Contractual Clauses
Singapore
Standard Contractual Clauses
South Africa
Standard Contractual Clauses
South Korea
Standard Contractual Clauses
Turkey
Standard Contractual Clauses
United Arab Emirates
Standard Contractual Clauses
USA EU-U.S.
Standard Contractual Clauses
To get a copy of the respective safeguards, please contact us at our European Representative office (see address below under G.)
E. Cookies.
Detailed below are the cookies we use and why and how long they last (in addition to the information provided above).
Strictly necessary cookies (and similar technologies)
Strictly necessary cookies are technically necessary in order to navigate our website (=the Service), use basic functions and ensure the security of the website. Without these cookies, we cannot provide the requested services on our website. These cookies neither collect information about you for marketing purposes, nor do they store which webpages you have visited.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is Exit Games’ legitimate interest to ensure that the website functions correctly and according to the preferences indicated by each user (§ 25 (2) TTDSG and/or Art. 6 (1)(f) of the GDPR). They are enabled by default on the website, but you can technically block them using your browser settings (see below How to control cookies).
User identification and Services (https://www.photonengine.com/, https://dashboard.photonengine.com/, https://doc.photonengine.com/ and https://forum.photonengine.com/)
Cookie
Purpose
First/Third Party Cookie
Expiration
Data
Recipients outside EEA*
Name of third party/ privacy policy
egiL (egiLC1, egiLC2)
Used to distinguish users
First[TW2]
End of session or max 7 days or 30 days with “remember me”
Encrypted UserId and cached permissions.
None
None
egcaL
Used to distinguish users
First
End of session or max 7 days or 30 days with “remember me”
Encrypted user email for counterApi use.
None
None
egcuL
Used to store the default user language
First
375 days
Default user language
None
None
egctdp
Temporary information for some operations.
First
End of session
Encrypted session data used for some operations (error info, terms updates)
None
None
egaftL
Used to improve user security (anti XSRF/CSRF).
First
End of session
Unique request id
None
None
egcpa
Used to track acceptance of our cookie policy.
First
375 days
Client cookie settings
None
None
As a general purpose, these cookies are used to identify the logged-in user and provide data from the Photonengine services.
Blog (https://blog.photonengine.com/)
No additional cookies are used on our Blog Website.
Google Analytics (used on all pages)
Analytical cookies collect information about how you use our website, which webpages you visit and, for example, whether errors occur during the website’s use. These cookies are used by Exit Games to optimize our website, i.e. its performance and to measure the audience of the website. Functional cookies enable us to rate and enhance the functions of the Exit Games services as well as to provide expanded functionalities and personalized services.
The legal basis for processing this personal data is your consent (§ 25 (1) TTDSG and/or Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
Cookie
Purpose
First/Third Party Cookie
Expiration
Data
Recipients outside EEA*
Name of third party/ privacy policy
_ga
Used to distinguish users.
Third
2 years
User/session identifier
Google
Google
_gid
Used to distinguish users.
Third
24 hours
User/session identifier
Google
Google
_ga_1J7V51TDRF
Used to persist session state.
Third
2 years
User/session identifier
Google
Google
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form (using the option “anonymizeIP”), including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Due to the activation of IP anonymization on the website, your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union/the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the U.S and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.
Google Analytics is used under joint controllership with Google. A respective agreement has been concluded with Google for this purpose, which, however, currently assigns full responsibility to both parties for processing operations assigned to them. Google combines your usage data with usage data collected elsewhere and uses the resulting profiles to display individualized advertising and to provide analyses. Your data is only made available to us in aggregated and encrypted form.
Please note that this service may transfer personal data outside the European Union/the European Economic Area to so called “third countries” that do not provide an adequate level of data protection. Please see Section 10 of this Privacy Policy for associated risks. Below is a list of third countries to which the personal data may be transferred (this may be for various purposes, such as storage or processing):
U.S / Singapore / Chile / Taiwan
Where necessary, so-called Standard Contractual Clauses are concluded for such a transfer for the services used.
Learn more about
Google Analytics cookies
.
How to control cookies
You can withdraw your consent to the storage of cookies (and similar technologies), except in relation to “Strictly necessary cookies”, at any time by changing your cookie settings via the link at the footer area of our website.
Further, you can decide whether or not to accept cookies (all categories) through your internet browser's settings. To explore what cookie settings are available to you, look in the "preferences" or "options" section of your browser's menu (please also see Section 2 B and 7 B of this Privacy Policy).
If you use several devices/browsers, you must carry out the opt-out/deletion of cookies on each individual device/browser. If you delete all cookies in your browser, this will also delete the opt-out cookies, so that it may be necessary to carry out the opt-out again. Further, if you delete all cookies, your experience on the website may be degraded.
F. Your Data Subject Rights.
You may object at any time to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes.
If the processing is based on consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
If you are a data subject in the EU, you have the following rights:
The right to require free of charge (i) information whether your personal data is retained and (ii) access to and/or (iii) duplicates of personal data retained;
The right to request proper rectification, removal or restriction of your personal data;
Where processing of your personal data is based on legitimate interests according to Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, the right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation at any time.
                    If you object we will no longer process your personal data, unless there are compelling and prevailing legitimate grounds for the processing or the data is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
Where processing of your personal data is either based on your consent or necessary for the performance of a contract with you and processing is carried out by automated means, the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have your personal data transmitted directly to another company, where technically feasible(data portability);
Where processing of your personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw your consent at any time without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal or to any other existing legal justification of the processing activity in question; and
The right not to be subject to any automatic individual decisions which produces legal effects on you or similarly significantly affects you.
You may exercise your rights by submitting a written request to us at the address set out in Contact Us in Section 12 above. We will respond to your request within 30 days. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.
Please note that we retain information as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, and may continue to retain and use information even after a data subject request for purposes of our legitimate interests, including as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements (based on Art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR).
If your personal data has been processed by us on behalf of a customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal data, please inquire with our customer directly. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our customer on whose behalf we processed your personal data.We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
G. Complaints and European Representative
If you have a complaint about our use of your personal data or response to your requests regarding your personal data, you may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to address your concerns before you approach a data protection regulator, and would welcome you directing an inquiry first to us. In addition to the contact information above, please contact our:
European Representative (Headquarter)
Exit Games GmbH
Hongkongstraße 7, 20457 Hamburg, Germany
registered number HRB 85991
Data Protection Officer: privacy@photonengine.com
Exit Games, Inc. has appointed Exit Games GmbH as its EU representative for data protection matters (Art. 27 GDPR).
Cookies,
anyone?
We use cookies and related technologies to enhance your experience, show you personalised content and
                analyze performance and traffic on our website.
                By clicking on the „Accept All“ button you consent to the use of non-functional cookies and the subsequent
                processing of personal data to optimize our website and services as described in more detail in our
Privacy and Cookie Policy
.
By clicking on the „Customize or Deny all“ button you can decide otherwise.
                Clicking on the „Customize“ button will take you to a page where you can configure the usage of non-functional
                cookies (and related technologies) or deny all of them. You can access these settings at any time and also
                subsequently deselect cookies at any time in the footer area of our website.
CUSTOMIZE
OR DENY ALL
ACCEPT
ALL
Cookie
Overview
We use the following categories of cookies and related technologies to enhance your experience,
                show you personalized content, and analyze performance and traffic on our website.
                We respect your right to privacy and accordingly you can chose to not allow some types of cookies (and related technologies).
                Click on the different category sliders and change our default settings to manage your cookie settings.
For more information on the specific cookies/related technologies we use and on how we use these,
                please see section 15 E. of our
Privacy and Cookie Policy
.
ACCEPT
ALL
ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY
Authentication cookies we use are required to run our services … Cookies are required:
Privacy and Cookie Policy
REQUIRED
OFF
FUNCTIONAL AND MARKETING COOKIES
These cookies collect anonymous data and allow us to optimize our
                        website and user experience. These cookies are listed here:
Privacy and Cookie Policy
ANALYTICS / TAG MANAGER
Help us to understand how visitors interact with our services, enables us
                        to analyze and improve our services (also through third party analytics).
ON
OFF
DENY
ALL
CONTINUE
WITH SELECTION