INFORMATION
PRIVACY POLICY
WHO PROCESSES YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
WHAT PERSONAL DATA IS COVERED?
WHO RECEIVES YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA?
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
WHAT ABOUT COOKIES?
WHAT RIGHTS CAN YOU EXERCISE REGARDING YOUR DATA?
HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS?
WHAT RULES APPLY TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA WHEN YOU CLICK ON LINKS PLACED ON OUR WEBSITE, REDIRECTING YOU TO EXTERNAL SITES?
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT DETAILS
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
WHO PROCESSES YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
BAI SA
, whose trading name is Brittany Ferries, is the “controller” of the data of a personal nature or personal data concerning you, collected and processed via this website, our mobile applications, on board our ships, at ports and in our call centres, in order to offer you, our services.
The registered office of BAI SA is located at the following address:
Port du Bloscon CS 60072 29688 ROSCOFF cedex
B.A.I.
Bretagne-Angleterre-Irlande
- Limited company with a Management Board and a Supervisory Board with share capital of €26,117,328. Brest Trade and Companies Register 927 250 217 - SIRET 927 250 217 00027 - APE code 5010Z - VAT FR86 927 250 217 - Register of Travel and Accommodation Operators IMO29100011
The terms “Brittany Ferries”, “we” or “our” that we use in connection with this Privacy Policy refer to BAI SA and its subsidiaries. In accordance with the applicable personal data protection regulations, BAI SA is the “data controller”.
BAI SA and its subsidiaries undertake to respect and protect your privacy. To do this, we ensure that the collection and processing of your data complies with the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union and with national legislation.
This Privacy Policy applies to the collection and processing of your data and to your relationship with Brittany Ferries. It is essential to us that you can have confidence in Brittany Ferries.
Details on how to contact the data controller are given at the end of this document.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA IS COVERED?
If you are a ferry customer, an accommodation customer, a potential customer, a passenger or a visitor to our website, during our contracts we collect and process personal data about you and anyone who accompanies you.
When managing your booking
For what purpose?
What is the legal basis?
What categories of data are processed?
Management of the transport contract with the customer and Management of the accommodation contract
Contract  Legal obligation for accounting/tax receipts
Identity/contact details of the main customer and accompanying passengers, connection, personal details, payment information connected to the booking, vehicle registration
Payment management
Contract
Identity/contact details, connection, payment information
Contact management – call transcription, call recording and mail storage
Legitimate interest
Identity, contact details, voice, information sent, email address
Management of fitness to travel procedures
Contract
Identity, contact details, medical certificate of fitness for travel,
Management of on-board service bookings: pre-order in shops, booking tables
Consent
Identity, contact details, service request, booking reference
Management of customer complaints
Contract
Identity/contact details, personal details, financial, booking data
Exclusion list for passengers who have not complied with the general terms and conditions of transport and sales
Contract
Identity, date of birth, exclusion period, exclusion circumstances
Advance Passenger Information
Legal obligation for travel from or to the UK
Identity, official ID number, date of birth, nationality
Provision of passenger lists to port and national authorities
Legal obligation
Identity, date of birth, nationality, gender
Managing your data requests
Legitimate interest
Identity, details of the request, in some cases identity document requested
Participation in marketing-related activities
For what purpose?
What is the legal basis?
What categories of data are processed?
Newsletter subscription
Consent
Email address, identity
Loyalty programme management
Consent
Email address, identity, programme activity
Management of satisfaction surveys, customer knowledge
Legitimate interest or consent depending on the type of survey
Identity, personal details, opinions, data related to the booking or services received
Commercial statistics
Legitimate interest
Identity/contact details, personal details, financial, booking data, customer segmentation according to profile types
Commercial prospecting for customers
Legitimate interest
Identity/contact details
Commercial prospecting for prospects
Consent
Identity/contact details
Commercial prospecting of partners by email to prospects
Consent
Identity/contact details
Website/mobility
For what purpose?
What is the legal basis?
What categories of data are processed?
Web account management
Consent
Identity/contact details, login, marketing preferences, booking history
Request/contact/chat form
Consent
Identity/contact details, request details
Web trackers for securing sites and those necessary for the operation of sites
Legitimate interest
Connection/browsing
Web tracers for statistical monitoring and targeted advertising
Consent
Identity, login/browsing, personal details
Geolocation
Consent via browser
One-off location
Social media web trackers
Consent
Identity, login/browsing, personal details
Managing shopping cart abandonment
Consent
Identity/contact details, login/browsing, marketing preferences
During your trip
For what purpose?
What is the legal basis?
What categories of data are processed?
Embarkation check, identity check  Provision of passenger lists to port and national authorities
Legal obligation
Identity, official ID number, date of birth, nationality
Protection of property and people – CCTV on board ferries in public spaces
Legitimate interest
Image of the person, date and time
Management of events requiring medical treatment on board
Safeguarding the person’s vital interests  Legal obligation to keep an on-board sick bay register
Identity, contact details, state of health, treatment, circumstances of incident
Automatic recognition of the vehicle's registration number (ANPR cameras) during boarding checks, in order to complete the booking information
Legitimate interest
Vehicle registration number of the customer
The information collected for persons under the age of 18 is limited to their name, nationality, date of birth and official ID, and can only be provided to us by an adult. If a 16- to 18-year-old is travelling independently, we will need to gather more information to put the travel contract in his or her name.
We may need to collect information about your health if you are a vulnerable customer, or if you have restricted mobility, to meet your needs, to provide you with an appropriate service, or if you need medical care during your journey.
With regard to your credit/debit cards, we do not store the cardholder's data, in accordance with the regulations in force.
WHO RECEIVES YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We share your personal data with internal and external recipients, subject to the following conditions:
a. In order to provide the best service, we may share your personal data and give access to authorised personnel of Brittany Ferries, including:
Ferry crew
The teams in charge of bookings and following-up on bookings, as well as the port teams using the Brittany Ferries reservation tools
IT services
Sales and marketing services
Medical services, if applicable
Legal services, if applicable
As a general rule, any competent person within Brittany Ferries authorised according to their duties to have access to certain specific categories of personal data.
b. Regarding service providers and partners – your personal data may be transmitted to third parties:
External service providers: Brittany Ferries uses service providers to operate its websites and applications and to provide you with the services and products offered, and in particular:
IT subcontractors
for payment: bank, insurance, third party certifying payment,
for marketing services: marketing monitoring, sending newsletters, printers.
The Port Rosslare team is therefore an external service provider.
Business partners for your hosted stay, if you have booked this type of product. We share your personal information with providers whose business is related to accommodation such as hotels, owners and managers of holiday rental properties and, where applicable, activity providers. Please note that the accommodation providers may contact you for additional information if necessary to facilitate your booking or to provide related services.
Verified review provider: We use a verified review provider to allow customers to review their purchase. Trustpilot is a verified review portal. After a booking or trip, a sample of customers will be invited to leave a review. You do not have to leave a review. More information on how your data is managed by Trustpilot can be found at
https://uk.legal.trustpilot.com/for-reviewers/end-user-privacy-terms
c. We may also be required to send your information to the authorities if required by law or as part of an investigation and in accordance with applicable regulations.
Depending on the country, to protect your health, public health workers could ask us for your contact information whenever they suspect a communicable disease on board the ferry you travelled on. Your information will help public health workers contact you if you have been exposed to a communicable disease. Your information is intended to be stored in accordance with applicable laws and used only for public health purposes. Depending on the country, we are also asked to provide passenger lists before departure and at the time of departure to port, local or national authorities.
d. Transfers of your data to a third country.
In order to provide you with our services, we share your data with BAI SA subsidiaries located in the European Union (France, Spain and the Republic of Ireland), as well as in the United Kingdom.  The latter is recognised by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of personal data protection. Transfers of personal data from the EU to this third country may be carried out without specific supervision. This decision will be reassessed with a renewal of the decision in 2024.
We may use service providers located outside the European Union (in particular in the United States). In this case, we put in place appropriate protective measures to protect your personal data, in accordance with data protection regulations, in particular by signing the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA?
Brittany Ferries takes appropriate technical and organisational measures, in accordance with applicable legal provisions, to protect your personal data against unlawful or accidental destruction, accidental alteration or loss, unauthorised access or disclosure.
Some specific examples of security measures implemented include, but are not limited to:
automated cyberattack protection systems are active,
the level of security of websites is audited by companies that are experts in the subject,
cyber security experts can get involved to deal with security incidents,
the HTTPS protocol is used on all our websites,
when submitting credit/debit card data during a booking, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology is used to ensure a secure transaction.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
We only retain your personal data for the period necessary for the purposes set out in this policy and which we believe customers would consider reasonable, or in accordance with applicable law.
Main purposes of processing
Data retention periods
Managing your transport contract
Accounting obligation to keep invoices for 10 years / 7 years depending on the country. Retention in customer database 6 years after end of commercial relationship, then anonymisation
Recording of telephone calls
Three months to one year under local law if the call was recorded
Contacts at the call centre: calls, email, chat
Two years from the date of contact
Prospecting and marketing activities for prospects
Three years from the end of your business relationship with us.
The exclusion list for passengers who have not complied with the general conditions of transport and sales
Maximum five years from the registration date depending on the nature of the event
CCTV on board in public areas
From a few days, up to one month.
Cookies
13 months maximum from their deposit on your computer or terminal; some are only valid for the time of your visit to the sites.
The sick bay register
30 years from the date of the event
Analysis of browsing data on our website and mobile applications
See the cookie policy
WHAT ABOUT COOKIES?
Cookies can be installed on your computer or mobile device based on preferences you have expressed or can express at any time. Please read our
cookie policy
for more information.
WHAT RIGHTS CAN YOU EXERCISE REGARDING YOUR DATA?
Within the limits and conditions authorised by the regulations in force, you may:
access your personal data processed and obtain further information on the characteristics of the processing we carry out,
have your personal data corrected, updated and erased, it being specified that the erasure can only be carried out when (i) the data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were processed, (ii) you withdraw your consent and there is no other legal basis for the processing, (iii) you object to the processing of your personal data and there is no compelling legitimate reason for the processing (iv) it has been demonstrated that your personal data has been processed in an unlawful manner,
object to the processing of your personal data based on a legitimate interest,
object to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes,
receive the personal data you have provided to us or ask us to transmit this to a third party when the processing of your personal data (i) has been carried out by automated means and (ii) is based on your consent or on the performance of a contract binding us,
request the restriction of processing of your personal data
withdraw your consent to processing based on your consent,
give instructions regarding the retention, erasure and communication of your personal data after your death,
lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS?
For reasons of confidentiality and protection of personal data, you must prove your identity when exercising your rights by clearly indicating your surname, first names, booking reference and any useful information enabling us to identify you (such as the email address corresponding to your online account).
In some cases, if in doubt, we may ask you to also provide us with a copy of an official identity document, such as a valid identity card or passport, as you prefer.
You must also provide us with the email address or postal address to which you wish to receive the response.
You can write to us at the address below that applies to you or by sending an email.
Country of residence
Address
Email
France
Brittany Ferries Service Satisfaction Clients - Port du Bloscon - B.P. 72 - 29688 Roscoff cedex, France
data.request@brittany-ferries.fr
Spain
Brittany Ferries al Departamento de Administración, Estación Marítima 39002 Santander, Spain
data.request@brittany-ferries.es
Other
Brittany Ferries Customer Services, Millbay, Plymouth, PL1 3EW, UK
data.request@brittany-ferries.com
WHAT RULES APPLY TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA WHEN YOU CLICK ON LINKS PLACED ON OUR WEBSITE, REDIRECTING YOU TO EXTERNAL SITES?
On our sites, you will find various links to the websites of our partners (accommodation, social networks, etc.).
We would like to draw your attention to the fact that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the processing of your personal data carried out by our partners or other third parties, which may occur when you visit their websites, and that we are not responsible for such data processing. If you would like information on how these partners and third parties process your personal data, we invite you to consult their privacy policy and contact them.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
contact_dpo@brittany-ferries.com.
If you feel, after contacting us, that your rights are not being respected, you can send a complaint online or by post to the supervisory authority.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy. We therefore recommend that you check it regularly, especially when booking.
Version dated 16 September 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://uk.legal.trustpilot.com/for-reviewers/end-user-privacy-terms:
For Reviewers
Guidelines for Reviewers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use for Consumers
Guidelines for Business
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
Data Processing Agreement
Subprocessors
U.S. Privacy Laws Supplement
HIPAA Business Associate Addendum
Privacy Policy
Content Refresh Guidelines
Legal Brand Guidelines
SEO requirements for partners
Code of Ethics
Action We Take
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy
Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy
Modern Slavery Code of Conduct
Copyright Dispute Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
March 2025
March 2025
December 2024
November 2024
January 2023
April 2022
December 2021
September 2020
July 2020
September 2019
Version 14.0, effective 11 March 2025
We value your privacy. With this policy, we set out your privacy rights and how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your personal data.
Terms we use in this policy
When we say “Trustpilot”, “we”, “our”, or “us”, we mean Trustpilot A/S, Pilestraede 58, 5th floor, DK-1112 Copenhagen K, which is the entity responsible for processing your personal data.
When we say “website”, “platform” or “service”, we mean all of Trustpilot’s websites, applications and other services.
When we say “public personal data”, we mean personal data published on our website which anyone on the internet and allowed on our site can access, and when we say “private personal data” we mean personal data we don’t publish on our website.
Third-party websites
Our platform contains links to other websites, but that doesn’t mean we endorse those websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies for these third-party websites because their procedures for collecting, handling and processing personal data might be different to ours.
When you write a review, the review and your Trustpilot profile will be visible to anyone who visits our platform. When someone clicks on your profile, they can see your country location and all the reviews you’ve written, including the locations and products you’ve reviewed, and any photos or videos submitted with your reviews. Similarly, if you’re a business user and reply to a review about your company, this will also be visible on our platform. We consider all of this information to be public personal data. You can share as much or as little personal information as you want when creating your Trustpilot profile and username.
Personal data is any information that relates to an identifiable individual. When you create a Trustpilot user account, write a review, create a business account on behalf of your company, or otherwise use our platform or services, we may collect and process personal data about you. Please see the “Who may access your personal data?” section for more information about who can access it.
We ask you not to share any sensitive personal documents or personal data with us, such as information revealing ethnic origin, religious beliefs, or health information, of yourself or others.
We may collect the following public and private personal data:
User account information
: Your username, photo, country location.
Information about reviews and ratings,
including
:
Which business you reviewed.
Which product you reviewed.
The date you wrote your review.
Whether you wrote a service review, a location review, or a product review.
Your review content and star rating.
Your product photos or videos (if you provide them together with your product review).
The location of the business you reviewed.
The date of your experience with the business you wrote the review about.
Information about finding reviews “useful”
: how many people find your review “useful”, and if you click “useful” on someone else’s review.
Social networks:
You can connect your Trustpilot profile with your social media profiles, for example, Facebook (“social network”). When you do this, we automatically collect selected information about you from your social network, depending on what information you have made available on that social network and your privacy settings for sharing such information on that social network. We may collect the following information:
Name and/or username.
Profile photo.
Before your request to connect your Trustpilot profile with a social network profile is carried out, you’ll be told which information we will collect from that social network. You can disconnect your social network profile from your Trustpilot profile via your Trustpilot account at any time. Trustpilot will then remove your social network unique ID, and disconnect/revoke Trustpilot from your social network. However, your social network profile picture will remain on your Trustpilot profile unless you change it and we will retain your name and email address.
If you are a Trustpilot business account holder, we may also collect the following public personal data:
Business account information:
Your company name and domain, and certain other information you choose to add to your business profile, such as details about the type of services your company offers, your company address, and country.
Replies to reviews from your business account:
Your name, company details, the information you state in the reply to a review, the date you wrote your reply.
User account information
: Your password and your preferred language.
Contact information:
Your name and email address or any other contact details you may provide to us from time to time, whether provided directly to Trustpilot or from social networks.
Information about reviews and ratings, including:
The dates you wrote your review, made any edits, or deleted the review.
Your reference number, order ID or similar (if you or the business provided one). If we ask you to provide information or documentation to verify your experience, and you send us such documentation, we will collect and process the documentation for the purpose(s) stated in the request.
Device and location information:
Your IP address, browser settings (the type of browser you use, browser language, time zone), and location.
Usage and profiling information:
Your Trustpilot search history, how you've interacted with our platform, or emails we send to you, including time you spend on our site, features or functions you’ve accessed, metadata and event data, marketing emails you’ve opened and links you’ve clicked.
Information about views:
How many people read your review.
Your verification data:
Data provided during the
verification process for consumers
:
Your first and last name.
Images of the documents you submitted.
Number and date of expiry of the documents you submitted.
Information about questions you asked on a business’s website:
Which business you asked a question.
The product you asked the question about.
The content of the question.
The date you asked the question.
The business’s response to the question.
Data provided in response to a request for information by a business:
Businesses can ask reviewers about them and their experiences, including via our “Request Information” tool. If you choose to respond, we will share any information you provide with the business, including but not limited to your full name, phone number, email address, and reference ID.
Preferences information:
Selected preferences associated with your account, including specific consents you have given or declined, newsletters or similar email preferences and cookies containing your preferences.
Communication information:
Includes communications we receive from you such as review notifications, feedback, help requests and queries via email, and other electronic communication methods, as well as metadata associated with those communications, such as time and date.
Call recordings
: All inbound and outbound telephone or video calls made to or by Trustpilot may be recorded for training, quality control and compliance purposes. Personal data (for example, name and contact details) revealed during a telephone call will be digitally recorded to deliver appropriate services.
Chrome extension
: If you download our Chrome extension, we may collect the following information:
A session ID allocated to you, which we may be able to link to your Trustpilot account if you have one.
Data relating to your use of the Chrome extension, such as page URLs where you have interacted with the Chrome extension, and your Chrome extension preferences and settings, such as how you choose to display the Chrome extension on your browser.
Browser and device information, such as details about your language settings, browser version, timezone, and screen resolution.
If the session ID links to your account, we may associate data relating to your use of the Chrome extension and browser and device information to you.
If you are a Trustpilot business account holder, we may also collect the following private personal data:
Business account information
: Your password.
Information about reports and replies to reviews from your business account:
Your name, company details, which review you reported, the reason for the report, the date of the report. Some of this information may be aggregated and displayed on your business’ Trustpilot page.
Your verification data:
Data provided when
confirming details about your business
, such as:
Your name.
Your email address.
Images of the documents you submitted.
Number and date of expiry of the documents you submitted.
The personal data that we process is primarily collected directly from you when you provide your details to create an account with us, or your usage and profiling information, meaning your interaction with our platform, services or marketing emails, such as by leaving reviews or posting replies to reviews.
Sometimes we're given information about you from third parties. For example, when you sign up for a Trustpilot account via Facebook, your account is automatically pre-filled with the information we receive from them. Similarly, when a business asks us to send a review invitation to you on their behalf, they give us your name, email address and a reference number, such as an order ID or similar. And we may receive information from third parties for the purposes of fraud and investigation.
We also generate or collect information from your computer or device automatically as you use our services — like your IP address, your location, information about the device and browser you're using to access Trustpilot, or your usage and profiling information, such as your interaction with our platform or marketing emails, or use of our other services.
A data controller decides how and why your personal data is used and is responsible for ensuring it is handled properly. A data processor acts on a data controller’s instructions to process your data. These definitions come from the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679).
If you've been sent an invitation to write a review about a business that uses our services (either by us or them directly), or have provided information to a business via the “Request Information” tool, the business will be the data controller in respect of that data and Trustpilot will be the data processor. If you have any questions, or wish to exercise your rights with respect to personal data used to send review invitations to you, you should contact the relevant business or businesses directly, as they are responsible as data controllers.
In respect of all other personal data associated with our platform, such as information you provide when you create an account, leave a review, or submit a reply, Trustpilot A/S, is the data controller. Depending on which of our services our business customers use, they may also be data controllers of your data, such as the reviews you write, your username, and your date of experience.
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
Provide our services to you, including displaying your reviews and giving you access to your user account and our platform, or providing you with access to your company’s business account and our website.
Identify you as a registered user when you log into our platform and revisit our platform.
Improve our platform and services and develop product features.
Respond to your questions and provide customer service.
Send you our newsletters.
Personalise your experience on our platform, for example, to tailor content and recommendations based on your interactions with our services.
Engage in various internal business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud detection and content moderation, developing new products and services, improving or modifying our platform and our services, including our TrustBoxes, identifying usage trends and insights, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
Train our staff and for quality control purposes, helping us improve the quality of our services.
Exercise or comply with our own legal rights or obligations in connection with legal claims, or for compliance, regulatory and auditing purposes, where necessary. For example, we may retain information where we are required by law, or if we are compelled to do so by a court order or regulatory body.
If you have a Trustpilot user account, we may also use your personal data to:
Invite you to leave a review of Trustpilot.
Pass on a message from the business you reviewed or the business that invited you to review a service experience or a product via our platform.
Contact you if we’ve identified that your review might breach our
Guidelines
and, if necessary, ask you to provide documentation to verify your review or experience.
Contact you to tell you how many times your review was read and whether other users find your review useful, or otherwise provide feedback concerning your user account or your review.
Enforce our
Terms of Use for Consumers
.
If you have a business account on behalf of your company on Trustpilot, we’ll also use your personal data to:
Notify you about a review of your company or products you offer.
Verify the legitimacy of your replies to reviews.
Inform you if your reply to a review is reported for containing content which is against our guidelines or is otherwise inappropriate.
Enforce our
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
.
We may also use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
We may use automated means, including machine learning and artificial intelligence to conduct the above purposes.
We need to process your personal data to:
Perform our contract with you or your company.
Exercise and comply with our own legal rights and obligations and operate an online review platform in compliance with applicable legal acts.
Pursue our legitimate business interests, including but not limited to operating our website and business and providing our services to you. Where we process your personal data based on a legitimate interest we will only do so where the processing is relevant, adequate and limited to what is necessary for the purpose it was collected for. And of course, we'll always ensure our legitimate interests don't unfairly impact on your own rights and freedoms.
Perform a task carried out in the public interest.
Establish, exercise or defend legal claims, where necessary.
In circumstances where you have expressly given your consent for us to process your personal data, for example, when subscribing to our newsletters or accepting certain cookies on your device, you are free to revoke your consent at any time, either by using the functionality provided within the appropriate product feature or by contacting us (see ‘Contact us’ below). However, please be aware that we may have the right to continue to process your information if it can be justified on one of the other legal bases mentioned above.
You have the right to object to how we process your personal data, or ask us to restrict the processing. Please see ‘Your rights’ below, for more details.
Your public personal data on Trustpilot (for both reviewers and business users)
We share your public personal data on our platform so that others can read about your experience with a specific business. Remember that if you’ve selected to use your real name as your username, this could reveal your identity on our public website. Please see this Help Center article for more guidance regarding your public personal data.
Similarly if you’re a business user, depending on the information you decide to include on your public Trustpilot profile, this will be considered public personal data and will be accessible to anyone visiting the Trustpilot website.
Your private personal data on Trustpilot (for both reviewers and business users)
Some Trustpilot employees will have access to your data to help facilitate everything within the ‘Why and how we use your personal data’ section of this privacy policy. However, Trustpilot operates on principles in which access is limited to those who have a genuine work-related need.
If you are a consumer and you have been sent a review invitation via our platform by one of our business customers, they will have access to your data within their Trustpilot Business account. If you write a review on Trustpilot in response to an invitation sent by a business via our review invitation services, that business will be able to match your review with their invitation. As a reminder, our business customers are data controllers of this data and you should reach out to them if you have any questions.
Your personal data shared with independent third-party services, websites and businesses
One of Trustpilot's main goals is to maximise the visibility, availability, and utility of reviews and related content to the world. We therefore permit various independent third parties to access public personal data including, without limitation, usernames, user profile information, review content, and replies to reviews by businesses (as further outlined in the ‘Personal data we collect’ section of this privacy policy) via Application Programming Interfaces and other programmatic data transfer methodologies available through our platform, and to use and incorporate such public personal data into their own products and services. This increases the potential audience, and consumers’ and businesses’ knowledge of, Trustpilot and of consumer reviews and the valuable insights they provide. We make public personal data available to such third parties in this way only where they agree to data licence terms which implement protections appropriate for the data and the rights of the relevant data subjects. Please see the ‘Your rights’ section below for information about opting out of certain parts of this data sharing.
The types of third-parties that may access, use and incorporate such public personal data includes:
Search engines, and other interfaces that return information in response to user queries (including AI powered systems);
Businesses you wrote a product or service Trustpilot review for, either by invitation or not;
Online platforms where, in Trustpilot’s assessment, it would be helpful or relevant for users to search for and access reviews and related content including, without  limitation, consumer portals and business portals such as price comparison websites and shopping guides;
Application partners and platforms, such as Prestashop, Magento, Shopify, WooCommerce;
Social networks; and
Any other third party who enters into a licensing agreement with Trustpilot to access public personal data.
If you choose to respond to a reviewed business’s request for information (for example, via our
“Request Information” tool
), this information is sent directly to the business requesting the information. Sometimes we'll need to
ask for documentation
in order to verify your experience. For example, when our dedicated software flags your review and removes it from Trustpilot. We will never share your documentation with the reviewed business, however in certain circumstances if you have a reference number, order ID or similar, we may pass that on to the business, unless you ask us not to.
Your personal data shared with data processors
We share your personal data with selected third parties (including Trustpilot subsidiaries and other companies within the Trustpilot group, and companies we work with to provide our services) that provide us with a variety of different services that support the technical operation of our platform and the delivery of our services ("data processors"). These third parties are data processors for the personal data for which we are the data controller. We have data processing agreements in place with the data processors, and it follows from these agreements that they must act solely in accordance with our instructions. We may instruct the data processors to process data in accordance with this policy and for the purposes of using the platform.
We carry out checks to ensure that data processors have taken reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect against the information being accidentally or illegally destroyed, becoming lost or deteriorating, and to protect against the information being disclosed to unauthorised persons, being misused, or in other ways being processed in violation of data protection laws.
Some of these data processors and third-party services will be located in countries outside of the one in which you are based and may have different, or less stringent, data protection standards. However, subject to the local laws in these countries, we will ensure that necessary safeguards are in place to protect your data, regardless of location. We do this through a combination of appropriate technical, organisational and administrative security measures, and by putting in place the necessary legal contracts to back up these requirements. For example, we will only transfer European users’ personal data outside the European Economic Area where a European Commission-approved method of validating the transfer has been put in place.
Other disclosures
In addition to the above, we share your personal data with the following parties and in the following circumstances:
To comply with laws or to respond to claims, legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas and court orders) and requests from public and government authorities.
To cooperate with regulatory bodies and government authorities in connection with investigations or case referrals.
To third parties in connection with the enforcement of our
Terms of Use for Consumers
,
Guidelines for Reviewers
,
Terms of Use and Sale for Businesses
, and
Guidelines for Businesses
.
To third parties in order for us to protect our operations or those of our affiliates.
To third parties to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
To third parties in order for us to pursue available remedies, or limit damages that we may sustain.
To third parties in order for us to investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and misuse of our platform.
To third parties in the event of any reorganisation, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business or assets (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We only keep your data for as long as we need it, or are required to for legal reasons. This depends on why it was collected, and if we have a continuing legal basis to do so (such as to fulfil a contract between us, perform a service you requested, meet legal requirements, or for our legitimate interests). When we no longer have a valid reason to keep your data, we'll either delete it or anonymise it so that it doesn't identify you. We treat data differently depending on what it's used for, but you can delete your personal data or ask us to do that for you at any time (see ‘Your rights’ below).
Personal data you provide, including your reviews, is kept for as long as you have a Trustpilot account, or as needed to provide you with our services. If you delete your Trustpilot account, we retain certain information we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. Reasons we might retain some data for longer periods of time include (but are not limited to) security, fraud and platform abuse prevention, complying with legal or regulatory requirements, and defending our legitimate business interests.
Keeping your personal data secure is our highest priority. We use various organisational, technical and administrative measures to protect your personal data within our organisation and we regularly audit our system for vulnerabilities. However, since the internet is not a completely secure environment, we can’t ensure or warrant the security of the information you transmit to us. Emails sent via the platform may not be encrypted, and we therefore advise you not to include any confidential information in your emails to us.
We’re always working to improve
our security practices and policies
, and we will update this information as these practices evolve over time.
We use cookies and similar technologies to help deliver, optimise, personalise and analyse our services, and for advertising purposes.
We use a combination of cookies and other technologies, such as pixels and tracking codes, to collect information for use in line with the purposes set out in this policy.
What’s a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or device, via your web browser, at the request of the websites you visit or applications you use. Cookies record things like your preferences and settings, which help give us the information we need to provide you with the most consistent and relevant experience. We also use cookies to record information about experiments or new improvements we might test to track how you use our services and find out whether they were effective.
Cookies on our website may be set by us, third parties we're working with, or independent third parties, such as advertisers.
What are pixels?
Pixels are small, transparent image files inside a web page or email. We use them to understand how you interact with our services, including marketing emails.
What are tracking codes?
Tracking codes are snippets of code placed in the page to measure things like visits and interactions. We use tracking codes to find out more about how you interact with our services, the adverts you see and more generally, how you use our platform.
Please see our
Cookie Policy
for more information and details of the types of cookies and similar technologies we use.
If we hold personal data about you, you have rights in relation to this data as set out below.
These rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law, or have an overriding legitimate interest, to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority. For more information about how to do that, please see the
Privacy section of our Help Center
.
Access and download your personal data
You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not Trustpilot A/S is processing personal data about you, and, where it is, access that personal data, as well as other information about the data. For more information about how to do that, please see the
Privacy section of our Help Center
.
If you have a business account on Trustpilot, or if you don’t have an account at all, you can email privacy@trustpilot.com and request information about your personal data.
Correction and deletion of your personal data
If any of the personal data we have about you is incorrect or misleading, if your personal data changes or if you no longer wish to appear on the platform, you can
correct, edit or delete
the information yourself via your Trustpilot user account. Otherwise, you are welcome to email privacy@trustpilot.com requesting to correct or delete your information.
See ‘How long do we store your personal data?’ for more information on deleting your data.
Right to object
We may share your public personal data with certain partners (see “
Your personal data shared with independent third-party services, websites and businesses
”). Where your rights override our interests, you can opt-out of us sharing such data by completing
this form
.
Other rights
In addition to the rights set out above concerning your personal data, you also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, and the right to have the processing of your personal data restricted (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, for example the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes).
Where we have asked for your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time. You may withdraw your consent either by using the functionality provided within the appropriate product feature or by contacting us (see ‘Contact us’ below). If you ask to withdraw your consent to Trustpilot processing your data, this will not affect any processing which has already taken place at that time.
Please note that the above rights are not absolute and might be limited. For example, we may not comply with your request if fulfilling it would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law, or have compelling legitimate interests, to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority. For more information about how to do that, please see the
Privacy section of our Support Center
.
This section provides additional details about the personal data we collect from consumers in the U.S. who are afforded rights under applicable state data protection and privacy laws. These laws include, but are not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act, the Florida Digital Bill of Rights, the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act, the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, the Nebraska Data Privacy Act, the New Jersey Data Protection Act, the New Hampshire Act Relative to the Expectation of Privacy, the Oregon Consumer Data Privacy Act, the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, and any other state or local laws applicable to U.S. residents’ data. These laws may be amended, repealed, or replaced over time (the “U.S. Privacy Laws”).
When we say personal data in this section, we mean “personal data” or “personal information”, as defined in the applicable U.S. Privacy Laws.
For more details about the personal data we collect, please see ‘Personal data we collect’ above. We collect this data for the purposes described in ‘Why and how we use your personal data’ above. We share this data with the categories of third parties described in ‘Who may access your personal data’ above.
Under the U.S. Privacy Laws you have a number of rights over the personal data we hold about you and we are committed to exercising those rights, where they apply. For more details about your rights in relation to our processing of your personal data, please see ‘Your rights’ above.
In accordance with the U.S Privacy Laws’ requirements, we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. You may make a request pursuant to your rights by contacting us via email (privacy@trustpilot.com) or by mail using the contact details set out below. We will verify your request using the information associated with your account, including the email address. You may designate an authorised agent to exercise these rights on your behalf.
Trustpilot may transfer your personal data to third parties who enter into licensing agreements with us and to our partners for things like displaying personalised ads to you or to deliver improvements to our service. Under U.S Privacy Laws you may request to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal data to third parties. To manage your privacy preferences and opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal data, please use the features provided to opt out on our dedicated
Do Not Sell or Share My Information
site. You can also contact us via email (privacy@trustpilot.com) or by mail using the contact details set out below.
Trustpilot will never sell your private personal data for profit, however, to comply with the U.S. Privacy Laws where we transfer it to our partners for activities including, but not limited to,displaying personalised ads to you, licensing our data (see “
Your personal data shared with independent third-party services, websites and businesses
”) or to deliver improvements to our service, we allow you to opt out. We only engage in this kind of data transfer where we believe it benefits you by providing you with a better experience, quality of service or to deliver content that you may be interested in.
Our platform is not directed to children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect personal data from such children. If you become aware that a child under the age of 18 has provided us with their personal data, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
We may change this policy from time to time. Laws, regulations, and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our services or business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed.
If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, we will provide additional notice, such as via email or through our platform. Your continued use of our platform or services after we publish or send a notice about the changes to the policy will mean that you accept and agree to the updated policy.
We aim to make this information as clear and transparent as possible. But if you still have questions about how we process your personal data, or would like to exercise your rights under our policy, you're welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@trustpilot.com
.
You can reach us by mail at:
Trustpilot A/S,
Pilestraede 58, 5th floor,
1112 Copenhagen K,
Denmark
CVR no.: 30276582
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have further options, for example you may lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority such as the Danish Data Protection Agency. You can read more about it in the
Privacy section of our Help Center
.
You can also find additional resources about data privacy in our
Help Center
.
Back to top
are you human?