Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated Date: November 4, 2024
Version Effective Date: November 4, 2024
Thank you for using Pofi Brush (the “Services”). Pofi Brush (meaning Pofi Brush mobile application and other products) is an art and painting tool product provided by
Pofi Entertainment Network Technology Co., Ltd.
(hereinafter the "we") to users ("users" or "you") . Pofi Brush respects your personal information and data, and we will do our best to protect your privacy and the security of your data. This policy applies solely to information and data collected and stored by Pofi Brush.
This Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) describes:
The types of information we may collect or that all users or others may provide while downloading, installing, registering with, accessing, or otherwise using (“Users”, “you” or “your”, as applicable) our mobile application Pofi Brush (“Pofi Brush” or “application”).
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect in Pofi Brush and via email, text, and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with Pofi Brush.
We undertake to build Pofi Brush and any of its features in such a way that it respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy not only allows you to understand what we do with your Personal Data (as defined below), but also to manage your Personal Data effectively.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. By downloading, installing, registering with, accessing or using (“Using”) Pofi Brush, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not Use Pofi Brush.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Photos. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Automatically Collected Information:
The Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. We also collect behavioral application event data for analytics: access dates and times, app features or pages viewed, app crashes and other system activity and information.
User Provided Data:
By using the Services, You may provide Pofi Brush with personal information like Your email address, user name, billing information, favorites, image outputs, and text that You enter, or  images that You upload to the Service.
We also collect content submitted by users to us, such as bug reports, customer support communications. transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; information you provide us when you contact us for help; and information you provide when you register and create an account. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us. When you optionally register with the Application, you provide email address and password.
Disclosure & Sharing
All data we collect is stored in a secure manner and shared with third parties only when this is necessary to enable the functionality of the application's offerings.
Pofi Brush does not control third party platforms, websites or online services, and Pofi Brush is not responsible for their actions. These platforms, websites and online services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. Pofi Brush encourages you to read the privacy policies of these platforms, websites and online services to find out more about how your usage data may be used by these vendors.
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
We share data with our 3rd party. Here are links to privacy policies if required:
· Google Firebase: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/#firebase_is_gdpr_ready , https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/
· Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/business/gdpr
· Amplitude: https://amplitude.com/amplitude-security-and-privacy
· Crashlytics: https://docs.fabric.io/apple/fabric/data-privacy.html, https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf
· Sashido: https://www.sashido.io/policies.html
· AppsFlyer: https://www.appsflyer.com/services-privacy-policy/
· SearchAdsHQ: https://searchadshq.com/legal/privacy-policy/
· RevenueCat: https://www.revenuecat.com/gdpr
· Superwall: https://superwall.com/privacy
Security
Pofi Brush processes your data using computers and/or other IT enabled tools. Pofi Brush takes technical and organizational measures to ensure the information is processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of information, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage. For example, Pofi Brush uses verified contractors that might have access to the data as specified in the Privacy Policy with which the relevant data processing agreements are signed. We also guide and train our personnel to process your data securely according to our internal data protection policies.
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
· To facilitate our Service;
· To provide the Service on our behalf;
· To perform Service-related services; or
· To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we can not guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
By accessing the Services, You confirm that You are at least 13 years old and meet the minimum age of digital consent in Your country. If You are old enough to access the Services in Your country, but not old enough to have authority to consent to our terms, Your parent or guardian must agree to our terms on Your behalf.
Please ask Your parent or guardian to read these terms with You. If You are a parent or legal guardian, and You allow Your teenager to use the Services, then these terms also apply to You and You are responsible for Your teenager’s activity on the Services.
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at brush@pofiapp.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and updating the 'Updated DATE' text at the top of this page. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at brush@pofiapp.com.