Privacy Policy The Sky by Redshift
Thank you very much for using the application software The Sky by Redshift published by USM, along with the potential services related to that software. The Privacy Policy terms stated below describe what data is collected during the use of some of our applications.
We appreciate your confidence. We always employ extreme diligence to implement the highest security standards that ensure your personal data are protected from any unauthorized access.
Terms of Use
United Soft Media Verlag GmbH – hereinafter referred to as “USM” – grants you the single, non-exclusive right to use the software on your individual device for your personal use only.
The term “software” comprises the complete application, along with all its individual elements, in particular the program itself, and other contents such as texts, images, information, or similar elements, as well as any updates provided by USM.
Warranty
We herewith inform you that – based on the current technical conditions – we produce software that aims for running error-free in the greatest possible configurations and applications. Thus, we warranty the software that is used according to the description of the product, in its intended purpose, in its up-to-date version on the designated device for the market purpose.
Privacy Notice
1. Data protection at a glance
General information
The following information provides a simple overview about what happens with your personal data when using our App The Sky by Redshift and the in-app-subscription The Sky Premium. We have minimized the collection of data. Personal data are all data that may identify you. For detailed information on the topic of data protection, please read our Privacy Notice below.
How we collect your data
Data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you use our App. Such data include, for example, technical data (e.g. IP address or the time the page was accessed). These data are collected automatically as soon as you use our App.
How we use your data
We collect data to ensure that the contents of the App, as well as the operation, maintenance and optimization of the associated online platforms and the App, are provided flawlessly.
Your rights regarding your personal data
You have the right to receive information about the origin, the recipients and the purpose of your personal data stored with us. This information may be requested at any time and free of charge. Furthermore, you have the right to request rectification, blocking or erasure of these data. If you would like to exercise any of the aforementioned rights or have any further questions concerning the topic of data protection, you may always get in touch with us using the address stated in the Legal Notice. Moreover, you are entitled to file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
2. General information and mandatory information
Data protection
This Privacy Notice applies to the “The Sky by Redshift” mobile App for iOS and Android (hereinafter referred to as “App”) and the in-app-subscription “The Sky Premium”. It explains the method, purpose and scope of the data collection in connection with the use of the App. We take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential as well as in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Privacy Notice.
Different personal data are collected when you use this App. Personal data are data that may identify you. The present Privacy Notice contains explanations on the data we collect and why we use them. Furthermore, it explains the purpose of this collection.
We point out that online data transmission can be subject to security loopholes. It is not possible to fully protect your data from being accessed by third parties.
Information regarding the party responsible
The party responsible for data protection is
United Soft Media Verlag GmbH
Thomas-Wimmer-Ring 11
80539 Munich
Germany
Tel.: +49 / 89 / 290 88 175
Fax: +49 / 89 / 290 88 160
Email:
info@usm.de
(“
USM
” or “
we
“) and those companies affiliated with USM that obtained your consent to using your personal data.
The party responsible for data protection is the natural person or legal entity that decides, either solely or jointly with others, upon the purposes and means of the processing of personal data (e.g. names, email addresses or the like).
Right to file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority
In the event of any infringements of the data protection regulations, the data subject has the right to file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. The supervisory authority responsible for issues concerning data protection matters is the Federal Data Protection Officer of the federal state in which our company has its registered office. A list of all Data Protection Officers and their contact details is available at:
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html
.
3. Data Protection Officer
Mandatory appointment of a Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer for our company.
Fabian Henkel
Diplom-Betriebswirt (FH)
Kantstraße 14
71277 Rutesheim
Tel.: +49(0)71632744172
Email: info(at)externer-datenschutzbeauftragter-stuttgart.de
4.
Data collection in connection with the use of the App
In connection with the use of the App, personal data are collected primarily in the following manner:
Your data are collected automatically by our systems or the service providers commissioned by us, e.g. analysis data for usage statistics or debugging.
Your data are collected due to the permissions required by this App and granted to us.
4.1 Data collected automatically by our systems or the service providers commissioned by us
Usage data for using the App
Unique device IDs (e.g. IDFV for iOS devices and
Android ID for Android devices)
IP address, country of installation (from the IP address) and language
Device manufacturer, type of design pattern (iOS, Android, Mac, Windows etc.) and operating system
Application or bundle ID (“App ID”) of the product installed
Unique advertising IDs for iOS and Android devices (e.g. IDFA or Android Ad ID)
Downloaded contents / packages with assignment of IP addresses
IP addresses will be stored for 6 months and then deleted. Usage data will be stored for a longer period of time when available in an aggregated and anonymized form.
The collection of these data occurs for the purposes of operating and optimizing the App and on the basis of Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. f GDPR, which permits the processing of data when necessary for the fulfillment of a contract or precontractual measures and the purposes of legitimate interests.
4.1.1 Apple AppAnalytics (for iOS devices)
App Analytics is an analysis service provided by Apple Inc. (Apple Inc., Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA). We use App Analytics, an analysis service provided by Apple. This service is used to analyze mobile apps in an anonymized form. It may collect various statistical data on the use of the App.
https://developer.apple.com/app-store/app-analytics/
The service collects statistical, anonymous data on the use (e.g. duration and frequency of use) and performance of the App (e.g. error analysis) as well as for the purpose of user acquisition (e.g. affiliate programs). Apple Inc., Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA
The user behavior is analyzed on the basis of Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit f GDPR. The party responsible has a legitimate interest in analyzing the user behavior for the purpose of optimizing their offer.
4.1.2 Google Play Developer Console Statistics (for Android devices)
Google Play Developer Console is an analysis service provided by Google (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA).
Google Play Developer Console is an analysis service provided by Google Inc. („Google“). Google uses the collected data to track and analyze how the App is used, to create reports on your activities and to use these along with other Google services.
The service uses statistical, anonymous data on the use (e.g. duration and frequency of use) and performance of the App (e.g. crash logs for error analysis) as well as device data.
The user behavior is analyzed on the basis of Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit f GDPR. The party responsible has a legitimate interest in analyzing the user behavior for the purpose of optimizing their offer.
4.2 Data collected due to the permissions required by this App and granted to us
To provide our services via the App, we need the permissions listed below. These allow us to access certain functions of your device. We cannot access these data unless you have given your explicit consent (opt-in). You may grant these permissions in the course of installation. Thus, these data are processed exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. a GDPR).
Access to your storage
Reason: The contents you selected in the App will be saved on your device, which is why the App requires access to your media storage. It is not possible to access the media storage of your device unless you have given your consent. Thus, the access occurs on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. a GDPR).
This consent may be revoked at any time by uninstalling the App.
How to revoke your permission when using Android:
Please uninstall the App for this purpose.
How to revoke your permission when using iOS:
Please uninstall the App for this purpose.
Access to your location
Reason: The contents you selected in the app access the location of your device, which is why the app requires access to your location if you have given your consent. This permission is required to access the exact location of the user’s device. In order to be able to offer location-based services, the app may collect, use and share the user’s location data. The user’s geographical location is determined in a discontinuous manner. This means that it is impossible for the app to identify the user’s exact location on a continuous basis.
It is not possible to access your location unless you have given your consent. Thus, the access occurs on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. a GDPR).
This consent may be revoked at any time. Proceed as follows.
How to revoke your permission when using Android:
1. Tap on Settings
2. Tap on Permissions
3. Tap on Storage
4. Scroll to the APP and disable / revoke the permission for the location
How to revoke your permission when using iOS:
1. Tap on Settings
2. Tap on Privacy
3. Tap on Storage
4. Scroll to the APP and disable / revoke the permission for the location
5. In-app purchases
The app contains the In-app-subscriptions “The Sky Premidum”. Payment is made via the account associated with the respective Store (Apple, Google).
We can assign these purchases to your user account. Information on how to prevent in-app purchases is provided by your App Store. In-app purchases are offered and collected on the basis of legitimate interests (Art. 6 lit. f GDPR).  The operator has a legitimate interest in marketing their offer.
Updated in February 2024
Systemcookies
(always required)
↓
1 service
Unsere System Cookies
(always required)
purpose: Systemcookies
Marketing
These services process personal information to show you relevant content about products, services or topics that you might be interested in.
↓
1 service
Google Tag Manager
purpose: Marketing
Statistics
↓
1 service
Google Analytics
purpose: Statistics
Enable or disable all services
Use this switch to enable or disable all services.