Terms and Conditions (& Social Media Comp. T&Cs)
OVERVIEW
This website is operated by Golden Discs. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Golden Discs. Golden Discs offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
SECTION 1 - ONLINE STORE TERMS
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
SECTION 2 - GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
SECTION 3 - ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
SECTION 4 - MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
SECTION 5 - PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (if applicable)
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
SECTION 6 - ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.
SECTION 7 - OPTIONAL TOOLS
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input.
You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.
Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).
We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.
SECTION 8 - THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
SECTION 9 - USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
SECTION 10 - PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy. To view our Privacy Policy.
SECTION 11 - ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
SECTION 12 - PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
SECTION 13 - DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.
In no case shall Golden Discs, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
SECTION 14 - INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Golden Discs and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
SECTION 15 - SEVERABILITY
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
SECTION 16 - TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
SECTION 17 - ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
SECTION 18 - GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Republic of Ireland.
SECTION 19 - CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICE
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 20 - CONTACT INFORMATION
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at info@goldendiscs.ie.
RETURNS POLICY:
This policy refers to our online store only, in the case of returns to store, please refer to the store of purchase directly.
Our policy lasts 30 days. If 30 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging.
To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase.
Please do not send your purchase back to the manufacturer.
There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted (if applicable)
Book with obvious signs of use
CD, DVD, VHS tape, software, video game, cassette tape, or vinyl record that has been opened
Any item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for reasons not due to our error
Any item that is returned more than 30 days after delivery
Refunds (if applicable)
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.
If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days.
Late or missing refunds (if applicable)
If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.
Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.
Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.
If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at info@goldendiscs.ie.
Sale items (if applicable)
Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded.
Exchanges (if applicable)
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged. If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at info@goldendiscs.ie and send your item with an enclosed note detailing the exchange reasons to: Golden Discs Returns,
FREEPOST FDN 5280, 1 Block 4, Dundrum Town Centre, Sandyford Rd, Dundrum, Dublin 16 T210, Ireland.
Gifts
If the item was marked as a gift when purchased and shipped directly to you, you’ll receive a gift credit for the value of your return. Once the returned item is received, a gift certificate will be mailed to you.
If the item wasn’t marked as a gift when purchased, or the gift giver had the order shipped to themselves to give to you later, we will send a refund to the gift giver and he will find out about your return.
Shipping
To return your product, you should mail your product to: Golden Discs, 1 Block 4, Dundrum Town Centre, Sandyford Rd, Dundrum, Dublin 16, Ireland.
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.
Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.
If you are shipping an item over €40, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.
Social Media Competitions Terms and Conditions
The promoter is Golden Disc Group Ltd., t/a Golden Discs, whose registered office is at 36 Upper Fitzwilliam Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.
The competition is open to residents of the Republic of Ireland aged 18 years or over except employees of Golden Disc Group Ltd., their close relatives and anyone otherwise connected with the organisation or judging of the competition.
There is no entry fee and no purchase necessary to enter this competition. However, the entrant must be following @GoldenDiscs on the relevant channel in order to enter.
By entering this competition, an entrant is indicating his/her agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.
Route to entry for the competition and details of how to enter are via the @GoldenDiscs profiles on Facebook, Instagram or Twitter unless otherwise stated.
An individual can enter multiple times once they do not flood the feeds of the channels. Flooding the feeds will be considered spamming and the entrant will be disqualified.
Closing date for entry will be within 2 weeks of posting. After this date the no further entries to the competition will be permitted.
No responsibility can be accepted for entries not received for whatever reason.
The rules of the competition and how to enter are posted on each relevant channel.
The promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend the competition and these terms and conditions without notice in the event of a catastrophe, war, civil or military disturbance, act of God or any actual or anticipated breach of any applicable law or regulation or any other event outside of the promoter’s control. Any changes to the competition will be notified to entrants as soon as possible by the promoter.
The promoter is not responsible for inaccurate prize details supplied to any entrant by any third party connected with this competition.
The prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. The prizes are not transferable. Prizes are subject to availability and we reserve the right to substitute any prize with another of equivalent value without giving notice.
Golden Disc Group Ltd. will judge the competition and decide on the winner of each competition, which will be picked at random from all complete entries. Winners will be chosen at random from all entries received and verified by the promoter.
Golden Disc Group Ltd.’s decision as to those able to take part and selection of winners is final. No correspondence relating to the competition will be entered into.
The winner will be notified by reply to their comment on the relevant channel / platform within 28 days of the closing date. If the winner cannot be contacted or do not claim the prize within 14 days of notification, we reserve the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick a replacement winner.
Golden Disc Group Ltd. will notify the winner when and where the prize can be collected / is delivered. In the event of a delivery, the winner will need to supply an Eircode to confirm the delivery of the package, this can be found by using
eircode.ie
.
The promoter’s decision in respect of all matters to do with the competition will be final and no correspondence will be entered into.
The competition and these terms and conditions will be governed by Irish law and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland.
The winner agrees to the use of his/her name and image in any publicity material, as well as their entry. Any personal data relating to the winner or any other entrants will be used solely in accordance with current Irish data protection legislation and will not be disclosed to a third party.
The winner’s name will be available 28 days after closing date by emailing the following address:
info@goldendiscs.ie
Golden Disc Group Ltd. shall have the right, at its sole discretion and at any time, to change or modify these terms and conditions, such change shall be effective immediately upon posting to this webpage. Entry into the competition will be deemed as acceptance of these terms and conditions.
This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or any other Social Network. You are providing your information to Golden Disc Group Ltd. and not to any other party. The information provided will be used in conjunction with the following Privacy Policy found at
goldendiscs.ie/pages/privacy-policy
Golden Disc Group Ltd. also reserves the right to cancel the competition if circumstances arise outside of its control.
By entering this competition, an entrant is indicating his/her agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.goldendiscs.ie/pages/privacy-policy:
Skip to content
Left
Continue shopping
You have no items in your cart
DVDs sold at Golden Discs are for REGION 2 only and will NOT play outside the EU.
Privacy & Cookie Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
WHO ARE WE?
When we refer to ‘we’ (or ‘our’ or ‘us’), that means Golden Discs Limited. Golden Discs Limited is based in Ireland.
For details on the privacy policy for the Golden Discs loyalty program/app please click
here.
PRIVACY POLICY OVERVIEW
This Privacy Policy describes how and why we, as a Data Controller, might obtain, store and process your personal data when you use our services ('the services').
‘Personal data’ means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
We commit to processing your personal data fairly, lawfully, and transparently.  Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have questions in addition to the information provided in this Privacy Policy at info@goldendiscs.ie.
THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
Depending on the type and level of engagement you have with us, we may collect the following categories of personal data:
Identifying and Demographic Information:
such as your full name, date of birth, email address and phone number (if provided)
Billing Information:
such as payment preferences, address, bank account details (if provided)
Communications:
such as a records of our interactions with you using one or multiple of the following; direct messages, emails, posts, phone conversations
User Feedback:
while using our services, occasionally you may be asked to provide feedback. Providing this feedback is entirely optional.
When you visit our website, we collect technical data such as:
Usage data:
(if permitted) we collect certain information related to your device, such as your device’s IP address, what pages your device visited, and the time that your device visited our website (for more information please see 'Analytics' section)
Cookies:
(if permitted) your IP Address and other information provided to us by cookies (for more information please see our cookie policy).
Our services are designed for a general audience. We will not knowingly collect any data from children under the age of 16 or sell products to children. If you are under the age of 16, you are not permitted to use or submit your data to the website.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
We may collect your personal data in one of the following ways:
When you buy products/services using our online checkout
When you visit our website
When you contact us for service related queries
When you engage with us on social media
When you review our services
When you interact with our website (see our cookie policy for more details)
When you subscribe to our newsletter or blog
We may also receive data about you from various third parties, including:
Technical data from analytics providers.
Please see further information in the section entitled ‘Analytics'
Technical data from our website and cookies providers.
Please see further information in the section entitled ‘Cookies'
Contact and/or transactional data from our trusted third-party providers.
Please see further information in the section entitled ‘How We Share Your Data'
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only collect and process your personal data where we have a legal basis to do so. As a data controller, the legal basis for our collection and use of your personal data varies depending on the manner and purpose for which we collected it. We will only collect personal data from you when:
We have your
consent
to do so, or
We need your personal data to
perform a contract
with you, or
We are
pursuing our legitimate interests
in a way that you might reasonably expect to be a part of running our business and that does not significantly impact your interests, rights, and freedoms. For example, communicating with you if we have a sufficient legal ground based on the e-marketing laws in your country
We
have a legal obligation
to collect or disclose personal data from you (for example, in suspected instances of fraud we may need to give personal data to relevant government bodies).
Why We Process Your Personal Data
We process your personal data in order to fulfill any of the activities below:
Setting up an account with us (Legal basis: Performance of a contract)
Providing, operating, and maintaining our services (Legal basis: Performance of a contract)
Providing marketing communications to existing customers or subscribed users (Legal basis: Consent or Legitimate Interest)
Processing and completing transactions, and sending related information, including transaction confirmations and invoices (Legal basis: Performance of a contract)
Managing our customers’ use of our services, responding to enquiries and comments, and providing customer service and support (Legal basis: Performance of a contract or Legitimate Interest)
Sending customers technical alerts, updates, security notifications, and administrative communications (Legal basis: Performance of a contract)
Analytics to improve our website, products, services, and features for a better user experience. (Legal basis: Legitimate Interest or Consent - see the "Our Use of Analytics" section for more information)
Investigating and preventing fraudulent activities, unauthorised access to our services, and other illegal activities (Legal basis: Legal Obligation)
Email marketing (if applicable): Where we have a legal basis, we may send emails about our store, new products, and other updates (Legal basis: Legitimate Interest or Consent - see our “Marketing Preferences” section for more information).
Text marketing (if applicable): We may send text messages about our store, new products, and other updates. Updates include Checkout Reminders. The website uses webhooks and cookies (with your consent) to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart including when you have abandoned your cart and this information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via SMS (Legal basis: Legitimate Interest or Consent - see our “Marketing Preferences” section for more information).
HOW WE SHARE YOUR DATA
We sometimes share your personal data with our trusted categories of third parties we use to conduct our business. Our trusted categories of third parties include:
Website provider
Cloud service (SaaS) providers
Professional services providers (e.g., our lawyers, accountants, and insurance providers)
E-marketing providers
Advertising providers
Payment providers
Delivery providers
As part of fraud monitoring and prevention, we may be legally required to share your personal data with government bodies and law enforcement. Please note that these bodies may retain a record of the information that we provide to them for this purpose.
MARKETING PREFERENCES
We may send you direct marketing communications, product information and promotional offers:
If you have consented to receiving such communications from us
If we have an existing business relationship with you and can rely on your implied consent
If you are from a country where the laws permit us to send you such communications based on our legitimate interests, if you have bought a product or service from us, and have not opted out of receiving communications from us (for example the EEA or UK)
If you are from a country where the laws permit us to send you such communications
The marketing communications we send will be in relation to our own products or services, your personal data will not be used for third-party direct marketing unless separate explicit consent has been collected for that or you are from a country where the laws permit such processing.
You will always have full control of your marketing preferences. If you do not wish to continue receiving marketing information from us at any time:
You can unsubscribe by using the unsubscribe directions or link included in marketing communication from us; or
You may withdraw your consent by contacting us by e-mail at info@goldendiscs.ie
Customers located in certain regions, such as the EEA and UK, also have the right to object to their personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes at any time. If you would like to object you can contact us by e-mail at info@goldendiscs.ie
We will process all requests as soon as possible, but please note that due to the nature of our IT systems and servers it may take a few days for any opt-out request to be implemented.
OUR USE OF COOKIES
Our website uses cookies. They help us to provide you with the very best experience when you browse our website and to make improvements to our website. You can accept or reject cookies by clicking on the cookie consent banner on our website. See our cookie policy for further details.
OUR USE OF ANALYTICS
We use analytics to continuously enhance our website, products, services, and features, ensuring an improved user experience. To achieve this, we rely on third-party tools and services that provide valuable insights and analysis of user behavior.
These third-party tools help us collect information automatically when you visit our website (where we have a legal basis to do so). The data includes details such as device type, browser, IP address, pages visited, and the date and time of your visit. By analyzing this information, we gain valuable insights into user preferences, interactions, and usage patterns. Through the use of these analytics tools, we can optimize website performance, personalize content, and enhance our offerings to better meet customer expectations.
For example, where users have accepted cookies, we enhance our marketing efforts using Klaviyo's segmentation feature. This allows us to segment our customer base and create targeted marketing campaigns. We categorize customers based on their preferences, behaviors, and purchase history, ensuring that we send personalized and relevant content to individuals (where we have a legal basis to do so). The information used for segmentation may include but is not limited to email addresses, browsing activity on our website, product preferences, order history, and demographic data. This enables us to provide tailored promotions, discounts, and product recommendations, increasing the overall shopping experience for our customers.
If you would like any further information about the data collected by these third parties or the way in which the data is used, please contact us on info@goldendiscs.ie.
OUR USE OF TARGETING ADVERTISING
We use targeted advertising tools to advertise our services, including (but not limited to):
Google Ads
Google Analytics
Meta (Facebook)
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
We use these tools to deliver relevant content to you in marketing communications (where applicable), and to measure the effectiveness of the advertising provided.  For more information about how Google use your personal data please see
Google’s Privacy & Terms site
.
If you would like any further information about the data collected by these third parties or would like to opt-out of targeted advertising, please contact us on info@goldendiscs.ie.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES AND THIRD PARTIES
Our website may include links to social media platforms and other websites. If you follow a link to any of these platforms or websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to their platforms or websites.
SECURING YOUR DATA
The communication between your browser and our website uses a secure encrypted connection wherever your personal data is involved.
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your personal data to protect it against accidental loss, destruction or damage. Nevertheless, any data transmission over the internet or by any other means can never be fully secure, such is the character of the internet, and provision of personal data by you to us is at your own risk. We take all reasonable measures to protect your personal data by putting appropriate technical and operational security measures in place.
When we disclose your personal data to trusted third parties, we require all third parties to have appropriate technical and operational security measures in place to protect your personal data, and we work with them to ensure that your data privacy rights are respected. Where your personal data is shared with a third party, it must only be used for the purposes for which it was supplied.
In the unfortunate event of a personal data breach, we will notify you and any applicable data protection authority when we are legally required to do so.
RETAINING YOUR DATA
We will not keep your personal data for longer than is necessary and when we no longer need to keep it, we will securely destroy, delete or anonymise it.
Having obtained your consent (or other legal basis) to contact you, we will retain your personal data for marketing and analysis purposes until you withdraw your consent or unsubscribe. If you choose to withdraw your consent or unsubscribe from marketing, we will delete your personal data from our systems, unless we have another legal basis to retain it, which may include performance of our contract with you or to maintain your contact details on an 'unsubscribed list' to ensure we do not send you further communications.
We may need to retain your personal data to satisfy our legal obligations, to deal with complaints and queries, in order to resolve, litigate or defend a dispute and to prevent fraud and abuse.
DATA TRANSFERS
We store data on servers located in the European Union. However, the personal data we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, destinations outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") using legally provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the provision of our services to you. We will take all steps necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Please contact us if you want further information on the countries to which we may transfer personal data and the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data outside the EEA – info@goldendiscs.ie
YOUR RIGHTS & OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU
You have rights under data privacy laws and we are committed to you being able to freely exercise your Rights. You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights.
Your rights include, under certain circumstances, the right to:
Be informed: you have the right to be informed if and how your personal data is being processed.
Access, rectification, or erasure: you have the right of access to personal data we hold about you in our records. You are also entitled to have your personal data corrected if it is inaccurate, or to have it erased if we do not have a legitimate reason for retaining your data.
To request data portability: you have the right to obtain a digital copy of your personal data, request the transfer of your personal data to another company or request to move your data from one IT system to another in a safe and secure way. This right only applies to personal data you provide to us, and we process it with your consent or in order to fulfill our contract with you by automated means. It also only applies to the extent that it does not affect the rights and freedoms of others.
To request restriction of processing: you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data where you are contesting the accuracy of that information, you have objected to processing (as described below), or where the processing is unlawful. Where processing is restricted, we may need to retain sufficient information about you to ensure that the restriction is respected in future.
To object to processing: you have the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances such as where your personal data is being processed based on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party.
To object to automated decision-making including profiling: you have the right not to be the subject of any automated decision-making or profiling by us.
To withdraw consent: in cases where we are relying on your consent for the processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. In respect of the e-marketing we conduct, an unsubscribe option is included with every e-marketing communication we send.
To complain to the relevant supervisory authority: should you have any concerns or complaints regarding the way in which we process your data, you also have the right to make a complaint to the relevant European Supervisory Authority. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach a Supervisory Authority, so please do contact us in the first instance - info@goldendiscs.ie. The contact details of European Supervisory Authorities can be found
here
.
HOW TO CONTACT US
We welcome feedback and are happy to answer any questions you may have about your data.
You can contact us at:
Email:  info@goldendiscs.ie
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and we will inform all our paying customers and users subscribed to receive communications from us of any changes.
This privacy policy was most recently updated on 23
rd
October 2023.
COOKIE POLICY
OVERVIEW
To make this website work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too. This policy describes what information cookies on our website gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored, however this may downgrade or limit certain elements of the website’s functionality.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the website. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size, shopping basket and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
When you browse and accept this cookie policy, pieces of code will be stored on your device(s).
Cookies can be personal data.
HOW DO WE USE COOKIES?
The collection of cookies allows us to better understand your interaction with our website and helps us to improve the service we provide to you.
THE COOKIES WE SET
Necessary Cookies:
these cookies help make our website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Preference Cookies:
these cookies enable our website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like the region that you are in.
Statistic Cookies:
these cookies help us, as website owners, to understand how visitors interact with our website by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Marketing & Tracking Cookies:
these cookies are used to track visitors across websites and collect information about your browsing habits. They are used to deliver adverts which are more relevant to you and your interests, to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
In some cases, we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties, who place cookies on your device when visiting our website.
For example, if you have consented to Statistic cookies we use Google Analytics, which is one of the most common and trusted analytics solutions on the internet for helping us to understand how you use our website and ways that we can improve your experience.
These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the website and the pages that you visit using a persistent ID for a single user across multiple devices, so we can continue to produce engaging content.
We have tried to be as clear as possible within this cookie policy. But each third party provider we use to provide our services to you has their own privacy and cookie policies, which will tell you how they use cookies.
As our own cookies and third-party cookies are subject to change, we will do our best to update this policy and our complete and current list of cookies as required.
HOW TO CONTROL COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
MORE INFORMATION
Hopefully this has clarified things for you. However, if you are still looking for more information, then you can contact Golden Discs at info@goldendiscs.ie
This cookie policy was most recently updated on 23rd October 2023.
1
&larr
Welcome to the club…
Become a member
Join our VIP loyalty club for perks, rewards and exclusive access to all our upcoming events
Join Now
Already have an account?
Sign In
Earn stamps for every €10 you spend online or in-store.
For in-store purchases download our APP on
Apple
or
Android
and just scan your receipts with your phone.
Music
Right
Movies
Right
Merch
Right
More
Right
Account
Vinyl
Right
CD
Right
Genre
Right
Hardware
Right
Trending Artists
Right
Pre-order Vinyl
New Release Vinyl
Vinyl Boxsets
Colour Vinyl
3 for €70
7" Vinyl
10" Vinyl
Record Store Day Archive
Record Accessories
ALL VINYL
Pre-Order CD
New Release CD
Chart CD
3 for €25 CD
ALL CD
Irish Country
Irish Popular
Irish Rock
Pop
Rock
Metal
Rap/Hip Hop
Jazz
Classical
K-Pop / J-Pop
Turntables
Headphones
Earphones
Speakers
Taylor Swift
Lana Del Rey
Sabrina Carpenter
Chappell Roan
Eminem
Billie Eilish
Olivia Rodrigo
Linkin Park
DVD
Right
Blu-Ray
Right
4K UHD
Right
Box Sets
Right
Franchises
Right
Pre-Order DVD
Chart DVD
Kids DVD
IRISH FILM
Movies
TV
3 for €25 DVD
Franchises
ALL DVD
Pre-Order Blu-ray
Chart Blu-Ray
2 for €20 (Blu-Ray)
ALL BLU-RAY
Pre-order 4K UHD
2 for €25
ALL 4K UHD
Steelbooks
Pre-order Box Sets
TV Box Sets
Movie Box Sets
HBO
BBC
Kids Box Sets
ALL BOX SETS
Star Wars
Lord of The Rings
Harry Potter
Marvel
Disney
DC
POP! Wearables
Right
Collectables
Right
POP! Home
Right
Toys / Games
Right
T-shirts
Hoodies
Sweatshirts
Headwear
Bags
Socks
Funko POP!
Trading Cards
TUBBZ
Kenji
Keychains
Badges
Lighting
Drinkware
Stationery
Notebooks
Books
Plush
Statues, Figurines And Busts
Jigsaws
Hardware
Right
Gaming
Right
Offers
Right
About
Right
Turntables
Headphones
Earphones
Speakers
Record Accessories
Pre-order Games
PlayStation
Nintendo
XBOX
Gaming Soundtracks
Gift Vouchers
2 for €50 (Vinyl)
3 for €25 (CD & DVD)
2 for €20 (Blu-Ray)
2 for €25 (4K UHD)
2 for €12 (Books)
2 For €40 (T-Shirts)
About Us
Green & Golden
VIP Loyalty Club
Customer Reviews
Blog
Contact Us
Store Locator
Shipping Info
T&Cs
Privacy Policy