By continuing, you agree to the use of cookies or similar technologies to ensure a better user experience and to collect browsing data.
Set cookies preferences
I agree
Privacy policy
Set cookies preferences
Introduction
With the development of new communication tools, it is necessary to pay particular attention to the protection of privacy. That is why we are committed to respecting the confidentiality of the personal information we collect.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect the following information:
- Email address
The personal information we collect is collected through forms and through the interactivity established between you and our website or applications. We also use, as described in the following section, cookies and/or logs to collect information about you.
Forms and interactivity
Your personal information is collected through forms, namely:
- Registration Form
- Contests
We use the information thus collected for the following purposes:
- Saving your progress
- Order tracking
- Information / promotional offers
- Statistics
- Contact Information
Sharing of Personal Information
We undertake not to sell the personal information collected. However, we may share this information with third parties for the following reasons:
- Partnership
If you do not want your personal information to be shared with third parties, you may object at the time of collection or at any time thereafter, as described in the next section.
Right to object and access
We are committed to providing you with a right to object and access about your personal information.
The right to object is defined as the possibility for users to refuse to allow their personal information to be used for certain purposes identified at the time of collection.
The right to access is defined as the possibility for users to consult, modify or even delete information concerning them.
To exercise these rights, you can contact us:
- Through the contact form by clicking on the "Contact us" button at the bottom of the page
- By email to: contact[at]rakame7.com
- By mail to: Rakame 7, 35 grande rue, 38530 Barraux, France
You can remove your account and all data about you at any time from "My account" -> "Update my information" -> "Remove account".
Security
The personal information we collect is stored in a secure environment. The people working for us are required to respect the confidentiality of your information.
To ensure the security of your personal information, we use the following measures:
- SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) protocol
- Access management - authorized person
- Network monitoring software
- Computer Backup
We are committed to maintaining a high level of confidentiality by incorporating the latest technological innovations to ensure the confidentiality of your transactions. However, since no single mechanism provides maximum security, there is always some risk when using the Internet to transmit personal information.
Legislation
We undertake to comply with the legislative provisions set out in French law.
Headlines
Investigations
Phantasm
“A product of fantasy that allows the subject to fulfill their unconscious desires and impulses.”
Forbidden Dinners
A great chef found dead with his head in his plate!
Choose your cookies
When you play French Crime, information may be stored or read in your terminal subject to your choices.
Privacy policy
Mandatory
Necessary cookies
These cookies are essential for the operation of our services and your authentication, they cannot be disabled.
Functional cookies
These cookies improve the user experience, they are used to save your preferences and your time zone.
Analytics cookies
These cookies are used to collect browsing data, they allow us to understand how visitors interact with our platform.
You have a message
Create an account
Allows you to save your progress and appear in rankings.
Continue as guest
×
Home
Investigations
Ranking
Gift cards
About