PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to “SENDLY” mobile application powered by Sendly NBFI LLC. We value your information security. This policy provides a guidance regarding the usage of your personal data. The policy is applicable to all consumers and visitors of our mobile app.  All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, please email us at info@gcredit.mn;
DATA WE COLLECT
We will collect the following information about you:
Personal and financial information you give us when using our Service, such as your address, e-mail address, date of birth, telephone number, bank account number. Under certain circumstances we will also collect and save information obtained from scanned copies of official identification documents, including your Passport or Identification card.
Third party personal information you provide in order for us to facilitate funds transfers, such as your recipient's full name, date of birth, physical address, email address, phone number, and bank account number. However, we will not contact your recipients except as required to complete a transaction. This information is only used for the sole purpose of completing your request or for whatever reason it may have been provided.
Information about your usage of the Service, including your transaction history, and how and to whom you use the Service to send or receive money;
Information that we lawfully obtain from third parties, such as identity verification services, electronic database services, and credit reporting agencies;
Information that we indirectly obtain from you, such as information about the hardware and software you use when accessing the Service, your IP address.
We gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, internet service provider (ISP), operating system, date/time stamp.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you.
You will receive generic ads. You can download our mobile app from Play Store and App Store.
PURPOSES WE USE YOUR DATA
Personal Data held about you will be used for our core business and our marketing purposes, such as follows:
to facilitate your monetary transaction;
to respond to any queries or provide you with information, products or services that you request;
to prevent or detect fraud, including fraudulent transactions, or abuses of our mobile app as part of our efforts to keep our mobile app safe and secure;
to administer our mobile app and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis;
to manage our account and records;
to conduct research and analysis; and
to comply with court orders and applicable laws and regulations such as those relating to “know-your-customer,” and anti-money laundering requirements.
We will retain your information for as long as required to provide the services and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations and to enforce our agreements.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION WITH OTHERS
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell or rent the information we collect to third parties for their promotional purposes. These companies are authorized to use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Nevertheless, we may share information about you (including nonpublic, personal information) with:
Third-party service providers under contract with Sendly NBFI LLC that help us with our business operations, such as transaction processing, fraud prevention, marketing, and validation of information provided. These third parties are prohibited from using your information for their own separate business purposes.
In the event of the sale, acquisition or merger of some or all of our assets, your personal information might be a part of the transferred assets. We shall notify you in the event of such an occurrence, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information, by sending an email to you.
Law enforcement, government officials or other third parties, but only
in connection with a formal request, court order, or similar legal procedure; and,
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, prevent physical harm or financial loss, report suspected illegal activity, or to investigate violations of our User Agreement.
DATA RETENTION
As a regulated financial institution, Sendly NBFI LLC is required by law to store some of your personal and transactional data beyond the closure of your account with us. Your data is only accessed internally on a need to know basis, and it will only be accessed or processed if absolutely necessary.
We will always delete data that is no longer required by a relevant law or jurisdiction in which we operate.
SECURITY
We have put in place SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption technology to protect your sensitive information such as bank account number, and date of birth, transmitted through our mobile app. We also require a username and password from each user who wants to access their information on our mobile app. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Data is treated securely.
You also play a role in protecting your personal information. Please safeguard your username and password for your account and do not share them with others. If we receive instructions using your account sign-in information, we will consider that you have authorized the instructions. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Any changes we may make to this Policy in the future will be updated on our mobile app, and where appropriate notified to you by email.  We encourage you to periodically review the privacy policy for the latest information. If, however, we plan to make a material change in the way we collect, use, or store your personal information, we will provide prior notice by email.
COMPLAINTS
If you have a complaint, contact Sendly Customer Service, online; by phone or by email at service@gcredit.mn.
CONTACT
You can contact us with any questions or concerns at:
Email: Customer Service
Phone number: (976) 70177700