PIZZA MADE IN GOOD TASTE
Explore
Privacy and cookies policy
Gender Pay Gap
Terms & Conditions
Let’s be clear
No nasties in our pizza, no nasties in our work
We like being clear. About where our food comes from and about how we work. We promise to treat your private information as carefully as we treat our dough. And to give the people we work with the same respect we give our pizza. Find out more about our privacy policies, gender pay gap and more below. If reading works up an appetite you know what to do.
Privacy and cookies policy
Contents
Last updated: July 3, 2020
1. Introduction & General Terms
2. When will Franco Manca collect information about me?
3. What information will Franco Manca collect about me?
4. How will Franco Manca use the information it collects about me?
5. Your Franco Manca Account
6. When will Franco Manca contact me?
7. Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?
8. Will Franco Manca share my personal information with anyone else?
9. What if I am a user aged under 16?
10. How long will Franco Manca keep my personal information?
11. Can I delete my data?
12. Can I find out what personal information Franco Manca holds about me?
13. Web browser cookies
a. What is a cookie?
b. How does Franco Manca use cookies?
c. Franco Manca Sharing Tools
d. Franco Manca cookies and how to reject cookies
e. Other information collected from web browsers
14. Apps and Devices
15. Changes to Franco Manca’s Privacy and Cookies Policy
16. Your Rights
17. Compromise of Personal Information.
18. Contacting Franco Manca about this Privacy and Cookies Policy
Privacy and cookies policy
1. Introduction & General Terms
Franco Manca is the trading name of Franco Manca 2 UK Limited reg. 07045067
When we refer to ”we” or ”our” or ” Franco Manca” we are referring to Franco Manca 2 UK LTD or other subsidiary companies that we might have from time to time.
Franco Manca is committed to protecting your and your family’s personal information when you are using Franco Manca services. We want our services to be safe and enjoyable for our customers. This Privacy and Cookies Policy relates to our use of any personal information we collect from you via the following services:
any Franco Manca website that links to this Privacy and Cookies Policy;
social media or official Franco Manca content on other websites;
mobile devices and other Applications (“Apps”);
It also relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us by phone, SMS, email, in letters and other correspondence and in person when visiting our premises.
In order to provide you with the full range of Franco Manca services, we sometimes need to collect information about you.
This Privacy and Cookies Policy explains the following:
what information Franco Manca may collect about you;
how Franco Manca will use information we collect about you;
when Franco Manca may use your details to contact you;
whether Franco Manca will disclose your details to anyone else;
your choices regarding the personal information you provide to us;
the use of cookies on Franco Manca websites and how you can reject cookies
Franco Manca is committed to safeguarding your personal information. Whenever you provide such information, we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all applicable laws concerning the protection of personal information, including the Data Protection Act 1998 and the European General Data Protection Regulation, namely Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 repealing Directive 95/46/EC (these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy and Cookies Policy as the “data protection laws”).
Franco Manca websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third-party websites have their own privacy policies, and are also likely to use cookies, and we therefore urge you to review them. They will govern the use of personal information you submit when visiting these websites, which may also be collected by cookies. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third-party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
Privacy and cookies policy
2. When will Franco Manca collect information about me?
When you visit our website, use your click and collect service to buy products, or redeem vouchers from Franco Manca in a restaurant or online.
When you make an online purchase and check out as a guest (in which case we just collect transaction-based data).
When you make an online delivery purchase through our current or future partners, like Deliveroo.
When you dine with us or purchase a product in a restaurant and don’t have (or don’t use) an account.
When you engage with us on social media.
When you download or install one of our current, or future, apps.
When you join or participate in a current, or future loyalty programme.
When you sign up to receive our newsletters and promotional correspondence.
When you redeem any offers received from promotional channels.
When you purchase or redeem a gift card or gift voucher.
When you contact us by any means with queries, feedback, complaints etc.
When you enter prize draws or competitions.
When you book any kind of appointment with us or book to attend an event, for example master class pizza workshop or a table booking at a restaurant
When you choose to complete any surveys we send you, via email or in restaurant, or reviews on 3rd party websites where you have given your permission to share data with us.
When you fill in any forms. For example, if an accident happens in a restaurant, Franco Manca may collect your personal data.
When you’ve given a third party permission to share with us the information they hold about you.
When you use our restaurants which usually have CCTV systems operated for the security of both customers and staff. These systems may record your image during your visit.
When you apply for a job with Franco Manca or send in your curriculum vitae whether as a result of an available post or speculatively.
When you buy or sell shares in Franco Manca or any group company.
When you make a data subject access request.
Privacy and cookies policy
3. What information will Franco Manca collect about me?
If you book a table at one of our restaurants through our booking service provided by “Bookatable” or a future supplier: your name, your email address, telephone number, booking details, such as booking location, booking time and number of covers.
WIFI If you use our in-restaurant wifi service: your name, your email, telephone number, date of birth and browsing information, such as MAC address, browser type, device type, Log File Information; Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you register with or use our WIFI Access, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such Information. Information gathered using cookies in your web browser. It is important for us to track how our WIFI Access is used, and we (or our service providers) may place “cookies” on your computer or device. Cookies are small data files that identify you when you use the restaurant WIFI, ‘click and collect’ ordering service or the Franco Manca website. You have the option to decline our cookies by using your browsers settings tools but this may affect some aspect of the services.
If you have a ‘Click and Collect’ account with us, which is provided by MyCheck and any future provider: your name, date of birth, billing/delivery address, orders and receipts, email and telephone number. We will also keep a log of your order history and all related transactional data, such as payment method, payment amount and items purchased. For your security, we’ll also keep an encrypted record of your login password/pin.
Details of your visits to our websites or apps, and which site you came from to ours.
Details of your social media profiles and postings.
Payment card information to enable payment for services.
Your comments, feedback and service reviews.
Details of your share ownership in Franco Manca and its group companies.
Your data subject access request and forms of identity provided.
Your image may be recorded on CCTV when you visit one of our restaurants
Other than specified above we may receive personal information about you when you participate in, access or sign up to any of Franco Manca’s products, services, activities or online content, such as newsletters, competitions, loyalty scheme, live chats, message boards, email and mobile notifications, telephone or text, book tickets for a Franco Manca event or create an account using Franco Manca’s online registration system. This can consist of information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone or mobile number, gender or date of birth, as well as information collected about your use of Franco Manca products and services (such as when you last visited our premises, what pages you visit on Franco Manca website and items you have “purchased” when signed in to your Franco Manca account).
If you are the parent or guardian of a child aged under 16, we may process limited personal data about you so you can give consent for the child to access some Franco Manca products or services. We may use your contact details to communicate with you about the child’s account or use of services.
Please note that sometimes we will require you to provide additional personal information, and sometimes sensitive personal information. When we do this we will provide further information about why we are collecting your information and how we will use it.
Where we provide personalised services, we may ask your permission to review third party data about you, for example, your Twitter or Facebook feeds, to get to know you better and to provide more effective personalisation. Some of our services enable you to sign-in via a third party service, such as Facebook. If you choose to sign-in via a third party app, you will be presented with a dialog box which will ask your permission to allow Franco Manca to access your personal information (e.g. your full name, date of birth, email address and any other information you have made publicly accessible). Please note that any information that is not required by the particular service you have opted to use will not be retained by Franco Manca.
Franco Manca collects information about how you use Franco Manca mobile or other Apps, Franco Manca websites or other Franco Manca content online, and the device(s) you use to access the services. This includes collecting unique online identifiers such as IP addresses, which are numbers that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet.
For more information, please see section 15 of this policy, on Franco Manca’s use of cookies and similar technologies, and section 17, on information collected by Franco Manca when you use Franco Manca Apps on your mobile device.
Privacy and cookies policy
4. How will Franco Manca use the information it collects about me?
We want to give you the best possible customer experience. One way to achieve that is to get the richest picture we can of who you are by combining the data we have about you.
We then use this to offer you promotions, products and services that are most likely to interest you. In the case of loyalty scheme members, we’ll also offer you relevant rewards.
The data privacy law allows this as part of our legitimate interest in understanding our customers and providing the highest levels of service.
Of course, if you wish to change how we use your data, you’ll find details in the ‘Your rights?’ section below.
Remember, if you choose not to share your personal data with us, or refuse certain contact permissions, we might not be able to provide some services you’ve asked for.
Franco Manca will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following:
to provide our services, activities or online content, to provide you with information about them and to deal with your requests and enquiries;
to provide responses to queries you raise with us;
to provide you with the most user-friendly online navigation experience;
to provide shareholder registry services;
for “service administration purposes”, which means that Franco Manca may contact you for reasons related to the service, activity or online content you have signed up for, as set out in section 6 below (e.g. to provide you with password/pin reminders, to notify you that a particular service, activity or online content has been suspended for maintenance, to notify you of updates to our Privacy and Cookies Policy or Terms of Use, to let you know if your Franco Manca account has become dormant and to ask if you would like to use it again before we close it);
where we provide personalised services, we may analyse the information you supply, as well as your activity using our products and services, so that we can offer a more relevant, tailored service. For instance, we could use your website viewing history to provide personalised recommendations. If you are signed-in or subscribed to email newsletters, you will receive a personalised service. If you don’t want to receive these services you can unsubscribe from email newsletters or disable personalisation. Please visit Your Account in the Franco Manca Preference Centre to find out more or follow instructions at the bottom of any marketing e-mails you have received from us;
we may also use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individuals are identified) for marketing and strategic development purposes; and where Franco Manca proposes using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first;
If we discover any criminal activity or alleged criminal activity through our use of CCTV, fraud monitoring and suspicious transaction monitoring, we will process this data for the purposes of preventing or detecting unlawful acts. We aim to protect the individuals we interact with from criminal activities;
To comply with our contractual or legal obligations to share data with law enforcement; and
Sometimes, we’ll need to share your details with a third party who is providing a service (such as a table booking agent). We do so to maintain your booking. Without sharing your personal data, we’d be unable to fulfil your booking request.
Privacy and cookies policy
5. Your Franco Manca Account
If you have registered for a Franco Manca account, this will allow you to login to the Franco Manca websites, online services and Apps. These services might be run by the Franco Manca or they could be run by our service providers e.g. MY CHECK (UK) LIMITED or ACTEOL SUPPORT SERVICES LIMITED. To provide you with a seamless experience, it may be necessary to share your personal information between these organisations. We will only share what we need to in order to provide the service you are using.
You might be asked to use your Franco Manca Account on other Franco Manca services to enable you to sign in and seamlessly enjoy Franco Manca services.
Your Franco Manca account will always be covered by the policies of this website. But, please be aware that additional policies may apply if your Franco Manca account is linked to another account.
Privacy and cookies policy
6. When will Franco Manca contact me?
Franco Manca may contact you:
in relation to any service, activity or online content you have signed up for, in order to ensure that Franco Manca can deliver the services, e.g. to verify your email when you sign up for a Franco Manca account, or to help you reset your password/pin or to ask whether you agree to your child’s request for access to certain Franco Manca services);
in relation to any correspondence we receive from you or any comment or complaint you make about Franco Manca products or services;
in relation to any booking you have made or any food orders you have placed;
in relation to any gift cards purchased or held;
in relation to any personalised services you are using;
in relation to any communication you have submitted to Franco Manca, e.g. on Franco Manca message boards or feedback forms or via text or voicemail message;
to invite you to participate in surveys about Franco Manca services (participation is always voluntary);
to update you on any material changes to Franco Manca’s policies and practices; and
for marketing purposes, as set out in section 7.
Privacy and cookies policy
7. Will I be contacted for direct marketing purposes?
Franco Manca will only send you marketing emails, texts, post or contact you on Franco Manca platforms or by phone where you have agreed to or requested this. We offer regular emails to let you know about Franco Manca products, services, news, offers and competitions. From time to time we may also contact you to ask your views on issues affecting Franco Manca. We may personalise the message content based upon any information you have provided to us and your use of Franco Manca products and services.
We may use information which we hold about you to show you relevant advertising on third party sites (e.g. Facebook, Google, Instagram, Snapchat and Twitter). This could involve showing you an advertising message where we know you have a Franco Manca account and have used Franco Manca products and services. If you don’t want to be shown targeted advertising messages from Franco Manca, some third party sites allow you to request not to see messages from specific advertisers on their sites in the future.
There are several ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us:
Click the ‘unsubscribe’ link or ‘opt out’ link or ‘preference centre’ link in any email communication that we send you. We will then stop any further emails from that particular source.
If you have an account, log in into your Franco Manca account, visit the ‘Account Information’ area and change your preferences.
In our apps, you can manage your preferences and opt out from one or all of the different push notifications by selecting or deselecting the relevant options in the ‘Settings’ section.
Contact us using the contact details in section 18 below.
Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are fully updated.
Privacy and cookies policy
8. Will Franco Manca share my personal information with anyone else?
We will keep your information within the Franco Manca group of companies except where disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies, including for child protection reasons) or as described in this section and section 9.
Generally, we will use your information within Franco Manca and will only share it outside Franco Manca where you have requested it or given your consent. However, we may share with third party sites (e.g. Facebook, Google, Instagram, Snapchat and Twitter) some data, with appropriate security measures, to show you relevant advertising on third party sites, as set out in section 7.
Sometimes Franco Manca uses third parties to process your information on our behalf, for example to provide services (e.g. click and collect service) or analysis. Franco Manca requires these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and Franco Manca requires that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes, unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way.
We may transfer personal data that we collect from you to third-party data processors in countries that are outside the European Union such as Australia or the USA.
For example, this might be required in order to fulfil your order, process your payment details or provide support services.
If we do this, we have procedures in place to ensure your data receives the same protection as if it were being processed inside the EU. For example, our contracts with third parties stipulate the standards they must follow at all times. If you wish for more information about these contracts please contact our Data Protection Officer.
Any transfer of your personal data will follow applicable laws and we will treat the information under the guiding principles of this Privacy Notice.
Privacy and cookies policy
9. What if I am a user aged under 16?
Protecting children’s privacy online is extremely important to Franco Manca. Our online services are intended for general audiences and do not knowingly collect any personal information from children. When users identify themselves as being children (i.e. under the age of 16), consistent with applicable law we will not provide a path for them to input personal information or we will in some circumstance obtain consent from parents for the collection, use, and sharing of their children’s personal information (e.g. to participate in a Franco Manca Master Class).
Privacy and cookies policy
10. How long will Franco Manca keep my personal information?
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with Franco Manca. If you delete your Franco Manca account then your personal information is deleted immediately where such data is not required to be kept by law or tax purposes. When information is required to be kept by law or for tax reasons, we will hold such information for 6 full tax years or such longer periods if stipulated by relevant legislation or tax law. Any remaining information is anonymised for analytical purposes. For further information about deleting your Franco Manca account, please see section 11 below.
If you’ve not used your Franco Manca account or any Franco Manca online services for more than five years, it will be flagged as inactive and we’ll contact you to ask whether you want to keep it open. Unless you reply to say ‘yes’ within the stipulated timeframe, we’ll close the account and delete or anonymise the personal data associated with it unless such data include transactional data that is required to be kept by law or for tax purposes.
Privacy and cookies policy
11. Can I delete my data?
If the data we hold about you is not required for us to fulfil a legal obligation, you can delete your personal data by contacting us by email at
privacy@francomanca.co.uk
or through our Contact Us form on our website.
As explained in section 10 above, deleting your Franco Manca account will erase any personal information in your account that we have about you, other than personal data that we are required to keep by law or tax law and it will mean any data we hold about how you have used Franco Manca products and services will be made anonymous.
Privacy and cookies policy
12. Can I find out what personal information Franco Manca holds about me?
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information Franco Manca holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. (We require you to prove your identity with 2 pieces of approved identification). We will use reasonable efforts consistent with our legal duty to supply, correct or delete personal information about you on our files. If you are within the UK, please address requests and questions about this or any other question about this Privacy and Cookies Policy to the Data Protection Officer,
1st Floor,
50-51 Berwick Street,
London W1F 8SJ.
Email:
privacy@francomanca.co.uk
Privacy and cookies policy
13. Web browser cookies
a. What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer, tablet or mobile phone (all referred to here as a “device”) web browser from a website’s computer and is stored on your device’s hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your web browser if your browser’s preferences allow it. Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows. Similar technologies are also often used within emails to understand whether the email has been read or if any links have been clicked. If you continue without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on Franco Manca website. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
On Franco Manca websites and Wi-Fi service, cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor our websites to your interests.
During the course of any visit to a Franco Manca website, the pages you see, along with a cookie, are downloaded to your device. Many websites do this, because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device (and probably its user) has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.
Privacy and cookies policy
b. How does Franco Manca use cookies?
Information supplied by cookies can help us to understand the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience. It also helps us recognise when you are signed in to your Franco Manca account and to provide a more personalised experience. Franco Manca uses this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users. Certain areas of Franco Manca websites may use cookies for a specific reason – for example, to help an online game work effectively on your device.
Privacy and cookies policy
c. Franco Manca Sharing Tools
You will also see embedded ‘share’ buttons on Franco Manca web pages; these enable users to easily share content with their friends through a number of popular social networks. When you click on one of these buttons, a cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through. Franco Manca does not control the dissemination of these cookies. If you continue without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on Franco Manca website. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
Privacy and cookies policy
d. Franco Manca cookies and how to reject cookies
Full information about how the Franco Manca uses cookies, and how to control what cookies are set on your device through the Franco Manca website, can be found on using Franco Manca.
It is important to note that if you change your settings and block certain cookies, you will not be able to take full advantage of some features of Franco Manca services, and we might not be able to provide some features you have previously chosen to receive.
e. Other information collected from web browsers
Your web browser may also provide Franco Manca with information about your device, such as an IP address and details about the browser that you are using. We use information provided by your browser or by the link that you have clicked to understand the webpage that directed you to Franco Manca Online and this may be captured by performance cookies.
If you have any concerns about the way that we use cookies or respect your settings, then please contact us at
privacy@francomanca.co.uk.
Privacy and cookies policy
e. Other information collected from web browsers
Your web browser may also provide Franco Manca with information about your device, such as an IP address and details about the browser that you are using. We use information provided by your browser or by the link that you have clicked to understand the webpage that directed you to Franco Manca Online and this may be captured by performance cookies.
If you have any concerns about the way that we use cookies or respect your settings, then please contact us at
privacy@francomanca.co.uk
Privacy and cookies policy
14. Apps and Devices
When you download or use Franco Manca apps on your mobile device, information may be accessed from or stored to your device. Most often this is used in a similar way to a web browser cookie, such as by enabling the app to ‘remember’ you or provide you with the content you have requested.
Your web browser or device may also provide the Franco Manca with information about your device, such as a device identifier or IP address. Device identifiers may be collected automatically, such as the device ID, IP address, MAC address, IMEI number and app ID (a unique identifier relating to the particular copy of the app you are running).
When you sign in to a Franco Manca app, your sign-in details may be stored securely on the device you are using, so you can access other Franco Manca apps on the same device without needing to enter your sign-in details again.
If you have any concerns about the information which might be accessed from or stored on your device by the Franco Manca, you may wish to only access Franco Manca content through a web browser and review your web browser settings. Visit Using the Franco Manca (“How can I stop my internet browser tracking my info?”) for more information.
Privacy and cookies policy
15. Changes to Franco Manca’s Privacy and Cookies Policy
This Privacy and Cookies Policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to Franco Manca. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use Franco Manca websites to submit personal information to Franco Manca. You can also delete your Franco Manca account at any time – please see section 12 for details. If material changes are made to the Privacy and Cookies Policy, for instance affecting how we would like to use your personal information, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Privacy and cookies policy
16. Your Rights
Here is a list of the rights that all individuals have under data protection laws. They don’t apply in all circumstances. If you wish to use any of them, we’ll explain at that time if they are engaged or not. The right of data portability is only relevant from May 2018:
The right to be informed about the processing of your personal information;
The right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal information completed;
The right to object to processing of your personal information;
The right to restrict processing of your personal information;
The right to have your personal information erased (the “right to be forgotten”);
The right to request access to your personal information and to obtain information about how we process it;
The right to move, copy or transfer your personal information (“data portability”); and
Rights in relation to automated decision making which has a legal effect or otherwise significantly affects you.
Privacy and cookies policy
17. Compromise of Personal Information.
If personal information is compromised because of a breach of security, the Company will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, by email notice, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Privacy and cookies policy
18. Contacting Franco Manca about this Privacy and Cookies Policy
If you any questions or comments about this Privacy and Cookies Policy please contact:
The Data Protection Officer
Address: Franco Manca 2 UK Limited,
1st Floor, 50-51 Berwick Street,
London W1F 8SJ
Email:
privacy@francomanca.co.uk
Gender Pay Gap
Contents
Gender pay gap 2018
Gender pay gap 2019
Gender pay gap 2022
Gender pay gap 2023
Gender pay gap 2024
Gender pay gap
1. Gender pay gap 2018
Last updated: April 5, 2018
Franco Manca welcomes everybody!
At Franco Manca, we believe that everyone has the same opportunity to develop in their role, no matter what gender, age, background, belief or nationality. One of our 4 core values in the business is ‘Welcome Everybody’.
Our teams come from all over the world, with many of our chefs and waiters looking to their colleagues as their surrogate family whilst they are away from home.
To view the whole report download a pdf version below.
Download report
Gender pay gap
2. Gender pay gap 2019
Last updated: April 5, 2019
Franco Manca welcomes everybody!
At Franco Manca, we believe that everyone has the same opportunity to develop in their role, no matter what gender, age, background, belief or nationality. One of our 4 core values in the business is ‘Welcome Everybody’.
Our teams come from all over the world, with many of our chefs and waiters looking to their colleagues as their surrogate family whilst they are away from home.
To view the whole report download a pdf version below.
Download report
Gender pay gap
3. Gender pay gap 2022
Last updated: April 5, 2022
Franco Manca welcomes everybody!
At Franco Manca, we believe that everyone has the same opportunity to develop in their role, no matter what gender, age, background, belief or nationality. One of our 4 core values in the business is ‘Welcome Everybody’.
Our teams come from all over the world, with many of our chefs and waiters looking to their colleagues as their surrogate family whilst they are away from home.
To view the whole report download a pdf version below.
Download report
Gender pay gap
4. Gender pay gap 2023
Last updated: April 5, 2023
Franco Manca welcomes everybody!
At Franco Manca, we believe that everyone has the same opportunity to develop in their role, no matter what gender, age, background, belief or nationality. One of our 4 core values in the business is ‘Welcome Everybody’.
Our teams come from all over the world, with many of our chefs and waiters looking to their colleagues as their surrogate family whilst they are away from home.
To view the whole report download a pdf version below.
Download report
Gender pay gap
4. Gender pay gap 2024
Last updated: April 5, 2024
Franco Manca welcomes everybody!
At Franco Manca, we believe that everyone has the same opportunity to develop in their role, no matter what gender, age, background, belief or nationality. One of our 4 core values in the business is ‘Welcome Everybody’.
Our teams come from all over the world, with many of our chefs and waiters looking to their colleagues as their surrogate family whilst they are away from home.
To view the whole report download a pdf version below.
Download Report
Terms & Conditions
Contents
Dulwich Hamlet F.C. 10% off
Dulwich Hamlet F.C. 20% off on match days
Kids eat free
Lunch deal pizza + drink
Manchester Pass 10% off
Gift Cards
Franco Manca APP
Unidays
Blue Light Card & Defence Discount Service Card
Speak Up London 20% off
Plymouth local businesses 20% off
King Club 10% off
Liverpool 1,000 free pizzas
Terms and conditions
1. Dulwich Hamlet F.C. 10% off
Last updated: September 1, 2022
10% off food and drink (alcohol included) at Franco Manca East Dulwich for season ticketholders and trust members on non-match days.
Valid for Season Ticket Holders or Trust Members
Valid ID required
Valid 7 days a week
Available at East Dulwich Franco Manca only.
Available on eat-in only. Offer no valid on takeaway or delivery.
The promoter is Franco Manca 2 UK Limited, 1stFloor, 50-51 Berwick Street, London, W1F 8SJ (the “Promoter” or “Franco Manca”). Franco Manca reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time.
There is no cash alternative.
This offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer except the Franco Manca loyalty scheme.
Terms and conditions
2. Dulwich Hamlet F.C. 20% off on match days
Last updated: September 1, 2022
20% off food and drink (alcohol included) at Franco Manca East Dulwich on Dulwich Hamlet match days.
Valid for those customers who are Dulwich Hamlet F.C. season ticket holders, trust members, match day ticket holders or those who are wearing a Dulwich Hamlet F.C. shirt or club colours.
Available at East Dulwich Franco Manca only.
Available on eat-in only. Offer no valid on takeaway or delivery.
The promoter is Franco Manca 2 UK Limited, 1stFloor, 50-51 Berwick Street, London, W1F 8SJ (the “Promoter” or “Franco Manca”). Franco Manca reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time.
There is no cash alternative.
This offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer except the Franco Manca loyalty scheme.
Terms and conditions
3. Kids eat free
Last updated: November 17, 2022
One free kids pizza per full price adult main meal
Child must be 12 years old or under to participate
Available Monday to Thursday only at the following restaurants: Stoke Newington, East Dulwich, Balham, Kilburn, Bishops Stortford, Cheltenham, Hove, Manchester Didsbury and Peterborough
Offer applies to individual kids pizza only, and does not apply to the kids menu
Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer
Valid for eat-in only. Not valid for phone collection, Order & Collect or delivery
Terms and conditions
4. Lunch deal pizza + drink
Valid for eat-in only at participating restaurants:
Balham, Bath, Battersea, Belsize Park, Birmingham, Bishop’s Stortford, Blackheath, Bournemouth, Bristol, Broadway Market, Bromley, Cardiff, Cheltenham, Chichester, Chiswick, Ealing, Earl’s Court, East Dulwich, Exeter, Greenwich, Hove, Islington, Kentish Town, Kilburn, Lincoln,
Peterborough, Piccadilly Gardens Manchester, Plymouth, Putney, Southampton, Southfields, Stoke Newington, Tooting, Trafford Centre Manchester and Westbourne Grove.
Not valid for phone collection, Order & Collect or delivery orders
Valid Monday to Friday only, 12pm-4pm
Gluten free base incurs an additional charge
Mozzarella can be swapped for Violife vegan cheese free of charge
Deal 1: Pizza 2,3,4,5 or 6 and a soft drink for £12
Soft drinks included in the deal are: Lemonade, Coca Cola, Diet Coke, Coca Cola Zero, Sparkling Water, Still Water, Apple Juice, Orange Juice, Tonic, San Pellegrino Aranciata, San Pellegrino Limonata, Fevertree Lemonade
Deal 2: Pizza 2,3,4,5 or 6 and a house alcoholic drink for £14.50
Alcoholic drinks included in the deal are: No Logo Craft Lager, No Logo Pale Ale, Apple Cider, Lucky Saint Non Alcoholic Beer, Insolia 175ml, Nero d’Avola Rosso 175ml, Nero d’Avola Rosato 175ml
Franco Manca operates Challenge 25 and the restaurant manager reserves the right to request ID or proof of age; please drink responsibly
Terms and conditions
5. Manchester Pass 10% off
Get 10% off your bill when you show a valid Visit Manchester Pass QR code to a member of our staff at the beginning of your meal
Offer valid in the following restaurants only: Franco Manca King Street Manchester, Franco Manca Piccadilly Gardens Manchester, Franco Manca Didsbury Manchester, Franco Manca Trafford Centre Manchester.
Offer valid from Sunday to Thursday only
Valid for dine-in only. Not valid for phone collection, takeaway, order & collect or delivery.
Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer
A 10% optional service charge will be applied to the bill at the end of your meal
These terms & conditions are subject to change
Terms and conditions
6. Gift Cards
Last updated: November 27, 2020
Where can I buy a Gift Card?
You can buy Franco Manca Gift Cards from all our pizzerias in the UK, or you can buy them
online
.
How do I activate my Gift Card?
This will automatically be activated when you purchase it.
How do I register my Gift Card?
Register your card at
fmgiftcard.co.uk
to check your balance and ensure balance protection in case your card is lost, stolen or damaged. You will need the long card number and the pin on the card in order to register.
How much do Gift Cards cost?
It is up to you how much money you load on to the Gift Card, it can be any value from £10 to £50.
When I purchased my Gift Card I was given a receipt, do I need to include this receipt with the Gift Card to tell my recipient how much is on the card?
No, you do not need to include the receipt as this is not needed for redemption, however it’s worth holding onto the receipt yourself in case you need to
contact us
.
Can I add more money on to my Gift Card?
Yes you can. Simply head to your local pizzeria and ask one of our team to top up.
Do I have to spend the full value on my Gift Card all in one go?
No, you may make as many transactions as you like until the value on the card is spent.
Can I use my Gift Card for online ordering/ click and collect?
No, unfortunately our Gift Cards cannot currently be used for
Order & Collect
or on Delivery platforms.
If I don’t have enough money on my Gift Card to cover the whole of my bill can I part pay with the Gift Card?
Yes, you can pay as much as you like from your Gift Card. For example if you have £10 on your Gift Card and your bill is £20 you can pay £5 from the Gift Card and pay the remaining £15 in cash or with a debit or credit card.
Franco Manca Gift Card Terms & Conditions
This card can be used by the holder as part or full payment directly at any Franco Manca restaurant in the UK mainland only. Not valid on Order & Collect, Deliveroo & Uber Eats. Please present this card when paying. This card cannot be used to pay tips or gratuities.
This card cannot be refunded or exchanged in part or as whole for cash or credit. No change will be given, though any balance may be applied to future purchases, provided that the card has not expired.
Register this card at fmgiftcard.com/register to check balance and ensure balance protection in case your card is lost, stolen or damaged. Franco Manca cannot be held liable for balances of credit on any unregistered card.
This card will expire 12 months from date of purchase or most recent top up and any balance remaining on expiry will be reduced to nil and forfeited.
Franco Manca may refuse the sale of alcohol or any other item to a gift card holder at its sole discretion.
This gift card can be activated with a minimum value of £10.
This card is not a credit or debit card.
Franco Manca reserves the right to amend the terms & conditions of this service at any time.
Franco Manca 2 UK Ltd. Registered Address: 1st Floor, 50-51 Berwick Street, London, W1F 8SJ, Registered No.070445067.
For large orders or corporate enquiries please
contact us
.
Buy a gift card
Terms and conditions
7. Franco Manca APP
Last updated: October 4, 2019
The Franco Manca Loyalty and Order and Collect terms and conditions of service (the “Terms”)
Franco Manca 2 UK Limited (“Franco Manca”, “Company”, “us”, “our” or “we”) a company registered in England at 1st Floor, 50-51 Berwick Street, London, W1F 8SJ with registration No.07045067
Thanks for your interest in Franco Manca.
These terms and conditions governs your use of (i) our website, located at: www.francomanca.co.uk and operated by the Company (“Website”); (ii) the desktop and mobile web application software, developed, owned and operated by 5Loyalty for an on-line order and collect and payment solution at order.francomanca.co.uk via desktop browsers, Apple iPhone, Apple iPad and Android devices (“Web O&C Application”); (iii) the desktop and mobile application software, owned by Franco Manca and developed by and operated by 5Loyalty Ltd for a loyalty and table ordering solution via desktop browsers, Apple iPhone, Apple iPad and Android devices (“Mobile and Web Application”); and (iv) any related services thereto (together “The Franco Manca Application Services”).
Before you use the Website, Web O&C Application, or the Mobile and Web Application, please read these terms and conditions carefully. If you do not accept these terms and conditions in full please do not use The Franco Manca Application Services.
The Franco Manca Application Services are not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 16. A user must be at least age 16 to access and use the Franco Manca Application Services. If you are between the ages of 16 and 18, you may only use the Sites under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms.
In order to participate in certain areas of our Franco Manca Application Services, you will need to register for an account. You agree to (a) create only one account; (b) provide accurate, truthful, current and complete information when creating your account; (c) maintain and promptly update your account information; (d) maintain the security of your account by not sharing your password with others and restricting access to your account and your computer; (e) promptly notify Franco Manca if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches relating to the Franco Manca Application Services; and (f) take responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and accept all risks of unauthorised access.
Use of your personal information submitted via The Franco Manca Application Services is governed by our Privacy Policy, which can be found on
www.francomanca.co.uk
We may revise these terms at any time by amending the terms on our website https://www.francomanca.co.uk/legal/#terms-and-conditions. Please check these terms from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you.
If you have any questions relating to these terms and conditions please contact Franco Manca at
www.francomanca.co.uk
before you use The Franco Manca Application Services.
Information about us:
The Franco Manca Application Services is operated by Franco Manca 2 UK Limited, a company registered at 1
st
Floor, 50-51 Berwick Street, London, W1F 8SJ, England with registration number 07045067 and VAT number 190011551.:
Purpose
The purpose of The Franco Manca Application Services is to:
Provide a virtual wallet for the customer to participate in the Franco Manca Loyalty Scheme collecting stamps and rewards to use in Franco Manca Restaurants;
Provide a Order and Collect takeaway service; and
Provide information about our restaurants and to provide a simple and convenient Order and collect service from our menu.
We outline the service terms and conditions as outlined below.
The Franco Manca Application Services
Registering and creating your account
In order to make purchases or participate in the Franco Manca Loyalty Scheme using The Franco Manca Application Services, you must register for an account (“Account”) and fill out a registration form. This is so that we can provide you with easy access to perform various functions on The Franco Manca Application Services, including the ability to order and pay at restaurant, view your past purchases, to store any credit cards, collect stamps, use rewards and to modify your preferences.
By registering for an Account confirm that:
you are eligible to enter into binding contracts;
you have a valid email address;
you are over 18;
you have a valid UK mobile phone number; and
If you are using Order and Collect service, you have a valid method of payment that is accepted by The Franco Manca Application Services, such as debit or credit card (“Payment Method”).
The registration form must include the following information:
your first and last name;
a valid personal email address that you access regularly;
your UK telephone number;
your date of birth to confirm your age; and
your Payment Method.
Once you finish registration, you must allocate a password to your Account.
Your obligations
You agree to:
provide accurate, truthful, current and complete information when registering for your Account;
keep your details up to date;
keep your Account safe by not sharing your username and password with others and restricting access to your Account and device;
promptly notify us if you discover or otherwise suspect someone has accessed your Account; and
that any person to whom your password is disclosed is authorized to act as your agent for the purposes of using (and/or transacting via) The Franco Manca Application Services.
Unauthorized or illegal use
You must only use The Franco Manca Application Services for lawful purposes. If you use The Franco Manca Application Services for unlawful purposes, we reserve the right to decline any new Account registration by you, to terminate your Account, to restrict your use of The Franco Manca Application Services (including any part of The Franco Manca Application Services) and to prevent you from making any purchase using The Franco Manca Application Services. We may do this at our sole discretion and without any prior notice, particularly if:
you violate any provision of these term;
you provide incorrect information when you register for the Account;
you perform and act or omission that harms us or inhibits the proper functioning of The Franco Manca Application Services; or
your payment or method has been blocked or restricted in any way.
We reserve the right to hold you liable for any and all damages that we suffer as a consequence of any unlawful activity by you, to pursue legal action through relevant local and national law enforcement authorities and to notify your Internet Service Provider of any fraudulent activity we associate with you or your use of The Franco Manca Application Services.
If we terminate your Account, you may not re-enroll or join under a new Account unless we formally invite you.
Service Availability
The Franco Manca Click and Collect Service offers an ordering and pickup service from our Franco Manca restaurants. Operating hours are communicated on our website at www.francomanca.co.uk.
Prices
The price of any Franco Manca products will be listed on The Franco Manca Application Services.
Prices are liable to change at any time but changes will not affect orders in respect of which you have been presented with in the confirmation screen, save in the case of an obvious pricing mistake whereby we will notify you as soon as we can about the pricing issue.
The prices on the website include VAT.
Payment
Payment for all meals and products can be made by any acceptable Payment Method through The Franco Manca Application Services. Once your order has been confirmed and you have authorized your Payment Method, your Payment Method will be charged with the amount displayed on the screen.
Payment will be made directly to Franco Manca.
Order and Collect Orders
When you place an order through The Franco Manca Application Services, a payment confirmation email will be sent, with a receipt.
Please ensure you provide an accurate contact telephone number to ensure we can reach you in case of problem.
Orders placed outside the operating hours can only be placed for future orders, where you chose your selected time slot.
You should not consider that your order has placed and accepted unless you receive an order confirmation via email. There is no minimum for orders from Franco Manca pickup services.
If your you want to place a large order or order more than 6 pizzas, you must call and discuss your order with the restaurant directly.
You should contact the restaurant directly in the below circumstances:
If your order is taking longer than expected;
If you have a query about your order;
If you wish to change or cancel your order (although this may not be possible if the order is already in progress);
If you will not get to the restaurant from which you chose to collect your order, you will still be charged for the meal.
If there is any problem with your order when collecting it, please talk to our restaurant manager at the restaurant that you specified to collect your order from.
All menu items are subject to availability. If the product is not available to purchase, it will be disabled on the service or you will be notified on the telephone or in person.
If one of the products in your order becomes unavailable after and order has been confirmed, we will contact you on the telephone or in person.
We endeavour to get our food ready for you to collect at your chosen time slot, per the product description and to the correct temperature. In the event that something goes wrong and is within our control, we will do everything we can to rectify the situation.
If Order and Collect Service is oversubscribed at a certain time, Franco Manca will notify you that the kitchens are at maximum capacity and that an order cannot be placed at this time.
If you wish to change or cancel your order after it has been accepted and authorized, you should contact the restaurant from which you have chosen to pick up your order
.
However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to agree to your request as the order may already be in progress.
We may cancel any order due to unforeseen circumstances and will inform you if we do this. You will not be charged for any orders we cancel. If payment has already been taken for an order we cancel, you will usually be reimbursed using the same method you used to pay for your order.
All meals and products are subject to availability.
Franco Manca Loyalty Scheme
Each Franco Manca Loyalty Scheme promotion will have rules associated with the promotion. These rules are liable to change at any time.
The stamps or rewards earned in the Franco Manca Loyalty Scheme have no cash value. The stamps or rewards are personal to you and may not be sold, transferred or assigned to, or shared with family, friends or others under any circumstances. If your stamps or rewards are lost, stolen or destroyed, they cannot be exchanged or refunded.
Stamps or rewards may have an expiry date. Please check the terms for each promotion to confirm the expiry dates. Stamps or rewards beyond the expiry date will not be exchanged, refunded or extended.
Unfortunately at the moment only Franco Manca pizzeria located in the United Kingdom are participating in the Franco Manca Loyalty Scheme.
Once you have enrolled in the Franco Manca Loyalty Scheme through the Mobile and Web Application, for every six stamps you earn you will receive a free reward redeemable for a free main course pizza or main course salad of your choice (“Free Pizza Reward”) when dining in at a participating UK Franco Manca pizzeria. Your Free Pizza will be automatically loaded onto your account and will be available to you for 12 months. Your Free Pizza Reward may not be redeemed alongside any other reward, offer or voucher and it expires after 12 months.
To earn stamps in the Franco Manca Loyalty Scheme:
Dine in a Franco Manca pizzeria: each diner that checks in to their table with the Mobile and Web Application and buys a full priced main course pizza or main course salad will earn one stamp;
Order a takeaway through the Franco Manca Order and Collect system: earn one stamp for each order that consists of at least one fully priced main course pizza or main course salad;
Order a takeaway at a Franco Manca pizzeria (including all orders at Franco Manca Stratford), by phoning ahead, by walk in ordering or order a delivery through Uber Eats: earn a stamp for each 8 digit code at the bottom of a Franco Manca paper receipt entered through the “Add a Stamp” function on the Mobile and Web Application; The maximum number of stamps that maybe earned by you using the “Add a Stamp” function is limited to 2 per day.
Welcome promotion: earn one welcome stamp for all new users registering on the Mobile and Web Application;
Students: earn 2 bonus student stamps on each journey of six stamps if you are validated as a student (“Verified Student”);
Invite a friend: earn a stamp and a free drink when you invite a friend to register on the Mobile and Web Application using your invitation code and that friend checks in and purchases their first main course pizza or main course salad. The maximum number of stamps that can be earned through invite a friend is limited to ten per calendar month. The referrer and referee will each earn a stamp, but only the referrer will earn a free drink. Free drinks are not valid at Franco Manca in Scotland or Wales, where referrers are instead entitled to a free dessert.
To qualify as a Verified Student, when you next dine in a Franco Manca pizzeria, check in to the table and present your original student identification to a member of staff to validate your student status. Once you are classified as a Verified Student, this status will remain on your account until the first anniversary of the validation date. Once expired, you may validate again through the same process if you are still a student.
Franco Manca reserves the right to unregister or make ineligible for the Franco Manca Loyalty Scheme any user account that has been inactive for two consecutive years. Inactive is defined as no purchase activity.
Franco Manca reserves the right to terminate, discontinue, cancel or amend the Franco Manca Loyalty Scheme at any time and in its sole discretion without notice to you.
Order and Pay in Restaurant
When you have confirmed your order in restaurant, you will be liable to pay for the items on that order. The restaurant cannot refund you the order.
The first user checked in to a table becomes the user responsible for payment on the table. If the table leaves without full payment, the first user will be charged for any unpaid portion of the bill using their stored Payment Method.
Our customers and customer care
Our restaurant managers are here to help or you can contact us at
www.francomanca.co.uk
if you have any problems with your order
You should contact the restaurant directly in the below circumstances:
If your order is taking longer than expected;
If you have a query about your order;
If you wish to change or cancel your order (although this may not be possible if the order is already in progress);
You should contact us using
www.francomanca.co.uk
in the below circumstances:
If you would like to provide us feedback;
If you would like to complain; or
If you are for any reason unhappy or dissatisfied with your order.
In the event that something goes wrong and it is within our control, we will do everything we can to rectify the situation.
Allergens, Nutritional Information and Ingredients
Franco Manca highlights allergens by product on our Website and on the Web O&C Application. Every attempt has been made to ensure that there is no cross-contamination of allergens but we cannot 100% guarantee that cross-contamination will not occur.
Ingredients are included in the product description. Recipes and menu items are subject to change.
Please contact us via
www.francomanca.co.uk
or your local restaurant if you have any further queries regarding allergens, nutritionals or ingredients.
The Sale of Alcohol
We can only sell alcohol if it is purchased with food.
We can only sell alcohol to you if you are aged 18 or over. If you are not 18 or over you must not attempt to purchase alcohol through The Franco Manca Application Services.
We operate the Challenge 25 age verification policy whereby if you are lucky enough not to look 25 or over, you will be asked to provide proof of age to show that they are at least 18 years old.
We reserve the right to refuse to hand over alcohol if you appear to be under the influence of alcohol or drugs.
We also reserve the right to refuse any alcohol to anyone who appears to be under the influence of alcohol or drugs.
Disclaimers
The Franco Manca Application Services is provided on an “as is” and “as and when available” basis to users. You use The Franco Manca Application Services at your own risk.
Neither Franco Manca nor its agents shall be liable under, or in connection with, these Terms and Conditions, the Order and Collect Service, the Franco Manca Loyalty Scheme or the use or redemption of any reward for any indirect, special or consequential cost, expense, loss or damage even if such costs, expense, loss or damage was reasonably foreseeable or might reasonably have been contemplated by the customer, Franco Manca or its agents, and whether arising from breach of contract, tort, negligence, breach or statutory duty or otherwise.
We try to ensure that the information on The Franco Manca Application Services is accurate and complete but cannot guarantee this.
We may make changes to the content on The Franco Manca Application Services, or to the services, products and prices described on it, at any change without notice.
Franco Manca reserves the right to investigate any activity they believe to be of a fraudulent nature and to disqualify any customers that they believe are carrying out fraudulent activity or otherwise seeking to circumvent the Terms and Conditions.
We cannot guarantee that The Franco Manca Application Services will be uninterrupted or error-free. Franco Manca accepts no liability for lost, damaged or corrupted data, expired rewards or incomplete or incorrect use of the App whether due to omission, alteration, tampering, deletion, theft, destruction, transmission interruption, communications failure or otherwise.
You acknowledge that the use of some of the functionalities of the Franco Manca Application Services requires access to the internet and your carrier’s normal rates may apply.
Intellectual Property – Terms of permitted use
You are permitted to use The Franco Manca Application Services for your own personal use and can print and download for your own personal non-commercial use.
The intellectual property rights in The Franco Manca Application Services, including all materials published on it are the property of Franco Manca 2 UK Limited. These works are protected by copyright laws and treaties. You shall not, and shall not attempt to, obtain any title to any such intellectual property rights.
You may not reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or content on The Franco Manca Application Services without our permission.
Jurisdiction and governing law
These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales with respect to your use of The Franco Manca Application Services. If you use The Franco Manca Application Services or The Franco Manca website outside England you acknowledge that you do so voluntarily and that you are responsible for complying with local laws.
Miscellaneous
These terms and any documents specifically registered in these terms constitute our entire agreement with you on your use of The Franco Manca Application Services. If any provision contained in these terms is illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, that provision shall be severed from these terms and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.
The terms of our privacy policy are outlined on our The Franco Manca Application Services. You can find these conditions at
www.francomanca.co.uk
.
These terms were most recently updated on 10th November 2023.
Terms and conditions
8. Unidays
Last updated: February 1, 2023
Offer is available to UNiDAYS members only. This offer entitles the customer to a bundle offer of a pizza (No. 2-6) and any soft drink for £9.95. Upgrade to a glass of Insolia Bianco or Nero d’Avola Rosso wine (175ml), or any No Logo (330ml) for £2.50. Extra toppings and our gluten free base are not included and will incur an additional charge. This bundle is only valid for UNiDAYS verified members and can be redeemed by showing your code to your server, or by entering your code into the Franco Manca Loyalty App. Offer is limited to one bundle per UNiDAYS ID and cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer except the Franco Manca loyalty scheme. Offer is valid all day Sunday – Thursday, nationwide in the UK for dine-in and takeaway at any Franco Manca pizzeria. Uber Eats, Deliveroo and Order & Collect are not included.
Subject to availability, cannot be exchanged or transferred, redemption is at the Restaurant Manager’s discretion. Alcohol upgrade not available at Franco Manca Edinburgh St Andrews, Edinburgh Stockbridge or Glasgow. Franco Manca operates Challenge 25 and the restaurant manager reserves the right to request ID or proof of age; please drink responsibly. Franco Manca reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time.
Go to Unidays page
Terms and conditions
9. Blue Light Card & Defence Discount Service Card
Last updated: April 16, 2019
Franco Manca Blue Light Card & Defence Discount Card Terms & Conditions
You can use your Blue Light Card or Defence Discount Card at any Franco Manca pizzeria in the UK to claim 25% off food, as further described in these Terms and Conditions. The Franco Manca discount is valid for dine in and takeaway only. The cards are not valid on the Click and Collect, Deliveroo, Uber Eats and Just Eat platforms.
1. To redeem a discount, the Blue Light Card/Defence Discount Card holder must present a the card to their server. The discount redeemed entitles the holder to 25% off their total food bill on Mondays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Limited to 4 people per card.
2. The start date for this offer is 11:30am on 18th June 2018.
3. To claim discount at Franco Manca using the Blue Light Card or Defence Discount Service card, you must be aged 16 or over and a resident in the UK. Proof of age may be required when using the Blue Light card and you must act truthfully when providing details of your age.
4. Certain items including Franco Manca gift cards and set menu promotions do not count towards Qualifying Purchases. To receive the discount, a valid Blue Light Card or Defence Discount Service card must be presented to your server at the time of payment.  If you are unsure whether an item qualifies, please speak to a member of staff.
5. A maximum of one Blue Light Card or Defence Discount card can be used on any total food bill.
6. A Blue Light Card or Defence Discount card discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
7. The discount balances redeemed using a Blue Light Card or Defence Discount Service card in a Franco Manca pizzeria cannot be exchanged for cash.
8. Franco Manca reserves the right to refuse to accept a Blue Light Card or Defence Discount card, and/or to limit the use of either card which it deems to have been tampered with, duplicated, damaged or which otherwise is suspected to be affected by fraud, misconduct or unauthorised use. Franco Manca may take any action it may deem appropriate if it suspects fraud, misconduct or unauthorised use of a Blue Light Card or Defence Discount Service card.
9. Blue Light Cards and Defence Discount Service Cards can only be used at Franco Manca pizzerias within the United Kingdom.
These Terms and Conditions can be subject to change.
Terms and conditions
10. Speak Up London 20% off
Get 20% off your bill when you present a valid voucher or staff badge from Speak Up London to a member of our staff at the beginning of your meal
Offer is valid for current students and staff of Speak Up London only
Redeemable in all Franco Manca restaurants in the UK
Valid for dine-in and takeaway only. Not valid for order & collect or delivery.
Food items must be ordered in order to redeem this discount
Valid every day from Wednesday 6th December 2023 to Saturday 31st August 2024
Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer
A 10% optional service charge will be applied to the bill at the end of your meal
Franco Manca operates Challenge 25 and the restaurant manager reserves the right to request ID or proof of age; please drink responsibly.
Terms and conditions
11. Plymouth local businesses 20% off
Get 20% off your bill at Franco Manca Plymouth, when you show a valid voucher to a member of our staff at the beginning of your meal
One use per customer
Valid for redemption every day from 11
th
March 2024 to 7
th
April 2024
Valid at Franco Manca Plymouth only
Valid for eat-in only. Not valid for phone collection, Order & Collect or delivery.
Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer, including the Franco Manca Loyalty Scheme. Customers will not earn a stamp from this transaction.
A 10% optional service charge will be applied to the bill at the end of your meal
Franco Manca operates Challenge 25 and the restaurant manager reserves the right to request ID or proof of age; please drink responsibly.
12. King Club 10% off
Get 10% off your bill at Franco Manca King St Manchester, when you show proof of King Club membership OR receipt of a members email containing our offer to a member of staff at the beginning of your meal
Valid every day from Friday 7
th
June 2024, excluding Saturdays and Sundays
Valid for dine-in only. Not valid for phone collection, takeaway, order & collect or delivery.
Maximum party size of 10 people applies
Valid at Franco Manca King St Manchester only
Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer
Food items must be ordered in order to redeem this discount
A 10% optional service charge will be applied to the bill at the end of your meal
Franco Manca operates Challenge 25 and the restaurant manager reserves the right to request ID or proof of age; please drink responsibly.
These terms & conditions are subject to change
13. Liverpool 1,000 free pizzas
Sign up for your chance to win one of 1,000 free pizzas (or main salads) to be redeemed at Franco Manca Liverpool only
1,000 winners will be randomly selected and notified by email
Each winner will receive a ‘Liverpool free pizza’ reward in their Franco Manca Loyalty App account.
This offer is valid only via the Franco Manca Loyalty App. Each winner must download the app in order to redeem their reward.
One free pizza (main menu or specials) or main salad per reward. Any additional items on the bill will be charged at the full price.
Valid for dine-in only. Not valid for order & collect, takeaway and delivery.
The free pizza reward is valid from 9th Dec 2024 until 28th Feb 2025
The offer cannot be exchanged for cash
Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. Customers will not earn a stamp from this transaction.
Standard sourdough base can be swapped for gluten free base free of charge
Mozzarella can be swapped for Violife vegan cheese alternative free of charge
Extra toppings incur an additional charge
A 10% optional service charge will be applied to the bill at the end of your meal
These terms & conditions can be subject to change