LEGAL
IMPRINT
PRIVACY
TERMS
LICENSE TRANSFER
EULA
CERTIFICATION
LEGAL
IMPRINT
PRIVACY
TERMS
LICENSE TRANSFER
EULA
CERTIFICATION
Artist: Vladislav Solovjov
PRIVACY POLICY
Data Protection Declaration for the processing of personal data in the European Economic Area
Effective Date: July 2024
Name and address of controller
The controller (also referred to as "Maxon"; "we", "us" or "our") in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other national data protection regulations of European Union Member States as well as other data protection regulations is:
Maxon Computer GmbH
Basler Str. 5
61352 Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Germany
With respect to certain processing activities, we jointly determine the purposes and means of processing together with other companies, i.e., as so-called joint controllers:
With respect to the transfer of personal data within the company group or to partner companies, Maxon and Recipients are joint controllers as further detailed in the section on “Transfer of personal data to other external recipients (third parties)” below.
With respect to Facebook Custom Audience, Maxon and Meta Platforms Ireland Limited are joint controllers as further detailed in the section on "Facebook Custom Audience" below.
In the context of email marketing towards event and raffle participants, Maxon and the relevant event organizers/raffle co-operation partners are joint controllers as further detailed in the section on "Other advertising" within the "By email" subsection below.
You may contact the controller at
gdpr@maxon.net
with respect to questions about this Data Protection Declaration, the processing of your personal data in general and to exercise your rights towards the controller as outlined in the section on the rights of data subjects below.
Name and address of data protection officer
The data protection officer of the controller is:
FPS Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG
Eschersheimer Landstraße 27
60322 Frankfurt am Main, Germany
Phone: +49 69 95957-0
E-Mail: datenschutzbeauftragter@fps-law.de
General Data Processing
Scope of processing of personal data
We process personal data that we receive in the course of your visit to our Website, if you contact us or use our services.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data
When processing personal data, we rely on the following legal bases:
the performance of a contract to which the affected person (the "
data subject
") is a party, Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR (this also applies to processing operations that are necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures)
legitimate interests of our company or a third party, Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR, provided that the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not override the former mentioned interests
fulfillment of legal obligations to which our company is subject, Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c GDPR
consent, Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a, Art. 7 GDPR
The purposes for which we process personal data, relevant legal bases and specific legitimate interests (where legitimate interests are the basis for processing) are stated further below.
Data processing by processors
In some cases, we use external service providers to process personal data (e.g., service providers for customer management, service providers for invoice management, IT service providers). These have been carefully selected by us and commissioned in accordance with data protection requirements, are bound by our instructions and are regularly monitored.
Transfer of personal data to other external recipients (third parties)
Various external recipients, which are not engaged as processors as outlined in the section above "Data processing by processors", may receive your personal data. Such external recipients are also called third parties. A data transfer to these external recipients may take place for the performance of a contract (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR), if a corresponding consent has been given (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b , Art. 7 GDPR), based on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) or if it is required by law (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c GDPR).
Recipients within the company group:
NEMETSCHEK SE - Konrad-Zuse-Platz 1 - 81829 Munich - Germany
Maxon Computer Inc. - 515 Marin St., Ste 322, Thousand Oaks, CA 91360 - USA
Maxon Computer Ltd. - 114 High Street, Cranfield - Bedfordshire, MK43 0DG - United Kingdom
Maxon Computer Canada Inc. - 434, rue St.-Pierre, bureau 400, Montréal, Québec, H2Y 2M5 - Canada
Maxon Computer KK - Hiroo 5-22-3, Hiroo Nishikawa Bldg. 2F - 150-0012 Shibuya-ku, Tokyo – Japan
Maxon may transfer personal data within the company group for the processing purposes listed in the section "Specific purposes of processing (including legal bases and legitimate interest)".
Legal basis for the processing of personal data in this context is consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a, Art. 7 GDPR), insofar as we have obtained consent for such processing, the performance of a contract (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR), insofar as the processing is related to a contract with the person whose data is transferred, or our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in transferring the data within the company group for internal administrative purposes.
Transfer of personal data to partner companies (resellers/distributors)
For contractual purposes
        A transfer of your personal data to third parties may be necessary for the provision of the service. Your personal data will then be transferred to the authorized distributor or reseller who is responsible for your geographic region and for the provision of services. According to your language selection on the website, your personal data will be forwarded to one of these
distributors or resellers
.
        The legal basis for the transfer of your personal data in this case is performance of a contract (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR).
For advertising purposes
        Your personal data will only be transferred to third parties for advertising purposes with your express consent. Your personal data will then be transferred to the authorized distributor or reseller who is responsible for your geographic region. This distributor will then send you general information in connection with Maxon products via email. According to your language selection on the website, your personal data will be forwarded to one of these
distributors or resellers
.
        The legal basis for the forwarding of your personal data for advertising purposes is consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a, Art. 7 GDPR).
        You can withdraw your consent to the forwarding of your personal data for advertising purposes at any time with effect for the future. An informal communication, e.g., by email, is sufficient for the withdrawal of consent. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the withdrawal (see also "Rights of data subjects").
Other external third party recipients
We may transfer personal data to third parties (e.g. authorities, courts, lawyers, auditors, external agencies to combat piracy) where necessary to safeguard our rights or comply with legal obligations to which we are subject.
        The legal basis for the forwarding of your personal data for the purpose of safeguarding our rights is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in establishing, exercising and defending legal claims. The legal basis for the forwarding of your personal data for the purpose of complying with legal obligations to which we are subject is compliance with the respective legal obligations (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c GDPR).
Transfer to third countries
A transfer of personal data to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) only takes place if the requirements of Art. 44 et seq. GDPR are met. A third country is a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA) in which the GDPR is not directly applicable.
We transfer your personal data to the USA or other third countries only if either
An adequacy decision has been adopted by the EU Commission with respect to the relevant third country (Art. 45 para. 1 GDPR), which particularly is the case for Canada (regarding commercial organizations), Japan and the United Kingdom;
sufficient guarantees are provided by the recipient in accordance with Art. 46 GDPR for the protection of the personal data – for example, the conclusion of standard contractual clauses between us and the recipient with appropriate additional security measures (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR) or binding internal data protection rules approved by the competent data protection authorities (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. b GDPR); in this way, the recipient assures us that it will provide sufficient protection for the data and thus ensure a level of protection comparable to the GDPR; or
one of the exceptions listed in Art. 49 GDPR applies – for example, your explicit consent (Art. 49 para. 1 lit. a GDPR) or if the transfer is necessary for the fulfillment of contractual obligations between you and us (Art. 49 para. 1 lit. b GDPR).
The EU Commission has not issued an adequacy decision for the USA pursuant to Art. 45 para. 1 GDPR. According to the European Court of Justice in its judgment of 17 July 2020 (Case C-311/18, "Schrems II"), there is no level of data protection in the USA that would be comparable to that in the EU. When personal data is transferred to the U.S., there is a risk that U.S. authorities may gain access to the personal data on the basis of the PRISM and UPSTREAM surveillance programs based on Section 702 of FISA (Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act) and on the basis of Executive Order 12333 or Presidential Police Directive 28. According to the European Court of Justice, EU citizens have no effective legal protection against such access in the USA or the EU. Due to this, we intend – where necessary – to agree on additional security measures with relevant recipients to ensure an adequate level of data protection.
If you would like to receive further information on international transfers of personal data or a copy of the relevant guarantees (Art. 46 GDPR) referenced above, please contact us at
gdpr@maxon.net
.
Specific purposes of processing (including legal bases and legitimate interests)
Functions of the website
If the user visits or uses our website purely for informational purposes, i.e., if they do not register or otherwise transmit information to us, we only collect the personal data that the user's browser or device transmits to our server. If the user wishes to view our website, we collect the following data, that is technically necessary for us to display our website to the user and to ensure stability and security:
IP address,
Date, time and duration of the visit,
Content of the request (specific page),
Access status/http status code,
Website from which the request comes,
Browser,
Operating system.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data for the use of our website are our legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in making the website available in order to present and develop our business and in resolving disruptions regarding our website and ensuring the security of the website and our systems.
The processing of personal data is technically necessary for us to display our website to the user and to ensure stability and security.
Registration on our website
On our website, we offer users the opportunity to register by providing personal data. The data is entered and transmitted to us and stored. Mandatory data for registration on our website are the user's first and last name, the user's email address and the country in which the user is located.
a.
At the time of registration, the following personal data is processed:
First and last name,
Email address,
Country in which user is located,
(optional) Phone number,
(optional) Language.
Various external recipients may receive your personal data. These may be recipients within the company group and/or certified partner companies. Further information on this can be found under "Data processing by Processors" and "Transfer of personal data to external recipients".
The legal basis for the processing of personal data for registration on our website is performance of a contract, including implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR).
The registration of the user is necessary for the provision of certain content and services and for the implementation of pre-contractual measures and the fulfillment of contracts. The user must register for a MyMaxon account in order to download the trial version of Cinema 4D. Likewise, the user must register for a MyMaxon account in order to be able to purchase licenses of our products. These are then available for the user to download in their user account.
The personal data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected (or otherwise processed) and there are no legal – in particular trade and tax law – retention obligations and they are not required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. This is generally the case for the personal data collected during the registration process when the registration on our website is cancelled or modified.
b.
The personal data collected during the registration process for a MyMaxon account will in individual cases be linked to personal data collected in other systems. Detailed information on the linking of personal data can be found further down in this data protection declaration for the respective system.
Downloading and activating a trial version
Users can download and activate a trial version of our products on our website. To do so, the user must register on our website.
In addition to the data processed during registration on our website, the following personal data is processed:
System/Machine ID.
Various external recipients may receive your personal data. These may be recipients within the company group and/or certified partner companies. Further information on this can be found under "Data processing by Processors" and "Transfer of personal data to external recipients".
The legal basis for the processing of personal data for registration on our website is performance of a contract (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR). Exceptionally, to the extent personal data of persons, who are not our contractual partners, will be processed in this context (e.g. contact persons at business customers), the legal basis is our and our contractual partner's legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in efficiently and productively carrying out the contract between us and the contractual partner.
The processing of personal data in the context of downloading and activating the trial version serves to ensure that a person downloads the respective trial version of a program version only once.
The personal data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected (or otherwise processed) and there are no legal – in particular trade and tax law – obligations to retain it and they are not required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
In order to activate the trial version, users must consent to receiving advertising and to the forwarding of their data to authorized distributors or resellers responsible for them geographically.
Further information on data processing in connection with the granting of advertising consent by the user can be found under "Other advertising". Further information on the transfer of data to distributors/resellers can be found under "Transfer of personal data to external recipients".
Purchase of licenses online
Users can purchase licenses of our products online. The prerequisite for this is registration on our website.
Note:
The purchase itself as well as the payment will be processed accordingly by the external service providers Verifone Payments B.V. dba 2Checkout, with its office at Singel 250, 1016AB Amsterdam, The Netherlands, or Avangate, Inc., with its registered address at CSC, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, New Castle, DE 19808, USA, depending on the country in which the customer is located; customers from the US are processed by Avangate, Inc., customers from the rest of world are processed by Verifone Payments B.V. dba 2Checkout. Verifone Payments B.V. dba 2 Checkout or Avangate, Inc. will be the contractual partner. Verifone Payments B.V. dba 2Checkout and Avangate, Inc. are each a separate controller with respect to processing of your personal data in the context of the purchase.
In addition to the data processed during registration on our website, the following personal data is processed:
First and last name of the customer,
Address.
With respect to purchases on
http://pixologic.com/
, the following personal data may additionally be processed:
Billing address,
Credit card information (however, after a transaction, the financial information (credit cards, CVC, etc.) will not be stored on our servers).
When requesting support with respect to our products, the following personal data may additionally be processed:
Software details,
Hardware details,
Company name.
Various external recipients may receive your personal data. These may be recipients within the company group and/or certified partner companies. Further information on this can be found under "Data processing by processors" and "Transfer of personal data to external recipients".
The legal basis for the processing of personal data in the context of the purchase of licenses of our products and support related thereto is performance of a contract (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR). Exceptionally, to the extent personal data of persons, who are not our contractual partners, will be processed in this context (e.g. contact persons at business customers), the legal basis is our and our contractual partner's legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in efficiently and productively carrying out the contract between us and the contractual partner.
The processing of personal data during the purchase of licenses of our products via our website serves the execution of the purchase and License Agreement as well as the provision of the software for download. We also process your personal data to contact you about support issues or to inform you about the expiration of your temporary licenses.
The personal data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected (or otherwise processed) and there are no legal – in particular trade and tax law – retention obligations and they are not required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Purchase of licenses via telephone/email
It is also possible to purchase licenses for our products directly from us by email or telephone.
In doing so, the following personal data will be processed:
First and last name of the purchaser,
Company, if applicable,
Address,
Email address.
The provision of further data, e.g., telephone and fax number, is voluntary.
Various external recipients may receive your personal data. These may be recipients within the company group and/or certified partner companies. Further information on this can be found under "Data processing by processors" and "Transfer of personal data to external recipients".
The legal basis for the processing of personal data in the context of the direct purchase of licenses for our products is performance of a contract (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR). Exceptionally, to the extent personal data of persons, who are not our contractual partners, will be processed in this context (e.g. contact persons at business customers), the legal basis is our and our contractual partner's legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in efficiently and productively carrying out the contract between us and the contractual partner.
The processing of personal data in the context of a direct purchase serves the fulfillment of pre-contractual (informational) obligations, the processing and execution of the order, invoicing and payment processing as well as the provision of the software for download. We also process your personal data to contact you about support issues or to inform you about the expiration of your temporary licenses.
The personal data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required for the purpose for which it was collected and there are no legal – in particular trade and tax law – retention obligations and they are not required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Contact via contact form or email
Users can contact us via the contact form or via the email address provided.
In doing so, the following personal data is processed:
Contact data, in particular email address,
Other personal data provided by the user himself,
Time of form submission.
Various external recipients within the company group may receive your personal data. Further information on this can be found under "Data processing by processors" and "Transmission of personal data to external recipients".
The legal basis for the processing of personal data in this context is performance of a contract if the contact purpose is the conclusion of or otherwise related to a contract with the person contacting us (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR). Otherwise, the legal basis for the processing of personal data in this context generally is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in contacting you due to your enquiry.
The personal data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected and there are no legal – in particular trade and tax – retention obligations and they are not required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Contact due to important changes to our services (including our websites)
We may contact you to alert you regarding important changes to our services (including our websites), for example due to substantial changes to this data protection declaration or changes to our terms and conditions.
In doing so, the following personal data is processed:
Contact data, in particular email address
Various external recipients within the company group may receive your personal data. Further information on this can be found under "Data processing by processors" and "Transmission of personal data to external recipients".
The legal basis for the processing of personal data in this context is performance of a contract if the contact purpose is related to a contract with you (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR). Otherwise, the legal basis for the processing of personal data in this context generally is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in informing you about important changes to our services.
Educational license for students and teachers
Students and teachers can download and activate the license of our products for educational purposes from our website at the discounted price indicated on the website. This requires registration on our website..
Note:
Verification of whether the interested party meets the requirements as a student or teacher is handled by the external service provider SheerID, Inc., 1300 SW Fifth Avenue, Suite 2100, Portland, Oregon 97201 USA (“SheerID”) with its sub-processors including but not limited to Onfido Ltd, 14-18 Finsbury Square, 3rd Floor, London EC2A 1AH. United Kingdom (“Onfido”). SheerID and its processors are responsible for processing your personal data as part of the verification process.
In addition to the data processed during registration on our website, the following personal data is processed:
System/Machine ID.
Verification documents related to your student or teacher status (e.g., university/college enrolment papers of students, academic institution ID card of teachers).
Biometrics data (e.g., government ID, passport and facial scanning that enables to verify you as a student or a teacher).
SheerID and its processors shall be responsible for processing the biometrics data and verification documents listed above. The company will not receive any sensitive personal data collected and processed by SheerID nor its processors.
Various external recipients within the company group may receive your personal data. Further information on this can be found under "Data processing by processors" and "Transfer of personal data to external recipients".
The legal basis for the processing of personal data for downloading and activating the license for educational purposes and support related thereto is performance of a contract (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR) and legitimate interest of the company in order to verify student or teacher status accurately (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR).
The processing of personal data when purchasing licenses of our products via our website serves to execute the purchase and License Agreement and to make the software available for download. We also process your personal data to contact you about support issues.
The personal data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected and there are no legal – in particular trade and tax – retention obligations and they are not required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. Verification documents collected and processed by SheerID shall be deleted after 7 days after the completion of the verification process. Biometrics data collected and processed by SheerID’s sub-processor Onfido shall be deleted after 48 hours after completion of the verification process.
Please find more information in SheerID’s and Ondifo’s processes in their Privacy Policies by clicking the following links:
SheerID:
https://www.sheerid.com/global-privacy-policy/
Onfido:
https://onfido.com/privacy/
Data collection within the scope of the software – technical protection functions
The prerequisite for using the software is registration on our website.
The software contains technical protection functions against piracy, unauthorized use and for the protection of our intellectual and industrial property rights and economic interest. This prevents the user from using the software in a way that violates the License Agreement.
a.
The following personal data is processed as part of the technical protection functions:
IP address,
Computer ID,
Data related to use of the software,
Eligibility data,
Transaction data,
Technical data.
We use technical protection functions to ensure the fulfillment of the License Agreement and to combat piracy and to protect the Software from unauthorized use.
In the event that the software is used in a manner that violates the License Agreement, your data will be disclosed to third parties. In the event that the violation has taken place outside the European Union, the personal data may also be transferred to this third country.
The legal basis for the use of personal data within the scope of technical protective functions as well as for any possible forwarding of this personal information to a third party is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in ensuring that our software is used in accordance with the relevant License Agreement.
The processing of your data serves the purpose of being able to trace unauthorized use of the software as well as license infringements so Maxon can in such cases prevent such unauthorized use and take measures against license infringement. The forwarding of your data to third parties serves the purpose of pursuing unauthorized use of the software or license infringement in other countries, for example.
Your data will be deleted as soon as the purpose for which they were saved has been achieved and they are no longer needed and no legal obligations for retention – in particular with regard to trade or tax law retention provisions – exist and the data are not required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. In accordance with this, your data will be saved at least as long as Maxon can pursue the unauthorized use of the software or license infringement.
b.
The personal data collected within the scope of the technical protection functions, in particular the computer ID, can be linked with personal data that was collected within the scope of registration for a MyMaxon account. Conclusions can therefore be made regarding an individual that has or is using the software in a manner contrary to the License Agreement.
In the event that the software was or is being used in a manner contrary to the License Agreement the combined personal data will also be forwarded to third parties. In the event that the infringement took place outside of the European Union, the combined personal data will also be forwarded to this third country.
The legal basis for the lining of personal data collected within the scope of the technical protection functions with the personal data collected within the scope of registration for a MyMaxon account as well as the forwarding of this information to third parties is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in ensuring that our software is used in accordance with the relevant License Agreement and identifying who is violating said agreement.
The linking of personal data serves the purpose of identifying and contacting persons who use the software in a manner contrary to the License Agreement. This serves to ensure the authorized use of the software and protect against violations.
Forwarding the combined personal data servers, the purpose of supporting Maxon’s pursuit of unauthorized use of the software or breaches of the License Agreement in foreign countries, for example.
The link between personal data will be removed as soon as the purpose for which it was linked no longer exists and no legal obligations for maintaining this link remain and the linked data is not required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Moves by Maxon
Users can download the app "Moves by Maxon" via various app stores. The prerequisite for using this app is registration on our website. Further information on the registration on our website can be found under "Registration on our website".
Via "Moves by Maxon" users can capture their facial expressions ("Captured Data") and store the Captured Data on their devices for the purpose of creating face animation with different poses in a Cinema 4D desktop application. Unless users themselves transfer the Captured Data to other devices/applications, the Captured Data stays on the user's device and is visible as well as accessible only from the Files folder in the iOS device, specifically inside the Moves folder. In any case, Maxon does not store, use or share the Captured Data with any third party. The legal basis for the processing of Captured Data a is performance of a contract (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR). The Captured Data can be deleted by the user at any time either within the app or via the Files folder on the iOs device.
In order to activate "Moves by Maxon", users must consent to receiving advertising and to the forwarding of their registration data (name, email address, country in which the person is located, proof of opt-in to authorized distributors or resellers that are geographically responsible for them. The legal basis for advertising and forwarding registration data to authorized distributors or resellers is consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a, Art. 7 GDPR). The personal data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected respectively when the e-mail recipient withdraws consent (and where there is no other legal ground for processing than consent) and there are no legal – in particular trade and tax law – retention obligations and they are not required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. Further information on data processing in connection with the granting of advertising consent by the user can be found under "Other advertising". Further information on data transfer to distributors/resellers can be found under "Transfer of personal data to external recipients".
Other advertising
By email
General Non-Personalized Marketing
With their consent, users receive information about Maxon software products and Maxon product news, service offers and general topics about the Cinema 4D Community by email.
In this context, we process the following personal data:
First and last name,
Email address,
Country in which the person is located,
Proof of opt-in.
Various external recipients may receive your personal data. These may be recipients within the company group and/or certified partner companies. Further information on this can be found under "Data processing by processors" and "Transfer of personal data to external recipients".
The legal basis for the processing of personal data for email advertising is consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a, Art. 7 GDPR).
The personal data is processed in order to deliver emails, to address the user personally and in their respective national language, and to prevent misuse of the services or the email address used.
The personal data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected respectively when the e-mail recipient withdraws consent (and where there is no other legal ground for processing than consent) and there are no legal – in particular trade and tax law – retention obligations and they are not required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You can withdraw your consent to receive emails at any time with effect for the future. For the withdrawal, an informal message, e.g. by email, or using the "unsubscribe" link in emails is sufficient. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the withdrawal (see also "Rights of data subjects").
Personalized Product Support Marketing Communication
Based on their consent to personalized marketing communications in support of product, users will receive personalized information by email based on personal interests. Information based on personal interests means that, with your consent, we will evaluate which Maxon products you are interested in and provide you with personalized information on this basis. In order to determine your usage behavior, we use various service providers. These allow us to determine which product features you have used and which product features and other Maxon services and products may also be of interest to you so that we can send you email communications about (1) additional product features and (2) other Maxon services and products.
In this context, we process the following personal data:
First and last name,
Email address,
Country in which the person is located,
Proof of opt-in,
Identifier ID,
Data related to use of the software (product name and trial start date).
In the context of personalized product support marketing communication, various external recipients may receive your personal data. These may be recipients within the company group and/or certified partner companies. Further information can be found under “Data processing by Processors” and “Transfer of personal data to external recipients”.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data for email advertising is consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a, Art. 7 GDPR).
The personal data is processed in order to deliver emails, to address the user personally and in their respective national language, and to analyze product features the user has used in order to send the user email communications about (1) additional product features and (2) other Maxon services and products.
You can withdraw your consent to receive emails at any time with effect for the future. For the withdrawal, changing the communication preferences in the MyMaxon email communication preferences of the user’s Maxon account, an informal message, e.g. by email to
gdpr@maxon.net
or using the "Unsubscribe" link in emails is sufficient. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the withdrawal (see also "Rights of data subjects").
The personal data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected respectively when the e-mail recipient withdraws consent (and where there is no other legal ground for processing than consent) and there are no legal - in particular trade and tax law - retention obligations and they are not required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. Personal data on the behavior of the user will hence be deleted after the user has withdrawn his or her consent to personalized marketing communications in support of product. Even without withdrawal of consent, the data will be deleted at the latest when it is no longer required for the purposes of the marketing measures.
Email Marketing Towards Event and Raffle Participants
General information:
Participants of events where we were represented may receive marketing communication via email based on their consent. Such consent might have been obtained by event organizers on our behalf.
Participants of raffles in which we co-operated may receive marketing communication via email based on their consent. Such consent might have been obtained by raffle co-operation partners on our behalf.
In this context, we receive the following personal data from such event organizers or raffle co-operation partners and subsequently process them for the purpose of sending marketing communication via email:
First and last name,
Email address,
company the event participant works for / represents and position,
country.
Various external recipients may receive your personal data. Further information on this can be found under "Data processing by processors" and "Transfer of personal data to external recipients".
The legal basis for the processing of personal data for email advertising is consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a, Art. 7 GDPR).
The personal data is processed in order to deliver emails, to address the user personally and in their respective national language, and to prevent misuse of the services or the email address used.
The personal data is deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected respectively when the email recipient withdraws consent (and where there is no other legal ground for processing than consent) and there are no legal – in particular trade and tax law – retention obligations and they are not required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You can withdraw your consent to receive marketing emails at any time with effect for the future. For the withdrawal, please send an email to
gdpr@maxon.net
, or use the "unsubscribe" link in marketing emails. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the withdrawal (see also "Rights of data subjects").
Joint control in the context of email marketing towards event and raffle participants:
We and the event organizers or raffle co-operation partners who collect your personal data and obtain your consent to email marketing activities by us (each also referred to as "
Joint Controller
") jointly process the personal data identified in the "General information" sub-section above ("
Joint Data
") in respect of the collection by such organizers or co-operation partners and subsequent sharing of the data with us for the purpose of enabling us to carry out email marketing activities (i.e., as joint controllers). For any other processing activities we and the event organizers or co-operation partners remain separate controllers.
The legal basis for the collection and sharing of this personal data is consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a, Art. 7 GDPR).
You have the rights described in the "Rights of data subjects" section of this Privacy Policy. Please contact
gdpr@maxon.net
if you would like to exercise your rights towards us or one of the other Joint Controllers. Alternatively you can also contact the other Joint Controllers.
The Joint Controller have determined their responsibilities for compliance with the obligations under GDPR by means of an arrangement between them ("
JC Arrangement
").
Under the JC Arrangement, the Joint Controller other than Maxon are, in particular, responsible for:
making available information on the processing of personal data in the context of collection and sharing of personal data with Maxon for the purpose of enabling Maxon to carry out email marketing activities;
handling and fulfilling requests related to rights described in the "Rights of data subjects" section of this Privacy Policy.
Under the JC Agreement, every Joint Controller, in particular, is responsible for:
making available information of the essence of the JC Arrangement to affected data subjects;
ensure that they comply with all legal retention and deletion requirements in respect of to the Joint Data they hold;
determining appropriate security measures to protect personal data as well as documenting, reviewing and updating these measures as necessary in respect of the Joint Data they hold;
notifying the competent data protection authority and affected individuals about data breaches where required under GDPR in respect of Joint Data which is affected by a personal data breach and which they hold;
designating a contact person for data protection queries.
If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data under joint control or would like to receive information about the other Joint Controllers processing your personal data, please contact us at
gdpr@maxon.net
.
By telephone
With their consent, private users receive information about Maxon Software products and Maxon product news, service offers and general topics related to the Cinema 4D Community by telephone.
We also contact commercial customers by telephone for information about Maxon software products and Maxon product news, service offers and general topics around the Cinema 4D Community.
In this context, we process the following personal data:
First and last name,
Telephone number,
Country in which the person is located,
Proof of opt-in, if applicable.
Various external recipients may receive your personal data. These may be recipients within the company group and/or certified partner companies. Further information can be found under "Data processing by processors" and "Transfer of personal data to external recipients".
The legal basis for the processing of personal data for telephone advertising is consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a, Art. 7 GDPR).
The legal basis for the processing of personal data for telephone advertising for commercial users is alternatively our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in advertising our products and services.
The personal data is then processed in order to contact the user by telephone as well as to address them personally and in their national language. In this case, we consider the processing of personal data for the purpose of direct marketing to commercial users as processing serving our legitimate interest, Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR.
The personal data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected respectively – where relevant – when consent is withdrawn (and if there is no other legal ground for processing than consent) and there are no legal – in particular trade and tax law – retention obligations and they are not required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Users can withdraw their consent to telephone advertising at any time with effect for the future. An informal communication, e.g. by email, is sufficient for the withdrawal. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the withdrawal (see also "Rights of data subjects").
Commercial users may at any time object to the processing of their personal data for telephone advertising based on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR). We will then no longer process the relevant personal data for conducting telephone advertising.
Webinars
Maxon offers (simulated) live webinars via external service providers who were carefully selected by Maxon and were commissioned in compliance with data protection requirements.
Participants of these webinars must register on the respective websites of these external service providers.
Note:
In order to participate in a webinar, you must register on the website of the respective external service provider. The external service provider is separate controller with respect to the processing of personal data within the scope of this registration.
The following personal data will be collected for the participation in our webinars:
First and last name,
Email address.
Furthermore, inter alia information about when the participation took place, how long participation lasted as well as if and which questions were asked in the chat will be processed. Tracking will also take place to determine if the webinar window was active or in the background.
The personal data that is gathered by the external service provider during the webinar will not be forwarded by us to a third party.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data within the scope of participation in a webinar by us is performance of a contract (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR) and our legitimate interest (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR) in understanding how people participate in our webinars.
In the event that the seat of the external service provider lies outside of the European Union your personal data might also be processed accordingly in that respective country. In order to ensure an adequate level of data protection, a job processing contract and the standard EU clauses were concluded.
At the end of the webinar, the webinar participant might be given the opportunity to complete a survey. Additional information, inter alia opinions about the webinar and improvement suggestions as well as information about whether or not the webinar participant is a Cinema 4D user and the version with which they work and information about their profession and field of work of the webinar participant will be requested. The processing of personal data serves the purpose of evaluating and processing webinars. Legal basis for the processing of personal data within the scope of a survey is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in obtaining and understanding feedback provided by participants in order to improve our webinars or consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR) where consent has been obtained in this context. The consent for participating in a survey after the conclusion of a webinar can be withdrawn by the participant at any time with effect for the future. For the withdrawal a simple message, e.g., via email is sufficient. The withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing of personal data prior to the revocation.
Surveys and Following Interviews
From time-to-time Maxon may conduct surveys to measure and analyze user interest in products, services, content, or technical support. The processing of personal data serves the purpose of continuously improving products, tools, processes, and services. Legal basis for the processing of personal data within the scope of a survey is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in obtaining and understanding feedback provided by participants in order to tailor our products, tools, processes and services to participants’ wishes and requirements or consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR) where consent has been obtained in this context.
Surveys are carried out anonymously unless indicated otherwise. Participation in all Maxon surveys is voluntary. Participants can choose not to provide any data by not taking part.
The following personal data may be collected for the participation in our surveys (unless it is carried out anonymously):
First and last name,
Email address,
The company at which the person is working (in some cases),
Responses given during participation in the survey
The surveys will be held on the website of different external service providers. The personal data that is gathered by the external service provider as a result of a survey will generally not be forwarded by us to a third party. As an exception, such data may be shared within the Maxon entities where this is necessary to pursue the purposes of surveys listed above.
Following the surveys, participants may be asked to participate in an interview. The processing of personal data serves the purpose of further improving products, tools, processes, and services. Legal basis for the processing of personal data within the scope of a survey is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in obtaining and understanding feedback provided by participants in order to tailor our products, tools, processes and services to participants’ wishes and requirements or consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR) where consent has been obtained in this context.
These interviews are entirely on a voluntary basis. Participants can choose not to provide any data by not taking part.
Interviews will be held via MS Teams as a video call.
The following personal data will be collected for the participation in our interviews following the surveys:
In addition to the data collected during the above-mentioned survey process, inter alia information about when the interview participation took place, how long the interview lasted as well as if and which questions were asked in the interview and responses thereto will be processed.
Videocall recording (The videocall will not be recorded unless the participant gives consent.)
The personal data that is gathered during the interview will generally not be forwarded by us to a third party. As an exception, such data may be shared within the Maxon company group where this is necessary to pursue the purposes of interviews listed above.
The documentation and possible publication of the survey and/or interview results will be done exclusively in an anonymous form, without disclosing participants’ name and without giving any information that could be used to draw conclusions about participants.
The consent for participating in a survey and/or a following interview can be withdrawn by the participant at any time with effect for the future. For the withdrawal a simple message, e.g., via email is sufficient. The withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing of personal data prior to the revocation.
The personal data will be deleted or anonymized as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected (or otherwise processed) and there are no legal retention obligations, and they are not required for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. This is generally the case for the personal data collected during surveys and interviews within 6 months after collection of such personal data. Videocall recordings will be deleted within 90 days.
TeamViewer
Maxon offers the possibility of remote support via TeamViewer.
Note:
In order to use our remote support, customers must download and install the TeamViewer client provided by TeamViewer Germany GmbH, Jahnstrasse 30, 73037 Göppingen. TeamViewer Germany GmbH is a separate controller with respect to processing of personal data within the scope of the download of the TeamViewer client.
The following personal data will be gathered by us within the scope of remote support via TeamViewer:
If applicable, the customer’s name if used as an alias/nickname for TeamViewer.
If necessary, we will take and save notes for individual sessions for protocolling results of a remote support session.
We record remote support sessions and save these in order to safeguard ourselves against false claims for damages.
The chats that take place during communication with the customer via TeamViewer’s chat function will also be saved.
Your personal data will not be forwarded to third parties.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data via TeamViewer is performance of a contract (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR), our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) I documenting remote support sessions and in establishing, exercising and defending legal rights or, where consent has been obtained, consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a, Art. 7 GDPR).
Facebook Custom Audience
Maxon uses Facebook Custom Audience for websites. In this context, personal data are processed in order to identify persons that may have the most interest in our products and services and enable us to provide such persons with corresponding information.
Maxon and Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland, ("Meta") jointly determine the purposes and means of processing with respect to Facebook Custom Audience, i.e. they are so called joint-controllers (Art. 4 no. 7, Art. 26 para. 1 sentence 1 GDPR). Maxon may share information about people and actions they take on our website and apps ("Event Data"). Meta may use this Event Data to ascertain people who have previously interacted with our business and create groups of Facebook users based on Event Data so that these can be targeted with advertisement ("Joint Processing").
Information on how to contact Meta and their data protection officer, on how Meta processes personal data (including relevant legal bases) and the ways to exercise data subjects' rights against Meta can be found in their data policy (available
here
).
Maxon has entered into a joint controller arrangement (Controller Addendum) with Meta (available
here
) in which Maxon and Meta have determined their responsibilities under GDPR. Under this Controller Addendum Maxon is obligated to provide the information included in this section to website users. Meta is responsible for enabling data subjects' rights (Art. 15 to 20 GDPR) with regard to personal data stored by Meta after the joint processing of such data.
Maxon's legal basis for processing of personal data in this context is consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a , Art. 7 GDPR).
Data processing in the context of a company transaction
In the context of a sale of assets, it is possible that Maxon will transfer personal data of customers and users to the purchaser.
In this context, we may process the following personal data:
Contact details, especially email address,
Other contractual data,
Other personal data, submitted by the users themselves.
The purpose of the data transfer is to fulfill our obligations under the purchase contract with the purchaser and to enable the purchaser to continue the customer relationship with customers and users. The legal basis for the processing of the personal data here is either our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) in efficiently managing and disposing of our company and assets and in transferring personal data of customers who have not objected to this to the purchaser or the implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR) if the customer is a natural person and agrees with the transfer of the customer agreement to the purchaser.
Safeguarding our rights
Maxon may process personal data to safeguard Maxon's rights.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data in this context is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit f GDPR) in establishing, exercising and defending legal claims.
Compliance with legal obligations
Maxon may process personal data to comply with legal obligations to which Maxon is subject.
Legal basis for the processing of personal data in this context is compliance with the respective legal obligations (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c GDPR).
Cookies
We use cookies to improve the performance of our website and enhance the user experience for those who visit the website.
Cookies which are not strictly necessary for the provision of the website will only be stored on your device and accessed based on your freely-given consent. You may withdraw such consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before its withdrawal, by accessing our consent management platform. Further information on our use of cookies can be found in our cookie consent management tool, which can be accessed at the bottom left of every page of the website.
Data deletion and storage period
The personal data of data subjects will generally be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which they were collected (or otherwise processed).
As an exception, the data can be stored for a longer period of time for compliance with a legal obligation, i.e. if this has been set out by the European or national legislator in European Union regulations, laws or other regulations to which we are subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; personal data that we store solely for these purposes will not be used for any other purpose.
Rights of data subjects
You have the following rights regarding personal data provided that the relevant legal requirements are met:
Right of access, Art 15 GDPR
You may request information about the processing of your personal data and a copy of the personal data undergoing processing insofar as such copy does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR)
You may request correction of your personal data that is inaccurate and/or completion of such data which is incomplete.
Right to erasure 17 GDPR
You may request deletion of your personal data, in particular where (i) the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed, (ii) you objected to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate interests for the processing, (iii) your personal data has been unlawfully processed or (iv) your personal data has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject. The right to erasure, however, does not apply in particular where the processing of your personal data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Right to restrict processing, Art. 18 GDPR
You may request restriction of processing (i) for the period in which we verify the accuracy of your personal data if you contested the accuracy of the personal data, (ii) where the processing is unlawful and you request restriction of processing instead of deletion of the data, (iii) where we no longer need the personal data, but you require the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or (iv) if you objected to processing until it has been verified whether our legitimate grounds override your interests, rights and freedoms.
Right to object, Art. 21 GDPR
You have the right to object, for reasons resulting from your particular situation, at any time, to the processing of your personal data which is based on legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR) this also applies to profiling based on this provision according to Art. 4 No. 4 GDPR. If you file an objection, your personal data will no longer be processed for the purpose you objected to unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing serves the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Generally, we assume that we will be able to demonstrate such compelling legitimate interests. However, we will review any objection based on the individual relevant facts.
In individual cases we may process your personal data for direct marketing purposes without your prior consent. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time; this also applies to profiling in as far as it is connected with direct marketing. If you file an objection to the processing for direct marketing purposes we will no longer process your personal data for this purpose.
The objection can be made informally and should be sent to:
Maxon Computer GmbH
Basler Str. 5
61352 Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Germany
Email: gdpr@maxon.net
Right to data portability, Art. 20 GDP
You may request to receive your personal data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used machine-readable format and transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from us, where the processing is based on consent or a contract and the processing is carried out by automated means; in these cases you may also request to have the personal data transmitted directly to another controller where this is technically feasible.
Right to withdraw consent, Art. 7 (3) GDPR
Consent that was granted can be withdrawn at any time with effect for the future. The withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. This also applies for the withdrawal of consent that was given prior to the introduction of the GDPR, i.e., prior to May 25, 2018.
Within the scope of the right of access (Art. 15 GDPR) and the right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR), the restrictions in accordance with Clauses 34, 35 of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) apply.
Furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of an alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes the GDPR (Art. 77 GDPR).
Please address your requests to exercise your rights to
gdpr@maxon.net
(with the exception of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority).
Data security
We protect your data using modern security systems and we adhere to the data protection and security provisions in accordance with the GDPR.
We maintain current technical measures to ensure data security, in particular for the protection of your personal data against threats during data transfers or attainment by third parties. These measures are updated to meet state-of-the-art standards.
Online forms on our website are sent using SSL encryption for your protection. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee that the information sent cannot be read by third parties during transmission. Please be aware that despite our efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust, unique password that no one else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in details and password private.
Obligation for providing and possible consequences for not providing data
You are not obligated to provide your personal data to us. However, within the scope of the use of our services, you may be required to make the personal data available that is necessary for the fulfillment of the respective purpose or that we are legally obliged to collect. Without this data, we may not be able to conclude or execute a contract with you and/or provide you with our services.
Existence of automatic decision-making, including profiling
Fundamentally, we do not use fully automated decision-making or profiling to start or carry out a business relationship in accordance with Art 22 GDPR. If we should implement this process in individual cases, we will inform you accordingly in as far as this is required by law.
Changes to data protection notices
We continuously develop and optimize the services we offer. It can therefore occur that we add new functionalities. If this affects the way in which we process your personal data we will inform you accordingly in due time in our data protection notices (e.g. in this data protection declaration).
The last update of this data protection declaration was July 2024.
Data Protection Declaration for the processing of personal data outside of the European Economic Area
Effective Date: July 2024
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) supplements the information contained in Maxon Computer Inc.’s (515 Marin Street, Suite 322, Thousand Oaks, CA 91360, United States) (“Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) Data Protection Declaration and applies to all visitors and users of our website, our Web Shop, any of our group company websites and applications where this Policy is posted (each, a “Site”), whether on our digital properties or on applications we make available on third-party sites or platforms, and the services available through our Site, Web Shop, and any such websites and applications (collectively, the “Services”). This Policy describes the types of information, including personal information (which term includes sensitive personal information, as defined under certain applicable laws, when used in the Policy), we collect from visitors and users of our Site and Services, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
By visiting a Site and using the Services, or providing consent where required by applicable law you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this Policy. Your use of a Site and Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our
Terms of Use
, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. The Terms of Use are incorporated by reference into this Policy.
Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform, the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform. The information we collect is covered by this Policy, and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the privacy practices of the third-party site or platform.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect it
Generally, (with your consent, where required under applicable laws and regulations), we may collect the following types of personal information depending upon the nature of our relationship and interactions with you:
Information We Collect Directly from You.
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Services.
We offer users the opportunity to register to create an account on our Sites in order to access the Services. When you create an account with us, we may collect your information, including your first and last name, e-mail address, telephone number, language, password, and the country in which you are located. In addition, on some of our Sites, you can log in using your credentials for Facebook, Google, Discord or other social media or similar sites. When you log-in using those credentials we or the provider of these other sites may request certain information or permissions from you, such as to share your profile information with us and to share certain information with us related to your account with that provider.
When you use or access the Services, we may collect information required to deliver the Services to you, including commercial information, such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies.
We may also collect information required to facilitate transactions through the Services, including financial or payment information, your address, and other contact information.
Depending on the Services that you use, you may be able to upload facial images and expressions to the Services. This information is stored on your device and is not used to identify you.
When you request access to the Services, such as access to Maxon One Licenses for Educational purposes, we may collect professional information, such as employment-related information and business contact information, to verify that you meet eligibility requirements for purchasing the Services and to deliver the Services to you. We may also request education information, such as your school name and grade level, to confirm your eligibility for the Services and to deliver the Services to you. In order to verify your eligibility status to provide licenses for educational purposes, you shall be required to upload biometrics data. Verification of whether you meet the requirements as a student or teacher is handled by the external service provider SheerID, Inc., 1300 SW Fifth Avenue, Suite 2100, Portland, Oregon 97201 USA (“SheerID”) with its sub-processors including but not limited to Onfido Ltd, 14-18 Finsbury Square, 3rd Floor, London EC2A 1AH. United Kingdom (“Onfido”). SheerID and its processors are responsible for processing your personal data as part of the verification process. SheerID and its processors shall be responsible for processing the biometrics data and verification documents. The company will not receive any sensitive personal data collected and processed by SheerID nor its processors.
We may collect information you provide to us when you fill out a survey or questionnaire, or other type of form you complete through the Services.
If you participate in one of our summits, we collect information that we need to administer the summit, including your name, studio, email address, physical address, headshot or logo, artwork and your biography. We may share this information with summit sponsors and other participants. If you win prize giveaways, we will share your information on our Site or in a chat.
If you participate in one of our contests, we collect your information that we need to administer the contest, including your name, your streaming channel ID, and your email address and physical address. We may share your information with sponsors and we may publish your name on our website, for example, if you place in a contest, or if we use your image for marketing purposes.
If you contact us, we may collect records and copies of your correspondence, including e-mail addresses, direct chat history, and other correspondence and contact information.
While you are navigating a Site or using the Services, we may collect your search queries or information about your viewing history.
When you submit a customer inquiry, complaint, or request assistance with use of a Site or the Services, we may collect your name, alias, or nickname for obtaining access via the TeamViewer platform. We may also collect and record information from remote support sessions, as well as notes from individual remote support sessions, for quality assurance purposes, and to safeguard ourselves against fraudulent claims for damages.
When you subscribe to receive updates from us about new features of the Services, such as newsletters or e-mail alerts, we collect contact information from you, such as your name, e-mail address, or telephone number.
We also collect any information you choose to e-mail or communicate to us while using the Services.
On some of our Sites, we invite you to post content, including your questions, comments, pictures, and any other information that you would like to be available on the Site. If you post content to our Site, the information that you post will be available to all visitors to our Site. If you post your own content on our Site or Services, your posting may become public and we cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy, the law, or your personal privacy.
Information We Collect Automatically
.
Whenever you visit or interact with our Site, we may automatically collect data about your visit through cookies, pixels, tags, log files, and other technologies. Such information includes but is not limited to your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device ID, device location information, browser type, browser version, the pages you visit, the time spent on those pages, the time and date of your visit, downloads you initiate, and other statistics. We gather such information through cookies and other web technologies. Please see the “Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms” section in our Privacy Policy to find out more.
Information We Collect from Third Parties.
We may collect information about you from third party sources (which may be combined with other information we have collected about you), such as: service providers, marketing partners, third-party partners, public and third-party databases, social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, LinkedIn, (including from social media connections), platform providers, payment processors, and from other third parties.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Personal Information Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
Our Uses of Your Personal Information.
We collect and use your personal information for the purposes described below (with your consent, where required under the applicable law):
To provide our Services to you.
To communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to your inquiries, and for other customer service purposes.
To tailor the content and information we may send or display to you, offer location customization, personalized help and instructions, or to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Site or Services. Depending on the Services that you use, you may be able to upload facial images and expressions to the Services. This information is stored on your device and is not used to identify you. In order to use this Service, you must agree to receive advertising and to share your name, email address and country with our third-party distributors and resellers. However, no facial images or expressions are shared with our third-party distributors or resellers.
For marketing, promotional, and customer support purposes in accordance with applicable laws. For example, we may use your personal information, such as your e-mail address, to send you news and newsletters, special offers and promotions, informational materials, or to otherwise contact you about products, services, or other information we think may interest you. We also use the information that we learn about you to assist us in advertising on third-party websites and to assist us in evaluating the success of our advertising campaigns on various platforms.
To better understand how individuals access and use our Services, to improve and develop our Services, and to respond to individuals’ desires and preferences. This includes using personal data for purposes such as data analysis and conducting surveys or questionnaires, such as for market research or customer satisfaction purposes.
To help verify user activity, as well as to promote safety and security, such as by monitoring fraud, investigating suspicious or potentially illegal activity or violations of our terms of use or other policies, protecting our rights, or pursuing available remedies.
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other business administration purposes, including authenticating your identity, maintaining customer records, monitoring your compliance with any of your agreements with us, collecting debts owed to us, safeguarding our business interests, and managing or transferring our assets or liabilities, for example in the case of an acquisition, disposition, or merger, as described below.
For purposes that we may notify you of or to which you consent.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We may share your information, including personal information, (with your consent, where required under the applicable law), as follows:
Vendors, Service Providers, and Other Processors
.
We may disclose the information we collect from you to vendors, service providers, or other processors, such as customer management providers, invoice management providers, and IT services providers, to help us provide our Services to you, to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used, and to provide other services.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
We may disclose the information we collect from you to our
affiliates or subsidiaries
as needed to provide the Services to you.
In addition, we may also share your information under the following circumstances:
Business Transfers.
If (i) we or our affiliates are or may be acquired by, merged with, or invested in by another company, or (ii) if any of our assets are or may be transferred to another company, whether as part of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or otherwise, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company. As part of the business transfer process, we may share certain of your personal information with lenders, auditors, and third-party advisors, including attorneys and consultants.
In Response to Legal Process.
We may disclose your information to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others.
We disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate to do so to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information.
We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research, or other purposes.
Others for Business Purposes.
We may also share your personal information by disclosing it to a third party for a business purpose, including the business purpose of sending general information in connection with Maxon products via email, of directly or indirectly enabling or effecting commercial transactions, and of pursuing unauthorized use of the software or license infringement in other countries, for example. We only make these business purpose disclosures under written contracts that describe the purposes, require the recipient to keep the personal information confidential, and prohibit using the disclosed information for any purpose except performing the contract. We may also share your personal data for purposes that we may notify you of or to which you consent (including where required by the applicable laws).
For more information about how we have disclosed personal information for business purposes, please see the
Categories of Personal Information Under the CCPA
and other applicable laws
section below.
Authorized Distributor or Resellers for Advertising Purposes.
If you provide your express consent, we will transfer your personal information to authorized distributors or resellers within your geographic region, which authorized distributors or resellers may use in connection with delivering advertisements regarding Maxon products to you via e-mail. Depending on the Services that you use, you may be able to upload facial images and expressions to the Services. This information is stored on your device and is not used to identify you. In order to use this Service, you must agree to receive advertising and to share your name, email address and country with our third-party distributors and resellers. However, no facial images or expressions are shared with our third-party distributors or resellers.
For more information about sales of personal information, please see the
Categories of Personal Information Under the CCPA and other applicable laws
section below.
Categories of Personal Information Under the CCPA and Other Applicable Laws
While our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information varies based upon our relationship and interactions with you, in this section we describe, generally, how we have collected and disclosed personal information about consumers in the prior twelve (12) months (from the Last Updated date above with your consent, where required under applicable laws).
Sources of Personal Information.
As further described in the
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
section above, we may collect personal information from the following sources:
directly from the individual
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
government entities
business customers/clients
Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed.
In the table below, we identify the categories of personal information (as defined by the CCPA) we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose as defined by the CCPA (where required under applicable laws), as well as the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose such personal information. For more information about the business and commercial purposes for which we may disclose personal information, as defined by the CCPA, please see the
How We Share Your Personal Information
section above.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Categories of
Personal Information
Description
Do We Disclose for a Business Purpose?
Do We Sell under the CCPA?
Categories of Third Parties to Whom
Information is Sold or Disclosed
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Identifiers
Includes direct identifiers, such as name, alias, salutation, user ID, username, account number or unique personal identifier; email address, phone number, address and other contact information; IP address and other online identifiers; and other similar identifiers.
YES
NO
service providers
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customers/clients
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Customer Records
Includes personal information, such as name, account name, user ID, contact information, payment information), that individuals provide us in order to purchase or obtain our products and services. For example, this may include information collected when an individual registers for an account, purchases or orders our products and services, posts content to one of our forums, or enters into an agreement with us related to our products and services.
YES
NO
service providers
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customers/clients
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Commercial Information
Includes records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies. For example, this may include demographic information that we receive from third parties in order to better understand and reach our customers, or information that we collect from you if participate in a contest or summit.
YES
NO
service providers
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customers/clients
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Usage Data
Includes browsing history, clickstream data, search history, access logs and other usage data and information regarding an individual’s interaction with our websites, mobile apps and other Services, and our marketing emails and online ads.
YES
NO
service providers
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customers/clients
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Geolocation Data
Includes precise location information about a particular individual or device.
YES
NO
service providers
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customers/clients
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Audio, Video and Electronic Data
Includes audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information such as photographs and images (e.g., that you provide us or post to your profile) and call recordings or recordings of remote support sessions (e.g., of customer support calls or remote sessions).
YES
NO
service providers
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customers/clients
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Protected Classifications
Includes characteristics of protected classifications such as disability information and medical conditions (e.g., which we may collect in order to make available appropriate accommodations for events and other activities), information that you voluntarily include in your account profile (e.g., gender, marital status and political affiliation).
NO
NO
service providers
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customers/clients
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Inferences
Includes inferences drawn from other personal information that we collect to create a profile reflecting an individual’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes. For example, we may analyze personal information in order to identify the offers and information that may be most relevant to customers, so that we can better reach them with relevant offers and ads.
YES
YES
service providers
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customers/clients
Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
We use cookies to improve the performance of our website and enhance the user experience for those who visit the website (with your consent, where required by applicable laws).
Cookies which are not strictly necessary for the provision of the website will only be stored on your device and accessed based on your freely-given consent. You may withdraw such consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before its withdrawal, by accessing our consent management platform. Further information on our use of cookies can be found in our cookie consent management tool, which can be accessed at the bottom left of every page of the website.
Your Consumer Rights Under the CCPA and Other Applicable Laws
You may have the following rights where permitted under the CCPA and other applicable laws:
Right to Request Disclosure.
The right to request, free of charge, that we disclose information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months or longer period where permitted under applicable laws, including:
The categories of personal information we collect about you;
What personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you;
The categories of sources of the personal information we collect about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting the personal information;
For each category of personal information, the categories of third parties with whom it was disclosed; and
The specific pieces of personal information we collect about you.
You may request a copy of the personal information we hold about you. For more information on how to request information about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information, please see the
Submitting Your Requests
section below.
Right to Request Deletion.
The right to request the deletion of your personal information that we collected. For more information on how to request deletion, please see the
Submitting Your Requests
below. Once we receive your request and verify your identity, we will review your request to see if an exception allowing us to retain the information applies. We will delete or de-identify personal information not subject to an applicable exception from our records and where required by applicable law, and will direct our service providers to take similar action.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your deletion rights. We will only use personal information provided in a deletion request to review and comply with the request.
Right to Request Opt-Out of the Sale of Your Personal Information.
If you are age 16 or older, the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time. Please note that we do not sell the personal information of consumers of any age.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you or your authorized representative may submit an opt-out request by following the procedures specified in the
Submitting Your Requests
section below. Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorized personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by clicking this
link
.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Right of Non-Discrimination.
The right to be free from discriminatory adverse treatment for exercising these rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights, or your rights under other applicable laws where we are not permitted to do so. Under certain applicable laws, you also may have the right to refuse decisions based solely on automated decision making technology that materially affects you.
You may have the following rights under applicable laws:
Right to correct.
The right to request correction of personal information we hold about you that is incorrect or inaccurate.
Right to withdraw consent or deregister your account.
The right to withdraw your consent to processing of your personal information. Processing prior to the withdrawal of your consent will be not affected. You also may have the right to deregister your account that you registered on any Site or any Services (if any).
Right to Transfer.
The right to request transfer of your personal information to another organisation.
Submitting Your Requests
Requests to Know, Correct, Delete, Transfer, Withdraw- Your Consent or Deregister Your Account.
To exercise your rights to know or delete described above, you may submit a request by contacting us through the following method:
Via email at
gdpr@maxon.net
Requests to Opt-Out of Sales of Your Personal Information.
To exercise your right to opt-out of sales of your personal information, you may submit a request form via our website at this
link
. You may also submit a request by email at
gdpr@maxon.net
.
Verification of Requests.
Only you, or an individual legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request to know, delete, or opt-out related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us by using the contact information above.
You may only submit a request to know twice within a 12-month period to the extent you are exercising a right under the CCPA. Your request to know or delete must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information, or that the requestor is your authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We may request information from you in order to verify your identity. Additionally, we may require that authorized agents provide proof of their authorization. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we are unable to verify your identity, your authority to make a request on behalf of another person, or if we cannot confirm that the personal information relates to you. In general, we will verify your request and your identity by matching the information you provided with the information we have in our records.
You do not need to create an account with us to submit a request to know, or to submit a request to delete your personal information or opt-out of sales of your personal information.
We will only use personal information provided in the request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make it.
Transfers of Personal Information Outside of China
If you are resident in China, with your separate consent, we may transfer, access or store your personal information outside of the People’s Republic of China where we are satisfied that adequate levels of protection are in place to protect the integrity and security of your personal information or adequate security measures are adopted and in compliance with applicable laws, such as contractual arrangements. Where required by applicable laws, we will put in place appropriate measures to ensure that processing of your personal information outside of the People’s Republic of China is safeguarded by the equivalent level of data protection as in the People’s Republic of China.
Third-Party Links
Our Site and Services may contain links to third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites.
Security of Your Personal Information
We have implemented reasonable and appropriate security precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust, unique password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
Minors
We do not knowingly collect or process personal information of minors under the age of 14 without the consent of their parents or guardians, or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. We will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible should we become aware of minors’ personal information. Parents or guardians can contact us to request such deletion.
Access to Your Personal Information
You may modify personal information that you have submitted by logging into your account and updating your profile information. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified, or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Site or Services for a period of time.
Your Choices Regarding Our Use of Your Personal Information
We may send periodic promotional e-mails to you (with your consent, where required by applicable laws). You may opt-out of promotional e-mails by following the opt-out instructions contained in the e-mail. If you opt-out of receiving promotional e-mails, we may still send you e-mails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us.
Changes to this Policy
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time (with your consent, where required under the applicable law), so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Site and Applications.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our Site or Services or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at:
Maxon Computer Inc.
515 Marin Street, Suite 322
Thousand Oaks, CA 91360
United States
E-mail: gdpr@maxon.net
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.sheerid.com/global-privacy-policy/:
SheerID Global Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 5, 2024
This Privacy Policy explains how SheerID, Inc
.
and
its subsidiaries and affiliates (“
SheerID
”, “
we
”, or “
us
”) collect, use, and disclose information about you.  We strive to protect and respect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our websites and other online products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “
Services
”), contact our customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us directly.
This Privacy Policy applies to specific SheerID Services for which SheerID acts as a business or controller, meaning that for the information collected for those Services, SheerID controls or determines how your personal information is used, processed, shared, and retained. SheerID does this in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy, your expectations, and your privacy rights. As of the date of this Privacy Notice, the SheerID Services to which this Privacy Policy apply are:
SheerID’s Remember Me Services (Remember Me).
SheerID’s Audience Services.
Because certain features of the Audience Services may constitute “sales”, “sharing”, or “targeted advertising” under applicable data privacy laws, additional information about how SheerID collects, uses, and discloses information about you as part of the Audience Service is available
here
. For general information about the Audience Services, read
here
.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information:
(a)
processed by SheerID on behalf of other companies utilizing SheerID’s verification platform to verify your identity or age for the purposes of providing you with a discount or other offers (collectively, “
Clients
”); or
(b)
collected by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to, be accessible from, or present in the Services (collectively, “
Third Party Services
”).
In these cases, the relevant Client or Third Party Services acts as the business or controller. If you have any questions about how Clients or Third Party Services collect, use, process, or disclose your personal information, please review their respective privacy policies.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will revise the date at the end of this policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
Contents
What Information We Collect and How We Collect It
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Analytics, Tracking & Targeted Advertising
Your Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
Data Retention
Data Security
Additional Disclosures: U.S. State Privacy Notice & California Notice at Collection
Transfer of Information to the United States and Other Countries & Additional Disclosures for Individuals in Europe
Additional Disclosures for Employment Applicants
Contact Us
What Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information that you provide directly to us. For example, you share information with us when you sign up for Remember Me, subscribe to our services or request further information, fill in a form, complete a survey, make a purchase, communicate with us via third party platforms, participate in a contest or promotion, request customer support, search on our website, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of personal information we may collect include your name, email address, phone number, log-in credentials, postal address, eligibility credentials (e.g., whether you are a student, member of the military or medical profession, or other discount-qualifying criteria), credit card or other payment information, or any other information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Interact with Us and How We Collect It
When you access our Services, website, or otherwise transact business with us, we automatically collect certain information, including:
Activity Information:
We collect information about your activity in relation to our Services, such as internet traffic data, website access times, website pages viewed, links clicked, logs, and other communication data. This may include the website page(s) you visited before navigating to our Services and the resources that you access and use on our Services.
Transactional Information:
When you access a discount or offer through our website, we may collect information about the transaction, such as product details, and the date and location of the transaction.
Device and Usage Information:
We collect information about how you access our Services, including data about the device and network you use, such as your hardware model, operating system version, mobile network, IP address, unique device identifiers, browser type, and app version.
Location Information:
In accordance with your device permissions, we may collect information about the precise location of your device. You may stop the collection of precise location information at any time (see the
Your Choices
section below for details).
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies:
We (and our Third Party Services) use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. Web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) are electronic images that we use on our Services and in our emails to help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, see our
Cookie Policy
, the
Manage Cookie Consents
cookie banner and tool, and the
Your Choices
section below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We obtain information from third party sources. For example, as part of our Services, we may collect and process information about you from identity verification services, employment or academic verification services, social networks, credit bureaus, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and mailing list providers.   Additionally, if you create or log into your SheerID account through a third party platform, we will have access to certain information from that platform, such as your unique user identification, email address, and first and last name in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such platform.
Information We Derive
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, we may make inferences about your interests or personalize your user experience and what Services we show you based on your industry, company, or how you interact with our website.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present, customize, and personalize our website and its contents for you;
To present, customize and personalize your user experience, including the interactive chat features, and what Services we show you when you visit and interact with our website;
To create your Remember Me account;
To process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations, receipts, invoices, and customer experience surveys;
To personalize and improve your experience on our Services;
To send you technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
To respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
To communicate with you about products, services, and events offered by us and others that we think will interest you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, see the
Your Choices
section below for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time;
To monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
To personalize the advertisements you see when you use our Services based on information provided by our advertising partners;
To market and promote our Services to you;
To detect, investigate, and prevent security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity and security threats and to protect the rights and property of SheerID and others;
To debug to identify and repair errors in our Services;
To process employment applications;
To pursue the legitimate interests listed below in
Additional Disclosures for Individuals in Europe
To comply with our legal and financial obligations; and
To carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
How We Share Your Information
We may disclose personal information in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this privacy policy:
We share personal information to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.  If you seek to accept a benefit from one or more of our Clients, including through participation in Remember Me, that is advertised or located on our website, we will share your information with the Clients. Your information may be used by our Clients to provide you with products or services or to inform you of additional products or services.
We share personal information with vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to personal information in order to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, shipping and delivery, payment processing, fraud prevention, customer service, and marketing and advertising.  Each is bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential, secure, and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. A list of the processors that SheerID regularly engages with can be found
here
and in the
Cookie Policy
. If you have questions about who SheerID discloses your information to, please reach out to us through one of the mechanisms listed below in
Contact Us
.
We may disclose personal information if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may share personal information if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of SheerID, our users, the public, or others.
We share personal information with our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests.
We may share personal information in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, acquisition, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our business.
Personal information is shared between and among SheerID and our current and future parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership.
We share personal information at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot be reasonably used to identify you.
Analytics, Tracking & Targeted Advertising
Analytics
We deploy and engage others to provide analytics services on our behalf. These include the use of cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by SheerID to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, customize, or personalize the Services shown to you on our website, and better understand your online activity. You may choose to opt out of the collection of analytics and performance cookies and other technologies by visiting the
Manage Cookie Consents
tool and sliding the toggle from blue to gray next to or beneath (depending on your device) “Statistics” or by using the functionality in your browser to reject cookies. For information about what cookies SheerID deploys or allows others to deploy on its website, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
Online Tracking & Targeted Advertising
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites.  We also allow others to use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and on other websites and applications. Some of these activities may constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “selling” under certain laws. You can opt out of having your personal information used or disclosed for these purposes via cookies and similar technologies on our website by visiting the
Manage Cookie Consents
tool and sliding the toggle from blue to gray next to or beneath (depending on your device) “Marketing” or by visiting our website with a legally recognized opt-out preference signal, such as the Global Privacy Control. To learn more about the choices available to you with respect to these practices, visit
Your Privacy Choices
or
Manage Cookie Consents
tool, as well as our
Cookie Policy
.  For additional information on “sharing”, “sale” or “targeted advertising, click
here
. To opt-out of non-cookie based “sharing” or “targeted advertising,” visit
Your Privacy Choices
.
For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices
.
Your Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Account Information
. You may update and correct certain account information at any time by logging into your account, emailing us at
privacy@sheerid.com
, or accessing your user preferences within our Marketing
Email Preference Center
.
If you wish to delete your account, please email us at
privacy@sheerid.com
or see
Additional Disclosures: U.S. State Privacy Notice & California Notice at Collection
or
Additional Disclosures for Individuals in Europe
below for instructions on how to exercise a deletion or erasure request.  Note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for our legitimate business purposes.
Cookies.
In the U.S., most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
For more information about cookies and how to disable them, see our
Cookie Policy
and the
Manage Cookie Consents
tool. In Europe, you must opt into cookies.
Promotional Offers from SheerID.
In the U.S., if you do not wish to have your contact information used by SheerID to promote our own Services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data or at any other time by updating your user preferences within our Marketing
Email Preference Center
.
If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions or use the “unsubscribe”. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. In Europe, we will not send you promotional emails unless we have your opt-in consent.
Data Retention
We store personal data associated with Client or Remember Me accounts for as long as an account remains active. If you close your account, we will delete your account data within 30 days; otherwise, we will delete your account data after two years of inactivity.
We store other personal data for as long as necessary to carry out the purposes for which we originally collected it and for other legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory, or other compliance obligations.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given your (or where you have chosen a) password for access to certain parts of our Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Services.  Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.  We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Services.
Additional Disclosures: U.S. State Privacy Notice & California Notice at Collection
California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia have enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require additional disclosures and additional states have enacted consumer privacy laws that will be in effect soon (collectively, “
State Privacy Laws
”). If you are a resident of one of these states, this section applies to you.  Note that SheerID enables all of its customers, not just those in states that have passed privacy laws, to exercise Data Subject Requests, defined below.
Under the State Privacy Laws, you may have the following rights, including the right to (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose and access your personal information, including receive the information in a portable format, (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information, (4) opt out of any “sales” or “shares” of your personal information that may be occurring, including targeted advertising; and (5) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights (“
Data Subject Requests
”).
You may make these requests by emailing
privacy@sheerid.com
, calling 1-833-317-3372
, or visiting
Your Privacy Choices
. We will verify your request by asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us, such as your account information, name, physical and/or email address, telephone number, or other identifying information.  We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the State Privacy Laws. Please note that this number is for privacy inquiries only. For questions regarding how to complete your verification request, please visit
Your Privacy Choices
or our
Help Center
.
If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to submit Data Subject Requests on your behalf.  If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us by emailing us at
privacy@sheerid.com
or calling 1-833-317-3372.
You may also have the right to appeal the denial of any of these Data Subject Requests, depending on the state in which you reside, by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request and are aware that you live in a state that provides an appeal right. Depending on your data choices, certain Services may be limited or unavailable.
SheerID processes all Data Subject Requests and does not screen or limit them by jurisdiction.  From January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022, SheerID received three Data Subject Requests.  SheerID responded to those which it was able to verify and authenticate and that were addressed to SheerID in its capacity as a controller.
California Residents
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
California & Colorado Residents
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected and disclosed the following categories of personal information: identifiers, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, characteristics of
protected classifications under state or federal law, and professional or employment related information. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes and uses described in the
How We Use Your Information
section above.
For details about the personal information that we collect and the categories of sources of such collection, please see
What Information We Collect and How We Collect It
above.
For a list of categories of personal information that we (1) have collected and
disclosed in the preceding 12 months to our service providers and vendors for business purposes, and (2) “sell,” “share” or use for “Targeted Advertising” as those terms are defined by the State Privacy Laws, click
here
.
Nevada Residents
If you are a resident
of the State of Nevada, you have the right to submit a verified request directing us not to sell your personal information. If you are a Nevada resident, and would like to submit such a request, please visit
Your Privacy Choices
.
Virginia Residents
SheerID may use de-identified data in some instances. SheerID either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable State Privacy Laws.
Transfer of Information to the United States and other Countries & Additional Disclosures for Individuals in Europe
SheerID is headquartered in the United States, and we have operations and service providers in the United States and other countries. Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction.  We will take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it, including putting appropriate safeguards in place such as standard contractual clauses approved under applicable data protection laws.
Additional Disclosures for Individuals in Europe
If you are located in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding the processing of your personal information or data.
When we process your personal information, we will do so in reliance on one or more of the following lawful bases:
To perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., processing payments for and providing the products and services you requested).
To pursue our “legitimate interests” in conducting and managing our business activities and to ensure that we are guaranteeing the best service and experience for you and our customers (e.g., to provide, maintain, personalize, enhance and improve our Services, to monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services, to enforce our policies and comply with legal obligations, to comply with marketing opt-outs and unsubscribes, to defect, monitor, and prevent fraud or other unlawful acts, or to communicate with you).
To comply with our legal obligations (e.g., to maintain a record of your consents, track those who have opted out of marketing communications, and comply with other regulatory obligations).
When we have your consent to do so (e.g., when you opt in to receive marketing communications from us). When consent is the legal basis for our processing your personal data, you may withdraw such consent at any time.
Where we are processing personal data on behalf of our Clients, the Client is the Controller and SheerID is a Processor, as those terms are defined under the applicable privacy laws. You are encouraged to review the Client’s privacy policy directly for information concerning the collection, use, and processing of your personal data.
Disclosures related to the eduGAIN / Geant Data Protection Code of Conduct can be found
here
.
We are committed to the
Code of Practice
which describes an approach to meet the requirements of the EU GDPR in federated identity management.
Subject to certain limitations, you have the following privacy rights:
Access
: you are entitled to ask us if we are processing your information and, if we are, you can request access to your personal information.  This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and certain other information about it.
Correction
: you are entitled to request that any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you is corrected.
Erasure
: you are entitled to ask us to delete or remove personal data in certain circumstances. There are also certain exceptions where we may refuse a request for erasure, for example, where the personal data is required for compliance with law or in connection with claims.
Restriction
: you are entitled to ask us to suspend the processing of certain of your personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Portability
: you may ask us to help you transfer certain of your personal information to another party.
Objection
:
where we are processing your personal data based on a legitimate interests (or those of a third party), you may challenge this. However, we may be entitled to continue processing your information in case there are compelling legitimate grounds to do so. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Automated decisions
: you may contest any automated decision made about you where this has a legal or similar significant effect and ask for it to be reconsidered.
Consent
: where we are processing personal data with consent, you can withdraw your consent.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
privacy@sheerid.com
or visi
t
Your Privacy Choices
.
The Data Protection Framework
SheerID complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
SheerID has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal information or personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  SheerID has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks, EU, UK, and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under the Data Privacy Frameworks, should direct their query to
privacy@sheerid.com
or visit
Your Privacy Choices
. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to
privacy@sheerid.com
.
SheerID’s accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Data Privacy Frameworks and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Data Privacy Framework Principles. In particular, SheerID remains responsible and liable under the Data Privacy Framework Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless SheerID proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
SheerID Internal Complaint Mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, SheerID commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact us at privacy@sheerid.com or visi
t
Your Privacy Choices
.
SheerID is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission pursuant to the Data Protection Framework.
Alternate Dispute Resolution Body
SheerID has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Data Privacy Framework Principles to a U.S.-based independent dispute resolution mechanism, BBB NATIONAL PROGRAMS. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
www.bbbprograms.org/dpf-complaints
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
Supervisory Authorities & Right to Lodge a Complaint
If you have a concern about our processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority where you reside. Contact details for your Data Protection Authority can be found using the links below:
For individuals in the EEA: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
For individuals in the UK: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
For individuals in Switzerland: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact.html
Additional dispute resolution procedures are set out in our
Terms of Use
under “Governing Law and Jurisdiction”.
Additional Disclosures for Employment Applicants
This section of the Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise processes about you as an as an applicant or potential job candidate (“Candidate Information”).  This section does not apply to you as a current or former SheerID employee. This section provides additional information for employment applicants only.  Other sections of this Privacy Policy may also apply.
In addition to the personal information discussed above in the “
What Information We Collect and How We
Collect It
” section, we also collect Candidate Information you provide directly to us, information that we obtain from third parties including references, and information about you that we develop during our interaction with you such as through background check providers, recruitment consultants or professional recruitment agencies.  We may also derive Candidate Information by creating a profile reflecting your employment preferences, characteristics, behavior, intelligence, abilities, aptitudes, such as through notes taken as part of the interview process. Some of this information is collected automatically, and other information you may choose to provide to us. The types of personal information we may collect or develop include:
Identifiers, such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, driver’s license or passport number, social security number, visas, and work authorizations.
Demographic information, when required by law or to support of workplace initiatives, such as your gender, racial or ethnic origin, veteran status, and disability status if you voluntarily submit such information as part of your application.
Professional or employment-related information, such as your resume or CV, cover letter, work history, educational information, professional licenses, and other experience, as well as contact information for both references and your current employer, employment application, information provided by references, background checks, our assessment of recruitment information.
Social Networking and Similar Information, to the extent permitted by law, such as social media and public profile information, including URLs related to your LinkedIn, Twitter, and your personal website.
Other information that you submit, including additional information provided in an application form, cover letter, or other work product.
If and to the extent relevant for a specific role, information necessary to run a background check, such as information obtained either from you or through reference and background checks, subject to any further permissions or notifications required and/or permitted by applicable law
Sensitive Personal Information: In some cases, we may collect sensitive personal information about you, which requires a higher level of protection. Please note that, where permitted by law, we may collect, store, and use sensitive personal information about you, including race, ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, gender, age, marital status, and health and medical conditions. We collect this information for specific purposes, such as to accommodate a disability or illness, provide benefits, comply with legal obligations, and protect the health and safety of our employees. Please be assured that we will only use such sensitive information to process your application and evaluate your candidacy as reasonably expected by an average person — and in accordance with applicable law.
In addition to the uses of personal information discussed above in the “
What Information We Collect and How We
Collect It
” section, we use personal information to comply with statutory obligations we have in relation to your application, including confirming your eligibility to work in a given location. These purposes include:
Administering and processing your application, including verifying your identification, experience, and other information you submit and, if your application progresses, any interview information, and background check information.
Communicating with you about your application.
Assessing and evaluating your suitability for the role for which you have applied or for other vacancies.
Conducting reference and background checks, including criminal records checks.
Complying with applicable laws and employment-related requirements, including verifying identification information and information required to initiate employment, for purposes such as confirming ability to legally work in a specific location, setting up payroll, withholdings and benefits, and complying with statutory reporting requirements.
For other notified purposes with your consent.
If you accept employment with SheerID, your Candidate Information will become part of your employment record and will be used for employment purposes in accordance with applicable law and any applicable employee Privacy Notice and Notice at Collection. If you are not accepted for a role, however, we may still keep your application, including relevant Candidate Information, to allow us to consider you for other career opportunities and provided that, if required by applicable laws, we obtained your prior consent for such longer retention of your personal data.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which SheerID collects and uses your information described here, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under applicable law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
SheerID, Inc.:
E-mail address:
privacy@sheerid.com
Postal address: 1300 SW 5th Avenue, Suite 2100, Portland, OR 97201 USA
Web Form:
https://www.sheerid.com/contact-us-form/
Data Protection Officer:
Greg Damon is SheerID’s Data Protection Officer.  On matters related to the processing of personal data, Greg Damon can be contacted at
privacy@sheerid.com
.
EU Representative:
Francois Rychlewski is SheerID’s Article 27 (GDPR) representative in the European Union.  On matters related to the processing of personal data, Francois Rychlewski can be contacted in addition to SheerID.  Francois can be contacted at
privacy@sheerid.com
.
Last Updated: November 5, 2024
Sub-policy 1
https://onfido.com/privacy/:
English
Español
Italiano
Français
Take a tour
Blog
Support
Sign in
Table of Contents
Onfido Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policies
1. This Privacy Policy
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
3. Using Information As Controller
4. Data Sharing
5. Information Security
6. Data Storage
7. Your Rights
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
Table of Contents
Onfido Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policies
1. This Privacy Policy
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
3. Using Information As Controller
4. Data Sharing
5. Information Security
6. Data Storage
7. Your Rights
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
Our Privacy Policies
This Privacy Policy explains how Onfido, an Entrust company, (“we”, “us”, “our”) uses personal information about our clients’ users, and others, to provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients. Users located in the US should also refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
which takes priority over the information below to the extent there is any inconsistency or ambiguity.
If you are looking for details of the personal information we collect in other circumstances, please see the relevant policy listed below:
Our
Website and B2B Privacy Policy
explains how we collect, use, and otherwise process personal information of people who visit our websites or otherwise interact with Onfido in a business to business capacity.
Our
Cookie and SDK Policy
contains information about the cookies we use, why we use them, and your privacy choices regarding cookies.
If you are a candidate applying for a role at Onfido, please see the Candidate Privacy Policy displayed in our Application Portal.
Please note that if you are a resident of California, Onfido’s California Privacy Notice does not apply to our use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy because when we use information to provide our Identity Services, we use this information as a service provider on behalf of a client. The client, as the business, may have additional obligations under California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, and we suggest you review their privacy policy for further details.
1. This Privacy Policy
At Onfido, we’re simplifying digital identity for everyone. We help our clients to verify their users so they can access their services quickly, easily and - most important of all - securely. When we verify an identity, carry out checks related to an identity, or provide user authentication services (our “
Identity Services
”), we’re committed to protecting the privacy and security of that identity.
When we process your personal information so we can provide Identity Services to a client, we are acting on the client’s behalf as their service provider and processor. The section below headed “
The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
” explains what we do with this information, but if you are a user of an Onfido client you should review the client’s privacy policy for full information about how your personal information is collected and used.
As well as handling your personal information on behalf of a client in order to provide Identity Services to them, we may also handle your personal information on our own behalf as a controller. For example, we may use the personal information that we collect when providing our Identity Services, and personal information that is publicly available, to develop and improve our Identity Services. For information about how we use personal information as a controller, please see the section of this Privacy Policy headed “
Using Information As Controller
.”
We may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make material changes, we will publish those changes before they come into effect and notify our clients so they can consider whether to update their own policies and notify their users.
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
To provide our Identity Services to a client, we collect certain personal information about the client’s users.
Our
clients
are organizations that have asked Onfido to verify someone’s identity, or to carry out checks related to their identity.
Our clients’
users
are the individuals whose identities a client has asked us to verify or otherwise check.
We may collect personal information about a user from the client, from the user, or from third party data providers (“Data Providers”). Data Providers are trusted third party service providers or public authorities who provide additional information depending on the Identity Service a client has chosen to use.
The following paragraphs provide details of the personal information we collect on behalf of a client depending on which of our Identity Services the client chooses to use. If you are in the EEA or UK, our client is responsible for identifying a legal basis which permits your personal information to be used for the purposes described below; you should review their privacy policy for further details.
Document Checks
Onfido’s
document checks
verify identity documents from across the globe by analyzing an image or video of the document. Our system extracts information from the image/video or, if possible, from the security chip embedded in the document. Our models analyze the authenticity of the document, which may include machine-readable zones, barcodes, QR codes, and security chips, to verify whether the document is genuine or shows signs of tampering. We will also compare the image or video of the identity document with information about compromised identities that have been leaked or otherwise made publicly available.
Information collected: personal information extracted from a user’s identity document, for example name, document number, date of birth, nationality, type of document, issuing country, expiration date, information embedded in barcodes, QR codes, security chips and features (which will vary depending on the type of document), and the image metadata associated with the image or video of the document.
Important: If you are a user living in the Netherlands, please be advised that Onfido may automatically mask your
BSN number
on your identity document in our back-end systems when required under Dutch law, and particularly the Dutch Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Act.
Biometric Checks and Authentication
When providing
biometric checks
as part of our Identity Services, we’ll ask for an image or video (including an audio recording) of a user’s face (a “
Selfie
”), as well as an image or video to use as a reference image (for example, an image of their identity document). We generate two scans of the user’s face (one from the Selfie, and one from the reference image) and we compare those two scans to assess whether the person in the Selfie is likely to be the same person pictured in the reference image. Additionally, as part of our Identity Services, we will also evaluate the authenticity of the images and videos (including audio recordings) and identity documents, including detecting whether there is a genuine human or physical document in your photos/videos, and identifying signs of tampering, coercion or social engineering.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy under the section below headed “Fraud checks, including device integrity and fraud signals”, when performing biometric checks we do not store the extracted face scans once the check is complete. Where a client has asked us to provide an authentication service, the client may ask Onfido to store a reference image chosen by the client for each relevant user. (This image is retained in accordance with retention periods set by the client and subject to any maximum retention periods specified by Onfido or in applicable laws.) When Onfido is asked to authenticate a user, we will generate two face scans - one using a new image of the user and one using the reference image we have stored. If the two images match, the authentication is confirmed. Clients who wish to use an authentication service without the need for Onfido to store a reference image can choose to store an encrypted version of the face scan relating to a reference image themselves (including on the user’s device). When Onfido is asked to authenticate a user, we will be given access to the stored face scan and we will compare it to a new face scan that we generate using a new image of the user. If the two images match, the authentication is confirmed.
Information collected: images or videos (including audio recordings) of a user and/or of their identity document, metadata extracted from those images or videos, and data extracted from those images or videos that may be construed as a scan of face geometry or a voiceprint and which may be considered to be biometric identifiers or biometric information by applicable US biometric privacy laws. Users located in the US should refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
for details.
Data Verification
Onfido provides clients with
data verification
checks via a network of trusted Data Providers (defined above) and our own internal checks. These checks enable clients to verify their users, detect fraud and comply with anti money laundering (AML) and Know Your Client (KYC) requirements. We conduct these checks by comparing personal information provided by the client or the user with information held by Data Providers or information extracted from documents, e.g. a utility bill for
proof of address
checks. Our global network of data verification services varies depending on a user's location and includes voter and driving license registers and other government databases, police databases, consumer credit agencies, sanctions and Politically Exposed Persons (PEP) lists, adverse media sources, utility companies, mobile network providers and other trusted commercial sources. At the request of a client, these services may be provided on an ongoing basis, for example where a client’s regulatory obligations require ongoing monitoring against sanction and PEP lists.
Information collected: the information collected will vary depending on the availability of checks in the user’s location and the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients. It may include contact details such as postal address, email address, telephone number, social security number or other national identity number, information extracted from a utility bill a user uploads or other information provided by the Data Provider e.g. a user’s mobile network operator, publicly available information from media searches, sanctions and PEP lists.
Fraud checks, including device integrity and fraud signals
Onfido leverages a number of different
fraud detection
capabilities. Some of these depend on the scope of the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients, whereas other fraud checks are applied across all of the above services. For example, Onfido will analyze the metadata associated with the user’s Selfie and the image or video of their identity document (to identify whether any editing software can be detected) to assess the likelihood that the user is genuine.
Onfido can also help clients to determine whether a device, email address or phone number has previously been used in relation to suspected fraudulent activity, shows unusual usage patterns, has been manipulated or otherwise indicates that the user may not be genuine. At a client’s request, Onfido and our Data Providers may collect ‘passive signals’ from the client (for example mobile number or email address) or a user’s device as they engage with the client’s website or app or Onfido’s Identity Services. Such information may include device identifiers, IP address, information about the device (for example the operating system used, whether the device is providing false randomized device and network information or has otherwise been compromised) and how the user interacts with it. Together this information helps Onfido and our Data Providers assess the likelihood of you being a genuine user, assign a risk score and infer certain information such as your broad geographical location from your IP address.
At a client’s request, we can also check whether we have previously verified a user on behalf of that client by comparing the information submitted as part of a new Document Check and/or Biometric Check, to information we have previously verified for that client. (More specifically, at a client’s request we will retain information (including face scans depending on the service the client has chosen to use) extracted from a user’s identity document or Selfie, and compare this retained information to the newly submitted information. As explained further below, clients determine how long we retain the extracted information). This helps our client not only verify users’ identities but further protects them and their users from fraud by helping clients understand when a user may be generating multiple identities, editing and tampering with documents or manipulating device or network information.
Information collected: the information collected will vary depending on the availability of checks in the user’s location and the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients. It may include: the information listed in the Document Check and/or Biometric Check sections above; data extracted from images or videos of identity documents that may be construed as a scan of face geometry and which may be considered to be biometric identifiers or biometric information by applicable US biometric privacy laws (users located in the US should refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
for details); mobile number, email address, IP address, device details including device identifiers and other information about the user’s device and how they are interacting with our Identity Services (for example we may collect information about the upload time, which version of our software was used, the camera name and model used to capture any images and whether there are any indicators that the device has been tampered with or emulated). We may also analyze how the user is interacting with their device to assess the likelihood of of the user being a genuine user and who they say they are, for example
fraudsters
will cut and paste large volumes of information from their clipboard, use this functionality multiple times and otherwise navigate between applications on their device very differently from a genuine user. Onfido and our Data Providers may also use such information to infer other information about the user, for example their broad geographical location from their IP address, or to calculate an identity risk score to assist clients in determining whether the user is a genuine user.
Onfido Reports and Automated Decision Making
Once we have verified an identity or run a check, we share the results with the client in a report (“
Onfido Report
”). Below, we have provided a graphical representation of an Onfido Report:
Each Onfido Report contains an overall result of ‘Clear’ or ‘Consider’:
If we’re able to verify the identity of a user, and the requested checks do not show signs of fraud or other anomalies, we notify the client that the checks are Clear.
If we’re unable to verify the identity of a user, or the user isn’t able to pass all requested checks or the checks show signs of fraud or other anomalies, we return a Consider result.
If we return a Consider result, we will also provide a detailed breakdown of the reasons why. (The reasons are generated from the different machine learning models and/or human powered processes that are used to verify an identity or perform a check.)
Onfido Reports contain recommendations only and the reasons behind them. It is then for the client to decide how to proceed with a user - based on the content of the Onfido Report, but also on the basis of other information available to them (including additional information they may have or decide to request from their users).
By providing our clients with these detailed Onfido Reports, our aim is to empower our clients to make informed decisions about their users and to provide help to users that are having difficulty in passing an Onfido check.
3. Using Information As Controller
As explained above, when we use personal information to provide Identity Services to our clients, we are acting on their behalf as their service provider and processor. However, we also process the personal information of users, and others, on our own behalf (as a “controller”) for the purposes described in this section. If you are in the EEA or UK, we will only use your personal information for a particular purpose where we have a “legal basis” for this. We have set out below the legal bases we rely upon for each purpose.
To develop and improve our Identity Services (including machine learning technologies)
At Onfido, our vision is to simplify digital identity. To do this, provided we have the permission of our clients and it is not prohibited by applicable law, we use the personal information we collect about our clients’ users (as described above) to improve and develop our Identity Services. For the same purpose, we may also use personal information that has been made publicly available or that we have obtained from a third party provided this is not prohibited by applicable law.
Developing and improving our Identity Services includes building and improving our technology (such as our machine learning technologies and algorithms) and developing and testing new checks, products and services to better verify a user’s identity and/or detect fraud. For example, we may need to train our models to recognise a novel fraud attack, a new version of an ID document or to minimize bias and improve performance. As part of this work, we train our technology to recognize specific patterns in information and make predictions about new sets of information based on those patterns. This is known as machine learning. We also train our human analysts to perform those tasks so they can assist when our machine learning models aren’t best suited for the task or are still learning. Sometimes, we’ll also re-run and re-submit checks to ensure our Identity Services are working properly, particularly when testing a new feature or service for quality checks. Together, these developments help make Onfido’s Identity Services stronger and safer for all clients and users.
We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for the legitimate interest of our clients and Onfido. Financial crime, fraud, and corruption are serious issues that affect not only the law enforcement community but financial institutions, the private sector, and other major corporations – as well as individuals themselves. As such, Onfido considers there is a clear legitimate interest in improving and developing our Identity Services for the purpose of continuing to effectively tackle and reduce fraud.
Where we use sensitive personal information for these purposes (for example, information which could potentially reveal information about someone’s racial or ethnic origin), we primarily process this information on the basis that it is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest. Such public interests include ensuring equality of treatment across all types of users by measuring and mitigating algorithmic bias with a view to providing fair and inclusive Identity Services, which effectively detect fraud, and are balanced against the rights and freedoms of users. When developing our services, Onfido implements specific measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms of those individuals whose data is used for this purpose, including pseudonymisation (where possible), impact assessments and strict security controls to safeguard their fundamental rights and their interests.
To compile statistics, benchmarking and analytics
We use personal information (such as check results, identity document type, and device metadata) to create statistics regarding the use and performance of our Identity Services. We provide these statistics to our clients so that they and we may use them to, for example, conduct benchmarking and analytics (for example, to compare a client’s missed fraud rates to the general missed fraud rate for an industry, or to analyze fraud trends). We also use these statistics to gain market insights (for example, to enhance understanding of missed fraud trends and identify fraud patterns) and to inform our decision making on product improvements. An individual cannot be identified from these statistics and where possible, we pseudonymise, aggregate and/or de-identify (and where feasible anonymise) personal information which is used for these purposes.
We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for Onfido’s and our clients’ legitimate interests in understanding (at the aggregate level) how people are using our Identity Services.
For compliance with applicable law/regulation, to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or claims, or to protect someone’s vital interests
Onfido may process the personal information we collect about our clients’ users (as described above) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or claims, or to protect someone’s vital interests. For example, we may be required by law to:
disclose information in response to a request from a government or law enforcement body as described in the section below headed “
Government and Law Enforcement Requests
”;
collect a user’s broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), either directly from them or the client or by approximating this based on the user’s device’s IP address, to enable Onfido and our clients to comply with global sanctions requirements and the increasing number of biometric and privacy laws that apply to our Identity Services. We use this broad geographic location to determine a user’s location to display the relevant consent screen and collect any necessary biometric consents or identify if a user is located in a sanctioned country where we are prohibited by law from providing services.
In connection with a business transaction or to obtain professional advice
Onfido may need to process your personal information in connection with an actual or proposed divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or any other similar transaction or proceeding, or to obtain professional advice. We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for Onfido’s legitimate interest in running its business in a commercial and compliant manner.
4. Data Sharing
In addition to sharing personal information with clients and Data Providers (as described above), Onfido also shares personal information:
With third parties who help us provide our Identity Services and perform tasks on our behalf. This includes: information technology and related infrastructure providers (who provide us with a place to store your personal information); data analytics providers (who help us to analyze trends and provide market insights); and our business process outsourcing partners (whose staff perform human review and quality checks);
With other companies in the Onfido group of companies who help us to provide our services (for example, by providing ancillary engineering, technical or customer support);
With an actual or potential buyer, investor or partner (and its agents and advisers) in relation to a business transaction;
With parties that provide Onfido with professional (e.g. advisory and auditing) advice and services;
With a competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, or court;
With any other person where instructed to do so by a client. For example, if a client has configured the Identity Services to check whether an identity document has been previously identified as lost, stolen, fraudulent, or otherwise compromised by a government or other external party, Onfido may share that compromised identity document on behalf of that client, and the government or other external party may retain a copy to the extent they consider it necessary, proportionate, and lawful. Under the instruction of clients and as permitted by applicable law, Onfido currently shares identity documents with the
UK Metropolitan Police
as part of their
Amberhill Database
for such purposes; and
To any other person where we have a legitimate legal reason for doing so.
Whenever legally possible, we seek to protect the personal information we share by imposing contractual privacy and security safeguards on the recipient of that information. In some cases, however, it’s not possible for us to do so — for example, when we have a legal obligation to disclose information to a government authority and that government authority is not willing to enter into such contractual safeguards.
If the sharing of personal information involves cross border international transfers of data, we make such transfers in accordance with relevant privacy law requirements. For example, if personal information that is processed subject to the GDPR is transferred outside of the EEA/UK to a country that the
European Commission does not consider provides an adequate level of protection for your personal information
, we will require the receiving party to enter into the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses (and/or their UK and Switzerland equivalents). You can request a copy of these clauses by contacting us using the details in the section below headed “
Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
.”
5. Information Security
Where possible, we pseudonymize, de-identify and/or aggregate personal information to protect privacy and minimize security risks. Pseudonymized data is where we replace, transform or remove information so that it no longer identifies an individual without additional information. Onfido also takes appropriate administrative, physical, technical and organizational measures designed to help protect the information it holds from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. For more information about information security at Onfido, please visit the
Guide to Security at Onfido
.
If you think you have identified a security vulnerability or bug in our Identity Services, please report it to the Onfido security team at
security@onfido.com
and as described in the
Onfido Responsible Security Bug Disclosure Policy
.
6. Data Storage
We provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients for a variety of different reasons. Those reasons are identified by our clients, and we rely on them to tell us when they no longer need us to store the personal information we’ve collected on their behalf, subject to maximum retention periods imposed by applicable laws or defined by Data Providers or by Onfido.
Where we use personal information that has been made publicly available or that we have obtained from a third party to develop and improve our Identity Services (including machine learning technologies), we retain the information for as long as is necessary to complete the purpose for which the information was collected, subject to applicable laws and any retention periods.
Where we have a legitimate legal reason, we may store personal information for longer than described above – for example, where we are under a binding legal order not to destroy information.
7. Your Rights
Depending on where you live and subject to applicable privacy law, you may have the following rights in respect of the personal information we process about you as described in this Privacy Policy:
the right to request access to and disclosure of information that we hold.
the right to change and/or correct inaccurate information.
the right to block or suppress our processing of your information. This enables you to request that Onfido suspends the processing of your information in certain circumstances.
the right to object to our processing of your information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and you feel such processing impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
the right to request that we delete your information, subject to certain exceptions.
the right to request portability of your information. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, with your information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
the right to withdraw your consent, if applicable. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority or regulator.
If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to how we use your personal information as described under the section headed "The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients”, please contact the client so they may respond to your request directly. (If you contact us instead of our client, we will notify the relevant client so they may fulfill your request.)
If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to how we use your personal information as described under the section headed “Using Information As Controller”, please contact us at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
or at the postal address below. If you exercise any of your data protection rights detailed in this section, we will not discriminate against you.
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
If you are a government or law enforcement body that wishes to request personal or confidential information related to a check that we may have conducted on a particular user, please contact the client on whose behalf the check was carried out. Since we provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients, we are not able to disclose any information related to a specific check unless the relevant client directs us to do so, or we are subject to a legal requirement (such as a court order or statutory power mandating disclosure) to do so. If you wish to request the disclosure of information in respect of which there is such a legal requirement, please contact us at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
providing clear details of the legal requirement in your message.
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
If you would like more information about how Onfido collects and uses personal information, please contact Onfido at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
, or at: Attention: Privacy Office, Onfido Ltd, 14-18 Finsbury Square, 3rd Floor, London, EC2A 1AH, United Kingdom.
If you would like to raise a concern or otherwise communicate with our Data Protection Officer, you may contact them at
onfido@hewardmills.com
or at: Attention: Onfido Data Protection Officer, Heward Mills, 77 Farringdon Road, London, EC1M 3JU, United Kingdom.
We care about your privacy! This website uses cookies to improve your experience, tailor content to your preferences, and analyze performance and traffic on our website. We share information about use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Cookie Policy
Settings
Accept
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our website by our third party advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and to better reach you with personalised ads and content, both on our own website and third-party websites, apps, and other online services (“Services”). Advertising cookies enable the third party ad companies to track your visits to the Services, to better understand your preferences and interests in order to provide you more relevant ads on behalf of us and other companies. If you do not allow Targeting Cookies, you will still see ads online but they may be less relevant to you.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label