LetsGetChecked Privacy Policy
Overview
What Information we collect
How we use your Information
Children’s privacy
Where we store your Information
How we secure your Information
Disclosure of your Information
How long do we keep your Information?
Your rights
Changes to our Privacy Statement
Contact us
LetsGetChecked ("we", "us" or "our") is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This privacy statement ("Privacy Statement"), together with our
Cookies Policy
, describes the types of Personal Information collected and created in connection with your use of our Products and Services (including use of our LetsGetChecked iOS and Playstore Mobile Applications, collectively the “Apps”), how and why we use such Personal Information, who we share it with, and your legal rights. Please read the following carefully to ascertain how we process your Personal Information (or "Information").
We may, from time to time, provide links on
www.LetsGetChecked.ie
(the "Site") or our Apps to the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy statements and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their privacy or security practices. Please check these privacy statements before you submit any Personal Information to these websites.
For residents of the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), the service provider and the controller of your Information is PrivaPath Diagnostics Limited, trading as LetsGetChecked, a company registered in Ireland with registration number 531029 and its registered office at Unit 6, Adelphi House, George's St. Upper, Dun Laoghaire, Co. Dublin, A96 YX9N, Ireland.
For residents of the US and non-EEA countries, the service provider is LetsGetChecked Inc., a Delaware corporation assigned number SR 20150809693, with a registered office at 100 Beach Drive, St Petersburg FL 33701-3968. LetsGetChecked is a registered business name with registered number #G15000103268. If you are resident of US and non-EEA countries, or using our Products and Services from these locations, our
US Privacy Notice
may apply.
Any defined terms in the Terms of Use (which govern your access to and use of our Site) shall have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Statement.
When you access the Site or use our Products and Services, including our Apps, we collect, receive or otherwise process Information in several different ways. In many cases, you choose what Information to provide. Some Information is required in order for us to provide our Products and Services. We use your Information for the purposes described further below.
We may collect and process the following types of Information about you:
Purchase and assistance Information.
We collect Information when you purchase our Products and Services, including when you phone our Support Team. This Information will include name, gender, contact Information, billing address, delivery address and any further Information you volunteer to provide through the Site or Apps.
Health-related data.
When you purchase or use our Products and Services, we will collect and process data concerning health, including Samples, Test Information or any further Information we might receive from Accredited Laboratories. When you activate a Service or Product, we will collect and process Information relating to your personal health record as well as a suitability questionnaire to confirm that the Service or Product is appropriate to your needs. You may also provide Information to us if you connect a wearable device to one of our Products or Services.
A note on COVID-19. If you are using our COVID-19 testing services, we may collect Information from you such as symptoms you may be experiencing, and a sample to enable us to test you for COVID-19. We will then perform the testing and obtain your test results as a consequence. More information about how COVID-19 related Information may be used and disclosed by us is discussed in the following section “How we use your Information”, however please note that we generally collect your consent for use and disclosure of COVID-19 testing results, for example if sharing results with your employer or educational institution. While we generally limit collection, use and disclosure of COVID-19 related Information to supporting COVID-19-related efforts or epidemiological research, we may use Personal Information collected from the Apps as described within this privacy notice, with your consent, or where another legal basis applies. Please be assured that we do not engage in sale of Personal Information, and only share Information where required to support in the delivery of our Products and Services or as described in this Privacy Statement.
Genetic and Genetic-Related Data.
This is data relating to the inherited or acquired genetic characteristics of a natural person which give unique Information about the physiology or the health of that natural person and which result, in particular, from an analysis of a biological sample from the natural person in question (“Genetic Data”). Our collection of Genetic Data may include physical samples provided in connection with your use of our Products and Services (such as a blood sample, saliva sample, or nasal swab). We may also request or generate Genetic Data, medical history, family history, known familial genetic conditions or mutations where necessary to provide our Products and Services;
Biometric and Identity Verification Data.
In connection with certain Products and Services, we may collect documentation (such as a government issued ID) or your biometric data, such as a face scan, for the purposes of verifying your identity.
Correspondence.
We will collect and maintain your contact details when you communicate with us, sign up for promotional material, participate in special promotions, or connect with us through social media. If you contact us by email, we may keep a record of that correspondence. If you make a request with regard to the handling of your Personal Information, we may retain Information regarding the request and any actions we take or correspondence we provide in response to such request.
Website and device Information.
We collect information about your browser or device, including, where available, your IP address or device ID, operating system, and browser type. We also collect details of your visits to our Site and Apps including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, the resources that you access, web logs and other communication data. Our Site and Apps also use cookies. For detailed Information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, see our
Cookies Policy
. We may also ask you for Information when you report a problem with our Site or Apps. You may also choose to provide us access to certain features of your device, including allowing LetsGetChecked’s App to access your mobile phone camera to take pictures. This will enable you to use QR codes on our home sample collection kits (allowing you to quickly input kit details and codes, rather than hand typing), and in some cases to verify your identity (for example to allow you to photograph and share with us a passport-style photo or proof of government issued identification or other documentation).
Survey Information.
If you respond to any surveys that we might request, which are completely voluntary, we will process your responses.
Video Surveillance/CCTV. LetsGetChecked uses video surveillance/CCTV at our offices to ensure the security of our facilities, our assets and individuals who visit our offices.
We use the Information we have to help us provide, operate, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Products and Services, and for purposes described in this Privacy Statement. The broad uses of your Information are described below. As required under the GDPR and other applicable laws, we have also specified the legal bases which we rely on to process your Information.
Where legally required, we rely on your
explicit consent
to process your Information as follows:
To collect, store, and process relevant health-related data and Genetic Data, such as identifiable Information related to your past, present, and future health and healthcare, for the purposes of performing health diagnostic testing, genetic testing and genetic sequencing, and providing our health testing and genetic testing Products and Services.
To receive, store and analyse your Samples at Accredited Laboratories.
To receive, review, store and communicate your Test Information to you, including by presenting your Test Information and other reported history via the LetsGetChecked secure environment.
In some cases, to verify your identity.
To provide you with your results and, in some instances, relevant treatment options or sharing your Information where we have legal basis to do so.
To de-personalise your Information for use for service improvement, product quality improvement and/or research, as relevant.
To contact you with offers, updates and news related to Services and Products you have purchased, unless you choose not to receive these.  With your consent, we may also share Personal Information with third parties for advertising purposes.
We may use your Personal Information for research purposes where we have a legal basis to do so, or may contact you about research opportunities, clinical trials, or clinical treatments for you when appropriate. The legal basis for this activity is express prior consent (e.g. to participate in a research study), or if consent is not required as a legal basis for such activities, LetsGetChecked is acting in its legitimate business interests where not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
You can withdraw your consent to this processing at any time. Withdrawing your consent stops future processing and does not affect any processing we have already undertaken. Without your consent, however, we shall be unable to provide most of our Products and Services to you.
To fulfil our
contract(s)
with you, we process your Information – including data concerning your health and medical history – as follows:
To fill and support your purchases of our Products and Services, including to process payments and to provide customer assistance.
It is in our
legitimate interests
to process your Information as follows:
To ensure that content from our Site and Apps is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device.
To contact you with offers, updates and news related to Services and Products you have purchased, unless you choose not to receive these.
To communicate with you via various channels including by phone, SMS text message, email, and physical mail, to support in the delivery of Products and Services or to send you important account-related communications. For example, communicating with you by phone to discuss your results, or sending you an email or text message to notify you that your results are ready.
To analyse Information provided by you and others to help us administer, support and improve our business.
To detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or agreements or be illegal, including by sharing Information with law enforcement.
To ensure the security of our facilities, our assets and the people who visit our offices. This may be through the use of video surveillance/CCTV.
We are
legally obligated
to process your Information as follows:
To retain certain records about the handling of any Samples you send us for regulatory purposes.
To fulfil any applicable legal and regulatory requirements, for example regulatory reporting obligations to health agencies, or retaining certain tax and accounting records for financial reporting. For COVID-19 testing we use your Information to provide you or any authorized parties (such as an employer or other organization that you have consented to us sharing results with) with testing services, and to support in public health efforts or research (for example, reporting positive test results to local health agencies where legally required). If we use your Personal Information or Test Information for anything beyond this, we will ask for your explicit consent or else explain the legal basis for any further use of your data, if such use does not rely on your consent.
To ensure appropriate security measures are in place to protect our assets which include the personal data of our individuals who use our services.  This may include the use of video surveillance/CCTV.
Please be assured that we do not engage in sale of Personal Information, and only share Information where required to support in the delivery of our Products and Services.
We will not knowingly collect Personal Information from Site and Apps users that are under 18 years of age. We are relying on your undertaking in the
Terms of Use
that you are over 18 years of age. You should not use the Apps, Site or its Services, including purchase Products, if you are not 18 years of age or older. If you believe we might have Information from or about an individual under 18 years of age, please contact us at
dpo@letsgetchecked.com
.
The Information that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored with an Accredited Laboratory (as defined in the Terms of Use) or any supplier of data processing and data hosting services to us at a destination within the EEA. It may also be processed by staff operating inside the EEA who work for any of them. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the provision of data processing and data hosting services to us.
In certain cases, we transfer and store certain Information outside the EEA, such as to the United States. In such cases, we use a legal mechanism known as “standard contractual clauses” to protect Information transferred outside the EEA. Standard contractual clauses refer to contracts between companies transferring Personal Information that contain standard commitments, approved by the European Commission, protecting the privacy and security of the Information transferred. To request a copy of the clauses, please email us at
dpo@letsgetchecked.com
.
All Information you provide to us in purchasing or availing of our Products or Services are stored on our secure servers or else on secure servers used by our service providers. Any payment transactions effected by us will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Site or Apps, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You must not share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of Information via the internet is not secure and if you request that we communicate with you using a secure means of communication, we can arrange to do this. Once we have received your Information, we will impose obligations of confidentiality and security on any of our service providers who process the Information.
We maintain appropriate physical, electronic, standard security practices, including encryption, passwords and physical security measures, and managerial procedures to protect the security and confidentiality of your Personal Information. Only a limited number of our internal staff are authorised to access, delete or modify your data.
We share Information with service providers, affiliates, partners, and other third parties where it is necessary to provide the Products and Services, or for any other purposes described in this Privacy Statement. In particular, we may share your Information with certain third party suppliers and service providers to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Products and Services. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Statement by imposing obligations of security and confidentiality on such service providers.
Your Information may be provided as necessary to the following categories of recipients:
Accredited Laboratories
Couriers
Communications and marketing service providers
IT systems and IT service providers (such as those who host our data and Information systems)
Analytics providers
Legal or financial advisors
Government/regulatory/law enforcement agencies pursuant to legally binding order or where legally required, for example where we are required to report positive test results of certain communicable diseases to local health authorities.
We may disclose and transfer your Information to our Accredited Laboratory for the purpose of
accepting and processing an accepted order by us
in order to procure the Product is delivered to you by it, and
to test any Sample provided and make your Test Information available to you on our secure Account on our Site and Apps.
To process a request for a Product and for our Accredited Laboratory to test the Sample and send you the Test Information, we need to disclose Information within our company including to the Medical Practitioner, to our Accredited Laboratory and our IT services providers. Your request for a Product will result in your order details being accessed by and processed by our Accredited Laboratory and our IT service providers.
The Accredited Laboratory shall have access to minimum data required to process your sample, including your date of birth, your Sample, Information relevant to your test (such as your gender), and the test results created therein.
For research, development, publications, and analytics purposes, we may also share Personal Information where we have your consent or some other legal basis to do so. We may engage in collaborative research with third parties (for example, health, educational, or government institutions, or private companies) related to the development of new tests, validation of existing testing processes or technologies, or to improve existing products and services. We may also disclose de-identified Genetic Data to public databases for the advancement of medical research; this enables improved understanding of how genetics may impact the risk of certain diseases or health conditions. We may include de-identified Genetic Data in our research databases, which may be accessible, searchable, and downloadable by third parties (including researchers and the public). More information about this will be available on any consent forms provided to you if you are using Products and Services that involve genetic testing, genetic sequencing, or processing of your Genetic Data. We and/or our workforce members may be involved in the creation of publications, and this may include collaborating with third parties. Where this is done, it will involve only de-identified Personal Information.
If any third party has provided, subsidized or paid for the Products and Services you are using, your Personal Information may be shared with them as required by the contract between us and that third party. This may include identifiable results reporting (for example, reporting COVID-19 testing results to your employer, if they are performing a testing program for health and safety in the workplace). If you are a participant in such a program, you will be provided with a program specific privacy notice and/or consent form as required.
In instances where our business is subject to a re-organization, such as a merger or acquisition of some or all of its assets, we may, in accordance with our legitimate interests, need to share Information in the course of the transaction. In such circumstances, your Information may be disclosed, where permitted by applicable law, in connection with a corporate restructuring, sale, or assignment of assets, merger, or other changes of control or financial status of LetsGetChecked.
If you send offensive or objectionable content or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on the Site, we can use your Information to stop such behaviour and pursue our legitimate interest to prevent such behaviour on our Site. This may involve informing relevant third parties, such as law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.
Equally, we may retain, preserve, or disclose your Information if we have a good-faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to (i) respond, based on applicable law, to a legal request (such as a subpoena, a search warrant, court order, or other request from government or law enforcement); (b) detect, investigate, prevent, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; (c) protect our rights, property, or safety; (d) enforce the agreements we have with you; (e) prevent physical injury or other harm to any person or entity, including yourself and members of the general public. For example, your IP address may be supplied to regulatory authorities in connection with fraud or other formal investigations.
We may share information with advertising partners or service providers to contact you with offers, updates and news related to Services and Products you have purchased, unless you choose not to receive these.  With your consent or another applicable legal basis, we may also share Personal Information with third parties for advertising purposes.
We may pass aggregate Information on the usage of our Site and Apps to third parties. Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the Information you provide to us without your consent or other legal basis.
We retain your Information in our server logs, our databases, and our records for as long as necessary to provide the Products and Services. In some cases we may retain some of your Information for a longer period, where we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as to contact you to provide you with relevant Information about our Products and Services or to maintain your account with us), in order to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes or defend against legal claims, or to enforce our
Terms of Use
.
Any data recorded on video surveillance/CCTV systems shall be kept for no longer than is considered necessary. Normally data recorded on video surveillance/CCTV systems will not be retained beyond a maximum of 30 days. Data recorded on video surveillance/CCTV systems may however be retained beyond a maximum of 30 days in circumstances where the data is required for evidential purposes and/or legal proceedings.
If you live in the EEA or the UK, you may have certain rights in relation to your Information that we process. While some of these rights apply generally, others apply only in certain circumstances. To exercise your rights or to submit a question, you can email us at
dpo@letsgetchecked.com
.
Access.
You have the right to request a copy of your Information that we process. You may exercise this right in the "Privacy Settings" section in your user account. If you require additional access, please email us. This right also applies to  personal data captured by video surveillance/CCTV recordings.
Correction.
If you discover that we hold inaccurate Information about you, you have a right to ask us to correct that Information. You can correct account Information by logging into your account. For other corrections, please email us.
Erasure.
You have the right to request that we delete your Information. We may refuse this request if (a) the Information is still necessary for the purposes that we collected or processed it or (b) we still have a legal basis to process it, even after you’ve withdrawn consent. You can exercise this right in the “Privacy Settings” section of your user account or you can email us.
Restriction.
You have the right, in some cases, to restrict the processing of your Information, such as where you have exercised your right to object and we are reviewing your objection. For more information, please email us.
Objection.
You have the right to object to us using your Information based on our legitimate interests described above. In such cases, we will cease processing your Information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons. Where we use your data for direct marketing, you can always object by using the unsubscribe link in such communications, changing your account settings or, if you do not have an account, you can email us.
Portability.
You have the right in some cases to port your Information from us to a new data controller. We can refuse this request if (a) our processing is not based on your consent or our contract with you, or (b) the data are not stored electronically. You can exercise this right through the “Privacy Settings” section in your user account to download your data in XML format. Alternatively, you can email us.
Withdraw consent.
You can withdraw your consent to processing at any time by deactivating your account through the “Privacy Settings” section in your user account or by e-mailing  dpo@letsgetchecked.com. Withdrawing your consent does not affect processing that has already occurred. Where you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process your Information based on your consent. We may process your Information if another legal basis applies, for example, if we are legally obligated to store certain records or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.
Complain.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with our lead supervisory authority – the Data Protection Commission (
www.dataprotection.ie
) – or the data protection supervisory authority for your EEA jurisdiction. If you are considering lodging a complaint, we would appreciate the opportunity to try and resolve your issue before you submit your complaint.
If you’re a UK resident or using our Products and Services in the UK, you may be entitled to exercise your rights under the UK GDPR. These are broadly the same rights as listed above, although your supervisory authority is the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (https://ico.org.uk/). LetsGetChecked takes the protection of Personal Information seriously, and has appointed DataRep UK as their Data Protection Representative in the UK so that you can contact them directly regarding rights or questions you have relating to the UK GDPR.
If you want to raise a question to LetsGetChecked or exercise your rights under UK GDPR, you may do so by:
Sending an email to DataRep UK at:
LetsGetChecked@datarep.uk
Mailing your inquiry to: DataRep, 107-111 Fleet Street, London, EC4A 2AB, United Kingdom.
Please ensure your request is addressed to DataRep, not LetsGetChecked, though do mention LetsGetChecked in the request or question itself.
If you have questions on DataRep’s own privacy practices when handling any requests or questions you make, please refer to
www.datarep.uk/privacy-policy
.
From time to time, we will make changes to this Privacy Statement. Any changes we may make in future will be posted on this page. If we materially change our Privacy Statement, we will take steps to notify you, for example by emailing you or by posting a notice on the Site.
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Statement are welcomed and should be addressed to our Data Protection Officer (DPO) at
dpo@letsgetchecked.com
.
If you are a resident of the UK
and want to raise a question to LetsGetChecked or exercise your rights under UK GDPR, you may prefer to contact our appointed UK representative rather than directly contacting our Data Protection Officer. You may do so by:
Sending an email to DataRep UK at:
LetsGetChecked@datarep.uk
Mailing your inquiry to: DataRep, 107-111 Fleet Street, London, EC4A 2AB, United Kingdom.
Please ensure your request is addressed to DataRep, not LetsGetChecked, though do mention LetsGetChecked in the request or question itself.
If you are a resident of Switzerland
and want to raise a question to LetsGetChecked or exercise your rights under the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection(FADP), you may prefer to contact our appointed Swiss representative rather than directly contacting our Data Protection Officer. You may do so by:
Sending an email to DataRep at:
LetsGetChecked@datarep.uk
Mailing your inquiry to: DataRep, Leutschenbachstrasse 95, ZURICH, 8050, Switzerland
Please ensure your request is addressed to DataRep, not LetsGetChecked, though do mention LetsGetChecked in the request or question itself.
This Privacy Statement was last updated on September 21st, 2023.
Back to top
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.letsgetchecked.com/mobile/privacy-policy:
LetsGetChecked Privacy Policy
LetsGetChecked ("
we
", "
us
" or "
our
") is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This privacy statement ("
Privacy Statement
"), together with our
Washington State Consumer Health Data Privacy
and
Cookies Policy
, describes the types of personal information collected and created in connection with your use of our Products and Services (including use of our LetsGetChecked iOS and Playstore Mobile Applications, collectively the “Apps”), how and why we use such information, who we share it with, and your legal rights. Please read the following carefully to ascertain how we process your personal information (or
"Personal Information"
or
"information"
).
We may, from time to time, provide links on
www.LetsGetChecked.com (the "Site")
to the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy statements and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their privacy or security practices. Please check the privacy statements of any other websites before you submit any Personal Information to them.
For residents of the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), the service provider and the controller of your information is PrivaPath Diagnostics Limited, trading as LetsGetChecked, registration number 531029 and registered office at Unit 6, Adelphi House, George's St. Upper, Dun Laoghaire, Co. Dublin, A96 YX9N, Ireland.
For residents of the US and non-EEA countries, the service provider is LetsGetChecked, Inc., a Delaware corporation assigned number SR 20150809693, with a registered office at 100 Beach Drive, St Petersburg FL 33701-3968. LetsGetChecked is a registered business name with registered number #G15000103268.
Any defined terms in the
Terms and Conditions ("Terms")
have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Statement.
When you access the Site or use our Products and Services, we collect, receive or otherwise process information in several different ways. In many cases, you choose what information to provide. Some information is required in order for us to provide our Products and Services. We use your information for the purposes described further below.
We may collect and process the following types of information about you:
1
. Purchase and assistance information.
We collect information when you purchase or use our Products and Services, when you phone our Support Team, or otherwise contact us for support. This information will include name, gender, contact information, billing address, delivery address and any further information you volunteer to provide to us.
2
. Health-related data.
When you purchase or use our Products and Services, we may collect and process data concerning your health. This could include information about your health-related conditions, symptoms, status, diagnoses, testing, or treatments (including surgeries, procedures, medications, or other interventions),measurements of bodily functions, vital signs, or characteristics, including photographs, (which may also be considered biometric information under certain privacy laws), health insurance or claims information, and information that could identify your attempt to seek health care services or information, including services that allow you to assess, measure, improve, or learn about your or another person’s health. Health-related data may also include Samples Samples, Test Information or any other information we might receive from you, a medical practitioner, any third party you are affiliated with such as your insurance company, or Accredited Laboratory. When you activate or confirm eligibility for use of a Service or Product, we may collect and process information relating to your personal health, which could also include the collection of other types of sensitive information (see 8. “Sensitive” Information below), such as information about your sex life, sexual orientation, your ethnicity, or a suitability questionnaire to confirm that the Service or Product is appropriate to your needs. You may also provide information to us if you connect a wearable device to one of our Products or Services.
A note on COVID-19. If you are using our COVID-19 testing services, we may collect information from you such as symptoms you may be experiencing, and a sample to enable us to test you for COVID-19. We will then perform the testing and obtain your test results as a consequence. More information about how COVID-19 related information may be used and disclosed by us is discussed in the following section “How we use your information”, however please note that we generally collect your consent for use and disclosure of COVID-19 testing results, for example if sharing results to your employer or educational institution. While we generally limit collection, use and disclosure of COVID-19 related information to supporting COVID-19-related efforts or epidemiological research, we may use Personal Information collected from the Apps as described within this privacy notice, with your consent, or where another legal basis applies.
3.
Genetic and Genetic-Related Data.
This is data relating to the inherited or acquired genetic characteristics of a natural person which give unique information about the physiology or the health of that natural person and which result, in particular, from an analysis of a biological sample from the natural person in question (“Genetic Data”). Our collection of Genetic Data may include physical samples provided in connection with your use of our Products and Services (such as a blood sample, saliva sample, or nasal swab). We may also request or generate Genetic Data, medical history, family history, known familial genetic conditions or mutations where necessary to provide our Products and Services.
4.
Biometric and Identity Verification Data.
In connection with certain Products and Services, we may collect documentation (such as a government issued ID) or your biometric data, such as a face scan, for the purposes of verifying your identity. For certain organized health testing programs you participate in that are affiliated with your employer, insurer or other third party, we may collect your social security number (SSN) if they have this on record and require us to use this for the purposes of identity verification or, where no other unique identity number is available, for the purposes of matching your records across multiple parties who may be involved in your health testing program.
5.
Correspondence.
We will collect and maintain your contact details when you communicate with us, sign up for promotional material, participate in special promotions, or connect with us through social media. If you contact us by email, we may keep a record of that correspondence. If you make a request with regard to the handling of your Personal Information, we may retain information regarding the request and any actions we take or correspondence we provide in response to such request.
6.
Website and device information.
We collect information about your browser or device, including, where available, your IP address or device ID, operating system and browser type. We also collect details of your visits to our Site and Apps including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, the resources that you access, web logs and other communication data. Our Site and Apps also use cookies; for detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, see our
Cookies Policy
. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Site or Apps. You may also choose to provide us access to certain features of your device, including allowing LetsGetChecked’s App to access your mobile phone camera to take pictures. This will enable you to use QR codes on our test kits (allowing you to quickly input test details and codes, rather than hand typing), and in some cases to verify your identity (for example to allow you to photograph and share with us a passport-style photo or proof of government issued identification or other documentation).
7.
Survey information.
If you respond to any surveys that we might request, which are completely voluntary, we will process your responses.
8. “
Sensitive” Information. “
Sensitive” personal information may be collected as defined by certain U.S. state laws and other applicable privacy laws. This could include information already mentioned above but can include: government identification for identity verification purposes such as your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; your account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; your precise geolocation; your racial or ethnic origin; the contents of your mail, email, and text messages unless LetsGetChecked is the intended recipient of the communication; your genetic data; the processing of biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; personal information collected and analyzed concerning your health; personal information collected and analyzed concerning your sex life or sexual orientation.
We use the information we have to help us provide, operate, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Products and Services, and for purposes described in this Privacy Statement. The broad uses of your information are described below. We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
To provide you with our Products and Services.
To receive, store and analyze your Samples at Accredited Laboratories.
To receive, review, store and communicate your Test Information to you, including by presenting your Test Information and other reported history via the LetsGetChecked secure environment.
To communicate with you via various channels including by phone, SMS text message, email, and physical mail, to support in the delivery of Products and Services or to send you important account-related communications. For example, communicating with you by phone to discuss your results, or sending you an email or text message to notify you that your results are ready.
To provide you with your results and, in some instances, relevant treatment options.
To de-identify your information for service improvement, product quality improvement, research, operations or to disclose to trusted partners for business or other purposes.
We may use your Personal Information for research purposes where we have a legal basis to do so, or may contact you about research opportunities, clinical trials, or clinical treatments for you when appropriate. The legal basis for this activity is generally express prior consent (e.g. to participate in a research study), or if consent is not required as a legal basis for such activities, LetsGetChecked is acting in its legitimate business interests where not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
To fill and support your purchases of our Products and Services, including to process payments and to provide customer assistance. This may also include sharing your information with physicians, prescription service providers, or pharmacies where we have legal basis to do so.
To ensure that content from our Site and Apps is presented in an effective manner for you and your device.
To contact you with offers, updates, and news related to Services and Products you have purchased, unless you choose not to receive these.  With your consent, we may also share Personal Information with third parties for advertising purposes. For more information on our use of advertising technologies and Cookies, please see our
Cookies Policy
. This excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
To provide marketing, including targeted marketing on third party sites such as social media websites.
To analyze information to help us administer, support and improve our business.
To detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or agreements or be illegal, including by sharing information with law enforcement.
To retain certain records about the handling of any Samples you send us for regulatory purposes.
To fulfill any legal obligations and legal requirements, for example regulatory reporting to health agencies, or retaining certain tax and accounting records for financial reporting.
For COVID-19 testing we use Personal Information to provide you or any authorized parties (such as an employer or other organization that you have consented to us sharing results with) with testing services, and to support in public health efforts or research (for example, reporting positive test results to local health agencies where legally required). If we use your Personal Information or Test Information for anything beyond this, we will ask for your explicit consent or else explain the legal basis for any further use of your data, if such use does not rely on your consent.
We will not knowingly collect Personal Information from Site or Apps users that are under 18 years of age. We are relying on your representations in the Terms that you are 18 years of age or older. You should not use the Apps or our Site or its Services, including purchasing Products, if you are not 18 years of age or older. If you believe we might have information from or about an individual under 18 years of age, please contact us at
dpo@letsgetchecked.com
.
All Personal Information you provide to us in purchasing or availing of our Products or Services is protected by our privacy and security programs, which include a range of technical, organizational, and administrative privacy and security safeguards to protect your information from unauthorized use and disclosure. Any payment transactions effected by us will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Site or Apps, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You must not share a password with anyone.
Once we have received your Personal Information, we will impose obligations of confidentiality and security on any of our service providers who process the Personal Information, sufficient to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
We maintain appropriate physical and electronic industry standard security practices, including encryption, passwords, access control, physical security measures, and managerial procedures to protect the security and confidentiality of your personal data.
We share Personal Information with service providers, healthcare providers, affiliates, partners, and other third parties where it is necessary to provide the Products and Services, or for any other purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
Your Personal Information may be provided as necessary to the following categories of recipients:
Accredited Laboratories
We may disclose and transfer your Personal Information to our Accredited Laboratory for the purpose of
(i) accepting and processing an accepted order by us;
(ii) in order to ensure the Product is delivered to you by it; and
(iii) to test any sample provided and make your test Information available to you on our secure account on our Site and Apps.
To process a request for a Product and for our Accredited Laboratory to test the sample and send you the test information, we need to disclose Personal Information within and outside our company including to healthcare providers, to our Accredited Laboratory and our IT services providers.
Healthcare providers
We may disclose and transfer your Personal Information to healthcare providers, such as contracted or other medical practitioners for purposes of review, quality assurance, prescribing of tests, review of results and other purposes.
Pharmacies
We may disclose and transfer your Personal Information to pharmacies as directed by our contracted or medical practitioners and/or on your behalf.
Service providers (such as couriers, communications and marketing service providers, IT-related service providers, analytics providers, legal or financial advisors, contractors and vendors)
We may share your Personal Information with certain third party suppliers and service providers to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Products and Services. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Statement by imposing obligations of security and confidentiality on such service providers. For research, development, publications, and analytics purposes, we may also share Personal Information where we have your consent or some other legal basis to do so.
Other trusted third parties with whom we have an agreement for the protection of your information
We may engage in collaborative research with third parties (for example, health, educational, or government institutions, or private companies) related to the development of new tests, validation of existing testing processes or technologies, or to improve existing products and services. We may also disclose de-identified Genetic Data to public databases for the advancement of medical research; this enables improved understanding of how genetics may impact the risk of certain diseases or health conditions. We may include de-identified Genetic Data in our research databases, which may be accessible, searchable, and downloadable by third parties (including researchers and the public). More information about this will be available on any consent forms provided to you if you are using Products and Services that involve genetic testing, genetic sequencing, or processing of your Genetic Data. We and/or our workforce members may be involved in the creation of publications, and this may include collaborating with third parties. Where this is done, it will involve only de-identified Personal Information.
Government/regulatory/law enforcement/local health agencies
pursuant to legally binding order or where legally required, for example where we are required to report positive test results of certain communicable diseases to local health authorities.
If any third party has provided, subsidized or paid for the Products and Services you are using, your Personal Information may be shared with them as required by the contract between us and that third party. This may include identifiable results reporting (for example, reporting COVID-19 testing results to your employer, if they are performing a testing program for health and safety in the workplace). If you are a participant in such a program, you will be provided with a program specific privacy notice and/or consent form as required.
In instances where our business is subject to a re-organization, such as a merger or acquisition of some or all of its assets, we may, in accordance with our legitimate interests, share information in the course of the transaction. In such circumstances, your Personal Information may be disclosed, where permitted by applicable law, in connection with a corporate restructuring, sale, or assignment of assets, merger, or other changes of control or financial status of LetsGetChecked.
If you send offensive or objectionable content or otherwise engage in any disruptive behavior on the Site, we can use your Personal Information to stop such behavior and pursue our legitimate interest to prevent such behavior on our Site. This may involve informing relevant third parties, such as law enforcement agencies, about the content and your behavior.
Equally, we may retain, preserve, or disclose your Personal Information if we have a good-faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to (i) respond, based on applicable law, to a legal request (such as a subpoena, a search warrant, court order, or other request from government or law enforcement); (b) detect, investigate, prevent, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; (c) protect our rights, property, or safety; (d) enforce the agreements we have with you; (e) prevent physical injury or other harm to any person or entity, including yourself and members of the general public. For example, your IP address may be supplied to regulatory authorities in connection with fraud or other formal investigations.
We may share information with advertising partners or service providers to contact you with offers, updates and news related to Services and Products you have purchased, unless you choose not to receive these.   With your consent or another applicable legal basis, we may also share Personal Information with third parties for advertising purposes.
This excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties
.
We may pass aggregate information on the usage of our Site and Apps to third parties.
We retain your information in our server logs, our databases, and our records for as long as necessary to provide the Products and Services. In some cases we may retain some of your information for a longer period, where we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as to contact you to provide you with relevant information about our Products and Services or to maintain your account with us), in order to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes or defend against legal claims, or to enforce our
Terms and Conditions
. Samples are securely destroyed after they are processed, to the extent we do not have a legal basis to retain the sample, and your information is deleted using industry standard data deletion methods once no longer retained.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept cookies, pixels and related tracking technologies for any of the purposes described in this privacy policy, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting these or to prompt you before accepting them from the websites you visit. If you do not accept all cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Services. For more information on our use of Cookies, please see our
Cookies Policy
.
Some web browsers transmit "do not track" signals to the websites and other online services with which your web browser communicates. There is currently no standard that governs what, if anything, websites should do when they receive these signals. We currently do not take action in response to these signals. If and when a standard is established, we may revise our policy on responding to these signals.
We respond to the Global Privacy Control (GPC) signal as required by CCPA and other laws. For more information see
www.globalprivacycontrol.org
.
This section is applicable to residents of the USA. Please also review our
Washington State Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the processing of your personal data. While certain states such as California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Montana, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia and Washington may provide certain privacy rights detailed below, if you are a resident of any US state we will endeavor to honor and action reasonable requests you make in relation to your data privacy.
Please submit your request to
DPO@LetsGetChecked.com
. You may also submit requests via toll free phone number at +1 (888) 396-7375 or by mailing us at 2300 WINDY RIDGE PKWY SE STE 850S, ATLANTA, GA - 30339-5665.
When you make a request, you can expect the following:
We will take steps to verify your identity and authority to make the request.
We will confirm our receipt of your request within 10 days. If you have not received a response within a few days after that, please let us know by contacting us at
dpo@letsgetchecked.com
.
We will respond to your request within 45 days of receipt of the request, if possible. If necessary, we may need an additional period of time, up to another 45 days, but we will reply either way within the first 45-day period and, if we need an extension, we will explain why.
In certain cases, a request may be denied, for example, if we cannot verify your identity or if providing you the information could create an unreasonable risk to someone's security (for example, we do not want very sensitive information disclosed inappropriately). If we deny your request, we will explain why we denied it. If we deny a request, we will still try to provide you as much of the information as we can, but we will withhold the information subject to denial.
If you would like, you may designate an authorized individual or agent to make a request on your behalf. We will deny requests that do not evidence sufficient proof of authorization from you. To verify that an authorized individual or agent has authority to act for you, we may require a copy of a power of attorney or require that you provide the authorized agent with written permission and verify your own identity with us.
Depending on your state of residency you may have the following rights:
Access and Right to Know.
This is the right to request a copy of your information that we process, or to request information about how your information is collected and who from, how it is used, who it is disclosed to and their contact information, for what business purpose it is collected, used, and disclosed, what specific pieces of data were collected, used and disclosed, and how your data is secured. Please see the “Right to Know – Further Information” section below for more information.
Correction
. If you discover that we hold inaccurate information about you, you have a right to ask us to correct that information.
Erasure or Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete your information or destroy your sample. We may refuse this request if the information is still necessary for the purposes that we collected or processed it or we still have a legal basis to process the information or retain the sample.
Restriction
. You have the right, in some cases, to restrict or limit the processing or sharing of your information, such as where you have exercised your right to object and we are reviewing your objection.
Objection and Right to Opt Out of or Limit Sensitive Data Processing.
You may have the right to object to us using your information for certain activities, and to opt out of or limit activities that involve processing of data defined as “Sensitive” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws, such as health information. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons. Sensitive personal information includes information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; your account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; your precise geolocation; your racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership; the contents of your mail, email, and text messages unless LetsGetChecked is the intended recipient of the communication; your genetic data; the processing of biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; personal information collected and analyzed concerning your health; personal information collected and analyzed concerning your sex life or sexual orientation. LetsGetChecked will only use your Sensitive personal information to perform services or provide the goods reasonably expected by you.
Portability
. You have the right in some cases to obtain a copy of your information in a format able to be shared with another organization.
Withdraw consent.
If we are ever processing your information for an activity that you have consented to, you can withdraw your consent to processing at any time. Withdrawing your consent does not affect processing that has already occurred. Where you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process your information based on your consent. We may process your information if another legal basis applies, for example, if we are legally obligated to store certain records or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.
Right to Opt Out of “Sale” or “Sharing” for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising and other Specified Purposes.
LetsGetChecked does not engage in sale of your personal information for monetary consideration, but may share information for legitimate purposes described in this privacy notice. If an activity is ever considered a sale or sharing of Personal Information under a state privacy law’s definition, you may have the right to opt out of this to the extent LetsGetChecked engages in it. Residents of certain states such as California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Utah and Virginia have rights to opt out of sale of personal information or sharing of personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising and other specified purposes, and of the use and/or disclosure of personal information for certain types of targeted advertising and consumer or household profiling. You may have the right to direct us not to process your personal information for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) selling or otherwise transferring personal data in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. Nevada law also gives Nevada consumers the right to request that a company not sell their personal information for monetary consideration. This right applies even if their personal information is not currently being sold. If you are a Nevada consumer and wish to exercise this right, please send us an email with the subject line “Nevada Resident Do Not Sell Request” to DPO@LetsGetChecked.com. In general, we will only use your personal information to perform our services reasonably expected by you, internal reporting and analytics purposes, for other legitimate business purposes such as information security. When you visit our websites, we may share information about your use of our websites with certain advertising or analytics partners. You can opt into, or out of, such sharing at any time by interacting with our cookie banner and Cookie Preferences center that may appear at the bottom of our websites the first time you come to our website, or the Cookie Preferences link that may appear in the footer of our websites. You can learn more about our use of cookies, pixels, and related technologies, including about how to action your right to opt out of data sharing through the use of cookies, by referring to our
cookies policy
.
Right to opt out of the processing of the personal data for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects
. Virginia and other U.S. residents may have a right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Financial Incentives.
The CCPA and other U.S. state data privacy laws allow businesses to offer consumers financial incentives for sharing personal information. For example, a business can offer a rewards program or provide a premium service to consumers as compensation for their personal information. Where LetsGetChecked offers these programs, your participation is optional. If you choose to participate, your participation will be subject to any applicable terms, and you may withdraw at any time.
Non-Discrimination and No Retaliation.
If you exercise any of your privacy rights we will not discriminate or retaliate against you, including, but not limited to:
Denying goods or services.
Charging different prices or rates for goods and services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggesting that the consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
We may, however, charge a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is related to the value provided to you by your data.
Complaint and Appeal.
If you have a complaint regarding privacy, this policy or its implementation, or want to appeal against a decision made about you, we would appreciate the opportunity to try and resolve your issue. Please contact
DPO@LetsGetChecked.com
. If LetsGetChecked refuses to take action on any of the above rights, you can appeal this decision by emailing dpo@letsgetchecked.com. Within 60 days or less of receipt of an appeal, LetsGetChecked shall inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is unsuccessful and depending upon the state where you live, you may have the right to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with your state attorney general.
Rights provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83
A California resident who has provided Personal Information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (a "California Customer") may request information about whether the business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of Personal Information, upon receipt of a request by a California Customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom Personal Information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of Personal Information that were disclosed. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by mailing us at 2300 WINDY RIDGE PKWY SE STE 850S, ATLANTA, GA - 30339-5665, or emailing us at
dpo@letsgetchecked.com
. You may
also contact us via toll free phone number at +1 (888) 396-7375.
Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per California Customer each year under Code Section 1798.83.
Under California and other U.S. state privacy laws, you may have a right to know the categories of data we collect, where we collect them from, who they may be shared with, and for what business purposes we collect and share information. In the last 12 months, we have collected and shared the following categories of Personal Information from individuals from the following sources, for the following business purposes:
Purchase and assistance information including name, gender, contact information, billing address, delivery address, government issued ID if required for identity verification, payment information, and any further information you volunteer to provide through the Site and Apps.
Categories of Sources:
You
Resellers and B2B Customers (e.g. if you are an employee or member of a health insurance plan, your employer or health insurer may provide us with certain necessary Personal Information for purposes of providing you with our services. If you purchase through a reseller channel, that reseller may provide your order and shipping details to allow us to fulfill your order)
Business or Commercial Purposes:
To receive, store and analyze your Samples
To receive, review, store and communicate Test Information
To provide results
To help facilitate your prescription order and delivery
To de-identify information
To fill and support purchases and delivery of Products and Services
Processing payments
Customer assistance
Site and Apps development
Marketing
Administer, support and improve our business.
To combat activities that may violate our policies or agreements or be illegal
To retain certain tax and accounting records.
Third Parties with Whom Shared:
Service Providers
Payment processors
Labs
Pharmacies
Healthcare Providers
Your health insurer
Public health agencies
Marketing affiliates
Other third parties (such as your employer or insurer if you are testing through a program sponsored or subsidized by them)
Health Related Data including Sensitive information such as in relation to your past, present and future health and healthcare, health insurance information, sex life or sexual orientation, sex at birth or gender, and ethnicity.
Categories of Sources:
You
Your healthcare providers or insurer
Labs
Business or Commercial Purposes:
To receive, store and analyze your Samples
To receive, review, store and communicate Test Information
To provide results
To help facilitate your prescription order and delivery
To de-identify information
To fill and support purchases of Products and Services
Customer assistance
Third Parties with Whom Shared:
Labs
Pharmacies
Healthcare Providers
Your health insurer
Public health agencies
Service Providers
Other third parties that support the ordering, processing, fulfillment and delivery of Products and Services
Other third parties (such as your employer or insurer if you are testing through a program sponsored or subsidized by them)
Genetic and Genetic Related Data.
Categories of Sources:
You
Your healthcare provider
Labs
Business or Commercial Purposes:
To receive, store and analyze your Samples
To receive, review, store and communicate Test Information
To provide results and genetic counselling
To help facilitate your prescription order and delivery
To de-identify information
To fill and support purchases and delivery of Products and Services
Customer assistance
Third Parties with Whom Shared:
Labs
Healthcare Providers and genetic counsellors
Service Providers
Other third parties that support the ordering, processing, fulfillment and delivery of Products and Services
Other third parties with your consent
Biometric Data such as photos used to compare against government issued ID for identity verification purposes.
Categories of Sources:
You
Identity Verification Service Providers
Business or Commercial Purposes:
To verify and identify
Third Parties with Whom Shared:
Identity Verification Service Providers
Correspondence, sign-ups for materials and promotions or connections via social media.
Categories of Sources:
You and other correspondents
Business or Commercial Purposes:
To fill and support purchases of Products and Services
Processing payments
Customer assistance
Site and Apps development
Marketing
Administer, support and improve our business.
To combat activities that may violate our policies or agreements or be illegal
To retain certain tax and accounting records.
Third Parties with Whom Shared:
Social media
Marketing affiliates and Service Providers
Payment processors
Tax agencies
Other third parties with your consent (such as your employer or insurer if you are testing through a program sponsored or subsidized by them)
Website, Apps and device information.
Categories of Sources:
You
Your devices
Business or Commercial Purposes:
Track use of Site and Services
Increase navigation efficiency of the Site and Apps
Personalization of the Site and Apps
Marketing
Site and Apps development.
Third Parties with Whom Shared:
Marketing Service Providers
Analytics Service Providers
Survey and Questionnaire Response Information.
Categories of Sources:
You
Business or Commercial Purposes:
Site and Apps development
Marketing
Administer, support and improve our business and products
Research
Third Parties with Whom Shared:
Service Providers
Other third parties (such as your employer or insurer if you are testing through a program sponsored or subsidized by them)
If you (or any third parties that have provided, subsidized or paid for the Products and Services you are using) give us your mobile device number, then we may send you text messages (SMS or MMS) to support in the delivery of any Products and Services requested. You have control over whether to opt in or out of text messages sent for marketing purposes.
You can opt out of text messages at any time by visiting the privacy settings of your account. Alternatively you can text or reply STOP to the numbers below:
If you are using our Products and Services as a private individual (for example you ordered and paid for a Product from our website and this wasn’t provided to you or sponsored by an organization such as your insurer, employer, or healthcare provider), you can opt out of text messages by texting STOP to 95054. You can also reply STOP to unsubscribe from text messages you’ve already received. You can obtain help in relation to text messages by texting HELP to 95054 or replying HELP to any text messages you’ve received. You can also call toll free +1 (888)-384-3442.
If you are using our Products and Services because they have been offered by or through an organization you are associated with (such as your insurer, employer, or healthcare provider), you can opt out of text messages associated with those Services by texting STOP to 96371. You can also reply STOP to unsubscribe from text messages you’ve already received. You can obtain help in relation to text messages by texting HELP to 96371 or replying HELP to any text messages you’ve received. You can also call toll free +1 (888)-299-5559.
Message frequency may vary. Message and data rates may apply.
You can obtain additional help in relation to text messages by emailing
support@letsgetchecked.com
. T-Mobile® is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. Please note we do not share text messaging originator opt-in data and consent with any third parties.
From time to time, we will make changes to this Privacy Statement. Any changes we may make in future will be posted on this page, so please check back regularly to see if there have been any changes to this Privacy Statement.
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Statement are welcomed and should be addressed to our Data Protection Officer (DPO) at
dpo@letsgetchecked.com
.
This Privacy Statement was last updated on March 11th, 2024.
Back to top
Sub-policy 1
https://www.datarep.uk/privacy-policy/:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
www.datarep.uk
3
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
elementor
Used in context with the website's WordPress theme. The cookie allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time.
PHPSESSID
Preserves user session state across page requests.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
www.datarep.uk
3
wcml_client_currency
Saves the visitor's currency preferences.
wcml_client_currency_language
Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry.
wp-wpml_current_language
Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
WordPress.com
1
Learn more about this provider
g.gif
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Unclassified
0
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/24/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Use necessary cookies only
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all cookies
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Summary:
DataRep may receive and hold your data, and may share it with those organisations about which you have submitted a data request. DataRep will hold that data securely and will not share your data with any other organisation or person. By contacting DataRep, you accept that we will need to use your personal information to respond to you.
Detail:
The personal data held by DataRep:
DataRep holds:
the personal contact details of the commercial contact person(s) (‘Client Contact’) at our current and prospective clients (‘Clients’) (including, but where appropriate not limited to, name, company email address, company phone number) (‘Client Contact Data’), and
on their application (a ‘Data Request’, including, but not limited to, a subject access request, a request to be forgotten etc), the individuals (‘Individuals’) about whom a Client of DataRep holds personal data (including name, address, contact information – email address, phone number(s), personal concerns around data use, which may potentially refer to sensitive personal data) (‘Individual Data’),
(together, the Client Contact Data and the Individual Data are the ‘Processed Data’).
DataRep do not hold any Individual Data which may be under the control of our Clients, other than to the extent that an Individuals contacts DataRep with a Data Request in respect of a Client.
DataRep is the data controller of the personal data of its employees.
The processes carried out on this data:
Client Contact Data:
Contacting the Client Contact at an existing Client for performing the role of Data Protection Representative for the Client.
Transmission between DataRep companies to enable the above.
Contacting the Client Contact at a prospective Client, for the purposes of marketing the activity of DataRep as a Data Protection Representative.
Storage of the Client Contact Data.
Individual Data:
Storage and transmission of the Individual Data between Individual and Client in relation to a Data Request pursuant to the role of Data Protection Representative.
Transmission between DataRep companies to enable the above.
Storage of the Individual Data.
The identity and contact details of the controller, the controller’s Data Protection Representative and their data protection officer:
For all the Processed Data the Client is the controller in each case; DataRep is appointed by the Client, who acts as data controller in respect of that data and has appointed DataRep as processor of that Processed Data with a limited remit as to processing permissions (as set out in this Privacy Notice).
Assuming they are a current Client (i.e. that the contract appointing DataRep as that Client’s Data Protection Representative has not expired or been terminated), the controller’s representative is DataRep.
Because DataRep has many Clients, please contact us for details of a particular Client’s contact details (noting that these are likely to be different from the Client Contact Data) and that Client’s Data Protection Officer (if any).
DataRep does not have a Data Protection Officer, as it is not required under GDPR to have one. Adherence to GDPR and other data protection obligations is the responsibility of DataRep’s senior executive directors.
The purpose and legal basis for the processing:
Client Contact Data:
Purpose – performing the role of Data Protection Representative in respect of the Client’s obligations under Article 27 of GDPR.
Legal basis – contractual fulfilment, instruction to process by Client.
Individual Data:
Purpose – performing the role of Data Protection Representative in respect of a Data Request, enabling the Individual to gain access to the Client to enquire about the use of their personal data (including, but not limited to, the Individual Data).
Legal basis –
From the Individual: DataRep process Individual Data under the instructions of DataRep (as controller of that data) under a written processing agreement appointing DataRep as their Data Protection Representative. The Individual accepts this processing by submitting their Data Request.
From the Client: contractual fulfilment, instruction to process by Client, obligation under Article 27 of GDPR.
The legitimate interests of the controller or third party:
The Clients’ interest in the processing of the Processed Data by DataRep is the fulfilment of their regulatory obligation under Article 27 GDPR to appoint a Data Protection Representative, and to enable DataRep to undertake that appointment.
Categories of personal data:
Client Contact Data:
Standard category of personal data only.
Individual Data:
Standard category of personal data mainly.
Potential that occasionally an Individual may disclose sensitive personal data to DataRep further to a Data Request in respect of the Client’s controlling or processing of that sensitive data.
Recipients or categories of recipients of the personal data:
The only recipient of the Processed Data will be the Client in respect of the Individual Data provided by Individuals to DataRep in respect of Data Requests for that Client.
The only personal information provided to the Individual will be their own Individual Data, and any Client Contact Data which the Client instructs DataRep to provide to the Individual.
Transfers to third country and safeguards:
When storing of the Processed Data, DataRep uses password-protected locations with reputable public cloud storage providers. Those public cloud storage providers may transfer that data to third countries, but only where adequate protections are in place.
Retention period and criteria used to determine the retention period:
DataRep retain data in our email archive for 10 years to evidence Data Requests of Individuals and responses of Clients in the event of claims made during that later period.
Criterion for data retention is the period over which potential for claims exists, to ensure the rights of Individuals are enforceable by way of ensuring their ability to evidence the actions taken in respect of their personal data, to ensure our Clients’ (and DataRep) have adequate evidence of the proper undertaking by DataRep of the role of Data Protection Representative.
The data subject’s rights:
Individuals are notified at each stage of their rights in respect of their data, by way of communications with links to this Privacy Notice.
The rights of an Individual as a data subject under existing data protection law and GDPR are:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
For more information on your rights as an Individual and/or data subject, please contact the authority responsible for data protection in your jurisdiction. For persons in the European Union, please follow this link to locate the relevant data protection authority:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
.
The right to withdraw consent at any time:
Client Contacts and Individuals may withdraw their consent to the use by DataRep of their personal data. However, it should be noted that this may impact the ability of DataRep to perform their role as Data Protection Representative.
DataRep will retain, and may process, the Processed Data to the extent it is required to by law or otherwise as set out in this Privacy Notice,
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority:
As data subjects, both Client Contacts and Individuals may lodge a complaint with their local data protection authority if they have concerns about how DataRep uses their personal data.
Where you (the data subject) are based in the EU, use this link to locate the relevant data protection authority:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
.
Where you (the data subject) are based outside the EU, because DataRep is registered as a company in the Republic of Ireland, please contact the Data Protection Commissioner in Ireland at
info@dataprotection.ie
, more information available at
https://www.dataprotection.ie/docs/complaints/1592.htm
.
The source of the personal data (including publicly accessible sources):
Client Contact Data:
Direct from potential and existing Clients in respect of the commercial activities of DataRep.
Indirectly from persons and organisations who refer potential Clients to DataRep as part of their commercial activities.
From publicly accessible sources where directly marketing to that potential Client.
Individual Data:
Directly from the Individual in respect of their Data Request.
From the Client to enable DataRep’s undertaking of the role of Data Protection Representative.
Is the provision of personal data part of a statutory or contractual requirement or obligation? What are the possible consequences of failing to provide the personal data?
DataRep provide the Processed Data as set out in this Privacy Notice pursuant to contractual obligations with the Client, the Client having regulatory obligations under GDPR to appoint a Data Protection Representative and to respond adequately to Data Requests.
If DataRep fails to provide personal data to relevant parties as required by the undertaking of the role of Data Protection Representative, the consequences may be a failure of DataRep in that regulatory role, a corresponding failure of the Client to meet their obligations under GDPR, and a failure to meet the Individual’s rights under GDPR.
Is the personal data used for any automated decision making, including profiling and information about how decisions are made?
The Individual Data may be considered by DataRep when making decisions on the appropriate response to a Data Request.
Other than above, the Processed Data will not be used in any processing or information gathering processes and, except where otherwise required or permitted, will not be passed to any third party without the consent
of the relevant data subject.
Contact us
If you wish to contact us to exercise your data rights, or ask about our data processing, you may do so using the following methods:
datarequest@datarep.uk
www.datarep.uk/data-request
If you’re based in the UK, you can contact us by mail at:
DataRep,
107-111 Fleet Street,
London,
EC4A 2AB
If you’re based in the EU/EEA, you can contact us by mail at:
DataRep,
77 Camden Street Lower,
Dublin D02 XE80,
Ireland