Home
About Us
Games
Hidden Escape: Horror Mystery
Hidden Escape: Murder Mystery
Hidden Escape: Lost Temple
Hidden Escape: Secret Agent
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Hidden Escape
game that is developed and published by Vincell Studios/Vincell Studios Inc. respects your privacy rights and recognizes the importance of protecting any information collected about you. This Privacy Policy defines how Hidden Escape collects and uses and shares personal and non-personal information. We may refer our product as “Hidden Escape/Games/Product/Services” in this document.
This Privacy Policy applies whenever you play our games or otherwise access any of our other products, services, content,  vincellstudios.com and/or the other domains provided by Vincell Studios Inc.
By using the Service, You understand and do not object to the collection, disclosure, storage and use of Your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If You do not want Vincell Studios Inc. to collect, store, use or share Your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, You should not play Vincell Studios’s games or use Our Services. Vincell Studios may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and Vincell Studios encourages You to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes. You may always contact us
support@vincellstudios.com
to seek information regarding privacy policy
Analytics Information:
We use third-party analytics tools to collect information like the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the product/service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.
Log Information:
We collect log information when you use our website. That information includes, among other things:
Details about how you’ve used our services.
Device information, such as your web browser type and language.
Session times.
Pages viewed.
IP address.
Identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser.
Pages you visited before or after navigating to our website.
Device Identifiers:
We may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "device identifiers". Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile/desktop device a device identifier may be data stored in connection with network interface and location addressing or data sent to the device by Vincell Studios Inc.
A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third-party partner about how you browse and use the service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of the service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Information about your hardware and software, such as the hardware model, operating system version, device memory, advertising identifiers, unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers and default language
Information about your wireless and mobile network connections, service provider, and IP Address.
Metadata:
Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with user content. For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of user content was collected and how that content is formatted.
Cookies on Our Website
Like most websites, our Website uses cookies and similar technologies (such as local shared objects or web beacons) to enhance your experience and improve our services. A “cookie” is a small file stored on your browser when you visit a website. Cookies can be set either by the website you are visiting (“first-party cookies”) or by third parties who provide content, functionality, or services such as analytics or advertising (“third-party cookies”).
Types of Cookies We Use
Cookies are typically used to identify or “remember” your device and are utilized for various purposes: We use Essential Cookies, these are necessary to enable basic functionality on our Website, such as navigating between pages and accessing secure areas.
How We Use Information:
The reason we collect your information is to provide you amazing products and services by relentlessly working to improve them. We use your information to:
Develop new features and improve existing ones:
Studying data from of users can help us see trends in the ways that people use the game. Our teams work closely together to develop fun, imaginative new features in Hidden Escape. You actually help out our development team every day, just by using our game!
Reach Out to you:
Send you communications via push notifications or email. For example, we may use email to respond to support inquiries or to share information about our games, services, and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
Personalisation and Context:
No two people are the same, so we use some of your information to tailor your game experience especially for you! For example, we personalize the languge settings within the game to your default language on your device. We also use information to help give our notifications some context, based on where you are and what’s going on around you! We also have pricing on in-app purchases based on your specific country.
Keep Things Up & Running:
To keep things running, we also monitor the way our products and features are used, analyze trends, and listen to your feedback to help improve them every day! For example, we might analyze how long you’re in the game, what level/puzzle you use the most, and what keeps you engaged within our game.
We also use some of your information to help keep our game up to date. So, if you got a new phone on launch day, we might assess the performance of your device to make sure that we’re optimizing you experience in the Hidden Escape accordingly
We also monitor bugs, crashes and errors across different devices and operating system to understand how to prevent future errors or functionality problems on your different devices.
Keep Our Services Safe & Secure:
It’s important to us that you’re as safe and secure as possible when you’re using our services, so we use some of your information to enhance the safety and security of our products and services. verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity.
Disclosure of Personal/Non-Personal Information:
We may share information about you in the following ways with third parties.
With service providers:
We may share information about you with service providers who perform services on our behalf.
With business partners:
We may share information about you with business partners that provide services and functionality.
Third-Party Service Providers:
Vincell Studios Inc. uses third-party companies to perform its services, like analyzing data, optimizing game play, e-mail delivery, hosting services, managing and delivering contextual and tailored advertisements, etc.. We contractually require these third-party service providers to maintain the confidentiality of the information We share with them, and We contractually require them to not use your personal information for anything other than to provide services on our behalf.
With third parties for legal reasons:
We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to:
Comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.
Investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service violations.
Protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others.
Detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
Payment Information:
Vincell Studios Inc. does not collect or store your financial information, like credit or debit card numbers.
Data Retention:
Hidden Escape retains the information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy. If the collected information is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, Hidden Escape shall delete all aforementioned information in its possession.
Data Deletion:
For inquiries regarding the review, modification, or deletion of your information, please reach out to us via email at support@vincellstudios.com. Please note that there might be situations where we are unable to accommodate requests for modifying or deleting your information.
Third-Party Terms and Conditions:
Please note that your access to our website may be subject to certain third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, software platforms, and payment processors if any. You recognize and agree that Hidden Escape is not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.
Service providers that provide analytical tools;
Service providers that provide data storage services;
Service providers of advertisement services;
Payment services providers;
Service providers that help Us to manage Our newsletter and communication with you;
Social media We use for marketing purposes.
Please be advised that Our service providers have implemented their own policies and rules concerning the protection of personal data. For more information, please visit the websites of Our service providers.
Google Analytics,  and Flurry
Firebase
Meta Analytics/SDK/Audience Network
AdWords
Google Play Games, Game Circle, Game Center
SurveyMonkey/Google Form
AWS
AppsFlyer
Mailchimp
AppLovin
Adjust
GameAnalytics
In accordance with the CCPA,
you have the right to request: (i) that we disclose what Personal Data we collect, use or disclose, (ii) the deletion of your Personal Data as collected or maintained by us; (iii) to not be discriminated against in pricing and services because you exercise any of your rights under the CCPA – in accordance with the CCPA, using the methods we made available herein.
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf, in accordance with the CCPA, using the methods we made available herein. You may always contact us at
support@vincellstudios.com
to seek information regarding privacy policy
Your Rights (GDPR)
You can contact Us at any time if You have any questions about Your rights regarding data protection or if You wish to exercise any of the following rights:
Right to withdraw Your consent in accordance with Art. 7(3) GDPR
Right to access Your data in accordance with Art. 15 GDPR
Right to correct Your data in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR
Right to have Your data deleted in accordance with Art. 17 GDPR
Right to limit data collection in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR
Right to take Your data with You in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR
Right to object how Your data is handled in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR
You may always contact us at
support@vincellstudios.com
to seek information regarding privacy policy
Revisions to Privacy Policy:
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or providing you with an in-app notification).
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please feel free to contact us at
support@vincellstudios.com
Terms of Service
IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS TERMS AND CONDITIONS (“T&C”) DOCUMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING OR USING THE APP– “Hidden Escape” series of games.
This Terms of Service applies whenever you play our games or otherwise access any of our other products, services, content,  vincellstudios.com and/or the other domains provided by Vincell Studios Inc.
For all practical purposes, irrespective of the version nomenclature, the base product name will be used as “Hidden Escape” in the T&C. Hidden Escape includes mobile software and associated media and may include printed materials, and may include “online” or electronic documentation collectively called as ‘App’, ‘Software’ or ‘Software Product’.
This is a legal document between you (either an individual or an entity, herein referred to as ‘USER’) and Vincell Studios Inc., (herein referred to as ‘Company’). By installing, copying, downloading, or otherwise using the App, USER acknowledges that USER has read this T&C, that USER understands it, and USER agrees to be bound by the T&C. USER can install the App on a Portable/ Mobile/ Detachable device.
“Use” means downloading, installation, copying, storing, executing, loading, searching, displaying or otherwise using the Software.
“Content” means game audio, game video or game image files such as game graphics, game story, game puzzles, etc.
In case USER does not wish to continue or does not agree with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, USER can exit from the installation or Use of the App.
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS:
Copyright:
Vincell Studios Inc. and its Products and Logos are the Trademarks of the Company. All intellectual property rights in the Software and its associated documents (including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, graphics and "applets," incorporated into the Software Product) are exclusively owned by the Company, and are protected by applicable Copyright, Trade Secret, Patent and Trademark laws. The Software is licensed, not sold. USER will not remove any identification, modify or obscure any proprietary or copyright notice of the Company from any copy of the Software or documents.
Copyright – Third party services and Content:
Hidden Escape, when used on your supported System, accesses Content either residing on the local device. Company does not own any Copyright to such content produced and/or provided by third party services and use of unauthorized content by the USER is strictly forbidden. USER is responsible to respect and abide by the T&C, Copyright and Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) of all Content displayed and/or accessed via the App.
Grant of License:
USER may download Software or purchase a license from Play Store or App Store.
Rights and Limitations:
USER is not authorized to rent, lease, sell, sublicense, assign or transfer rights in the Software. USER is not authorized to cause any portion of the Software to be copied onto another person’s System. USER has no ownership rights in the Software and its associated documents. The Ownership in the Software and its associated documents rests at all times with the Company. Failing to Use the Software as per ‘Terms of Use’ of the T&C by USER is strictly forbidden and is a violation of this T&C. In such case the Company may terminate the T&C and USER must destroy all copies of the Software Product and all of its associated documents. Company may, at its sole discretion, initiate legal action against USER for such violations, and USER will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible, which may result in severe civil and/or criminal penalties.
Terms of Use:
(a)
Modify, adapt, translate, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the Software or any portion thereof, in any manner;
(b)
Attempt to break security, access, tamper with or use any unauthorized portion of the Software;
(c)
Remove any Copyright, Trade Mark or other proprietary rights notices contained in the Software;
(d)
Attempt to collect or maintain any information about other users of the Software or other third parties for unauthorized purposes;
(e)
Transmit or attempt to transmit the Software over any network or between any devices unauthorizedly, enabling use of the Software on multiple Systems;
(f)
USE the Software for transmission of any viruses, worms, defects, trojan horses or other malicious code or items of a destructive nature; or
(g)
USE the Software for any unlawful, copyright infringement, harassing, abusive, criminal or fraudulent purposes.
Update, Upgrade, Maintenance, Data:
The Company may from time to time issue updates or upgrades of the Software, including on different application platforms. As part of necessitating an update/upgrade and maintenance or fraud detection with regards to the Software, Company may collect user information such as User’s device information and/or User related information. Company undertakes to store such information securely in an encrypted form and take all reasonable measures to prevent any unauthorized use of such information.
All updates and upgrades will be available to the USER at a fixed price, In-app purchase or free of cost, and on the conditions prescribed by the Company. Company keeps the exclusive rights whether to develop or maintain the Software further or to withdraw the Software from offering for download, without any prior notice to the USERS.
Age Factor:
USERS below 18 years of age should receive parental or guardian guidance related to downloading and using the Software. If USER is below eighteen years of age, Company assumes that USER has obtained necessary permission or guidance before downloading or using the application and that USER’s parents or guardian have no objection in this regard and have read and understood the T&C and have accepted the Terms and Conditions and Terms of Use on behalf of USER. In certain countries, the minimum age for downloading, installing or using digital Software may vary subject to local laws and the Company assumes that the USER has made an informed and legal decision.
Risk:
Hidden Escape is intended to be used as a personal entertainment tool. Hidden Escape is a puzzle based hidden object game. The Software has been designed and thoroughly tested. USER is solely responsible for all the actions and results related to the use of this Software.
Limited Warranty:
The Software is provided “As Is” without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of performance or merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. USER bears all risk relating to the use of the Software. If the Software does not perform substantially in accordance with the documentation, USER’s exclusive remedy will be limited to, at Company’s sole discretion, correction of the defect in the Software, if any, or refund of the actual cost paid by the User for the Software, subject to Clause No. 10 below.
Customer Remedies:
Company offers online support for this Software, pre and post sale. The nature of support can be free or on payment basis and the option of switching from free or on payment basis may be amended without prior notice, at the discretion of the Company. Company will try to resolve the issues arising from this Software. USER will cooperate with the Company Support team for investigation of issues. This limited warranty is void if failure of the Software has resulted from accident, abuse, misapplication or violating the Terms of Use.
Service:
While Vincell Studios Inc. makes reasonable efforts to ensure that its services are available at all times, Vincell Studios Inc. does not guarantee, represent or warrant that its services will be uninterrupted or error-free, and Vincell Studios Inc. does not guarantee that users will be able to access or use all the Vincell Studios Inc. assistance for the Software at all times.
No Liability:
In no event shall the Company be liable to the USER for any loss, damages, claims or costs whatsoever including any special, consequential, indirect or incidental damages, any lost profits or lost savings, lost data, loss of privacy, any damages resulting from business interruption, personal injury or failure to meet any duty of care, or claims by a third party arising out of the use or inability or inappropriate use of the Software, even if the Company has been advised of the possibility of such loss, damages, claims or costs in advance.
Legal Terms and Restrictions:
(a)
The Software and its associated documents are exported from Canada. This T&C is expressly made subject to any Laws, regulations, orders, or other restrictions on the export from Canada, of the Software or information about such Software, which may be imposed from time to time by the Government of Canada. USER shall not export the Software and its associated documents or any information thereof without the written permission from the Company.
(b)
T&C shall be governed, construed and implemented by the laws of Canada without giving effect to conflict of laws principle. All disputes under T&C
(c)
No failure to enforce any term of this T&C shall constitute a waiver of such term.
(d)
USER shall not assign its obligations hereunder in whole or in part without the prior written approval of the Company.
(e)
If any part of this T&C is for any reason found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this T&C shall not be affected and same shall remain in effect.
Complete Agreement:
This T&C is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between the Company and the USER with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes and voids any proposal prior or agreement to this T&C, oral or written, and any other communications between the Parties.
Amendments:
Company may, at any time, and at its sole discretion update/modify the Terms and Conditions without any notice to the User.
The most current version of the Terms and Conditions shall be applicable. If the USER has any queries with respect to the above terms and conditions, please write to the Company at
support@vincellstudios.com
or visit our Website
http://www.vincellstudios.com
for contact information.