Privacy Policy
Last Update August 2018
(hereinafter referred to as “”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) operates a platform and community marketplace that helps brands and content makers (hereinafter referred to as “Influencers”, “KOL”, or “you”), where they can create, list, discover and book through our website (“Platform”).
Through this Privacy Policy, our intention is to inform you about how we treat your Personal Information. If you disagree with any part of this Privacy Policy, the Platform or its Services will not be available to you, and you should deactivate your account to stop accessing the Platform.
All bank account details and personally identifiable information will NOT be stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties. will not pass any bank account details to third parties. takes appropriate steps to ensure data privacy and security including through various hardware and software methodologies. However, () cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online. is not responsible for the privacy policies of websites to which it links. If you provide any information to such third parties, different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal information may apply. You should contact these entities directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect. The Website Policies and Terms & Conditions may be changed or updated occasionally to meet the requirements and standards. Therefore, the Customers’ are encouraged to frequently visit these sections to be updated about the changes on the website. Modifications will be effective on the day they are posted.
Definitions
“Personal Information” refers to information about an individual who is or can be identified either from that information or from that information in conjunction with other information that is in, or is likely to come into, the possession of the Data Controller. The term “Aggregated Information” stands for information about all our users or specific groups or user categories that are combined together so that it doesn’t identify or refer to an individual user. “Data Controller” means , the company that is accountable for using and processing of Personal Information.
What Types of Information Does Gather About Its Users?
Information that you give us
We receive, store and process information that you provide us with while accessing or using our Platform and Services. For example, when you:
fill in any form on the Platform, such as when you register or update your user account, or when you verify your identity.link your account on a third party site (e.g. Instagram) to your account, in which case we will get the Personal Information that you have provided to the third party site, but only to the extent allowed by your settings with the third party site and authorized by you; and communicate with .
access or use the Platform, such as to search for or post content creators, make or accept bookings, pay for promotions, post comments or reviews, or communicate with other users.
Mobile Data
When you are accessing certain features of our Platform, especially mobile applications, we reserve the right to receive, store and process various types of information regarding your location, as well as general information such as IP addresses or more specific information such as GPS location.
Log Data
Whenever you access our Platform, we may also receive, store and process the Log Data, which is essentially the information our servers record automatically even if you are not registered or logged in to your account on . The information includes IP address, the date and time of access, the hardware or software that you are using, pages viewed, URLs, clicks and time spent on specific pages.
Cookies and other Tracking Technologies
uses cookies and other similar technologies, such as mobile application identifiers, on the Platform. Besides these, our business partners are also allowed to use their cookies and other tracking technologies. Hence when you access or use our Platform, you will be making available certain information to us as well as our business partners.You have the option of disabling the usage of cookies through your browser settings. However this will not change our practices in response to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from your browser or mobile application. If you click on ads for on third party platforms like search engines and social networks, we will be able to track your activities and may use analytics to track your response.
Third-party social plugins
Our Platform may use social plugins, such as Facebook’s Like Button, which are provided and operated by third-party companies
As a result, you may send the information you are viewing on a certain part of our Platform to the third-party company. If you are not logged into your account with the third-party company, then the third party may not know your identity. However, if you are logged into your account with the third-party company, then the third party may be able to link information about your visit to our Platform to your account with them. Similarly, your interactions with the social plugin may be recorded by the third party. Please refer to the third party’s privacy policy to find out more about its data practices and how they use such collected data.
How Uses and Processes User Communications
To help make our search, booking, and user communications more efficient, as well as to debug, improve, and expand our offerings, we may scan, review or analyze messages. We will not review, scan, or analyze your communications for sending third party marketing messages to you. We will also not sell these reviews or analyses to third parties.
How Uses and Processes The Information That You Provide or Make Available
We use, store, and process Information about you for these general purposes:
to enable you to access and use the Platform.to help create and maintain a trustworthy and secure environment on the Platform and Services, such as fraud detection and prevention, verifying the address of your listings, conducting investigations and assessing risks, verifying identifications provided by you, and conducting checks against databases such as public government databases.to operate, protect, improve and optimize the Platform, our users’ experience, such as to perform analytics, conduct research, personalize or otherwise customize your experience, and for advertising and marketing.to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes that we may have with any of our users, and enforce our agreements with third parties.to send you service, support and administrative messages, security alerts, technical notices, reminders, updates, and information requested by you.
When Discloses or Shares Personal Information, and To Whom
IMPORTANT: When you use the Platform, your data may be possibly sent to other countries.
Some parts of your public profile page that contain some Personal Information may be viewable in other parts of the Platform to other users for marketing purposes or to the extent necessary to operate and manage referral and rewards programs.
Your public page will always include some information about you such as your location, your calendar availability, your public profile photo and your earlier campaigns. It may also include aggregated demand information (such as number of page views over a period of time).
You may link your account on a third party social networking site to your account. We refer to a user’s contacts on third party sites as “Friends”. When you create this connection
We may publish some of the information you provide us from the linking of your accounts may on your account profile.
Other users may be able to see any common Friends that you may have, or that you are a Friend of their Friend if applicable.
Your activities on the Platform may be displayed to your Friends on the Platform and/or the third party site
Other users may be able to see any schools, hometowns or other groups you have in common with them as listed on your linked social networking site(s).
The information you provide to us from the linking of your accounts may be stored, processed and transmitted for the purpose of fraud prevention and risk assessment.
The publication and display of information that you provide to through this linkage will correspond to your settings and authorizations on the Platform and the third party site.
We may also engage third party companies and individuals to provide services to us, including but not limited to technology services and services to help verify your identification, to otherwise assist us with fraud prevention and risk assessment, to conduct checks against databases such as public government databases (where legally allowed), to assist us with customer service, and to facilitate the payments or reimbursements you request. We may provide Personal Information about you to these third parties, or give them access to this Personal Information, for the limited purpose of allowing them to provide these services. We will make sure that such third parties are contractually obliged to protect this Personal Information and to not use it for unrelated purposes.
We may also publish, disclose and use Aggregated Information and non-personal information for industry and market analysis, marketing and advertising, demographic profiling, and other business purposes.
Your Privacy When You Access Third-party Websites and Resources
Some portions of the Platform implement Google Maps/Earth mapping services, including Google Maps API(s). Your use of Google Maps/Earth is subject to Google’s terms of use (located at www.google.com/intl/en_us/help/terms_maps.html) and Google’s privacy policy (located at www.google.com/privacy.html), as may be amended by Google from time to time.
Securing Your Personal Information
We are continuously in the process of implementing and updating our administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help secure your Personal Information against unauthorized access, destruction or alteration. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, and no method of storing electronic information, can be 100% secure. That’s why, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your transmissions to us and of your Personal Information that we store.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change how we collect and use Personal Information at any time and without prior notice, at our sole discretion. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. In case of any material changes to the Privacy Policy, you will notified either by posting the changed Privacy Policy on the Platform or by sending an email to you. We will also update the “Last Updated Date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we send you an email notifying you of the changes, then the date on which we send the email will be deemed to be the date of your receipt of that email.
It’s important that you review the changed Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to agree to the changed Privacy Policy, then we will not be able to continue providing the Platform and Services to you, and your only option will be to stop accessing the Platform and Services and deactivate your account. To know about how to deactivate your account, visit www.lemon.cm/help.
Got Feedback?
Your voice counts! If you’d like to comment or provide feedback to us about this Privacy Policy, please email us at social@lemon.cm.
Cookie Policy
uses “cookies” in conjunction with the Platform to obtain information. A cookie is nothing but a small data file that is transferred to your device (e.g., your phone or your computer) for record-keeping purposes. For example, a cookie could allow the Platform to recognize your browser, while another could store your preferences and other information. Your browser may allow you to set how it handles cookies, such as declining all cookies or prompting you to decide whether to accept each cookie. But it is important to note that without cookies, some parts of the Platform may not work as intended or may not work at all.
Cookies and Third Party Cookies
may place cookies on your device via the Platform. Accordingly, our Privacy Policy will apply to our treatment of the information we obtain via our cookies. We may also allow our business partners to place cookies on your device. For example, we use Google Analytics for web analytics, so Google may also set cookies on your device. As explained below, third parties may also place cookies on your device for advertising purposes. There are two types of cookies used on the Platform, “persistent cookies” and “session cookies”. Session cookies will normally expire when you close your browser, while persistent cookies will remain on your device after you close your browser, and can be used again the next time you access the Platform.
Other Technologies
The Platform may also use other technologies with similar functionality to cookies, such as web beacons and tracking URLs to obtain Log Data about users. We may also use web beacons and tracking URLs in our messages to you to determine if you have opened a certain message or accessed a certain link.
Uses for Cookies
uses cookies for purposes listed below
To enable, facilitate and streamline the functioning of the Platform across different webpages and browser sessions.To monitor and analyze the performance, operation and effectiveness of the Platform, so as to help us improve and optimize it.To simplify your access to and use of the Platform and make it more seamless.To display content (including advertisements) that is more relevant to you.
Uses for Third Party Cookies
Cookies from our partners’ platforms are intended to help them provide services to . For example, third party companies and individuals we engage to provide services may track your behavior on our Platform to market and advertise listings or services to you on the Platform and third party websites. You may also be able to control advertising cookies provided by publishers, for example Google’s Ad Preference Manager
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
. Please note that even if you choose to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising, you may still receive advertising on the Platform – it just will not be tailored to your interests.
In addition, Facebook places a cookie via the Platform that allows Facebook to obtain aggregated, non-Personal Information to optimize their services. For example, if a user clicks on an advertisement for the mobile app on Facebook and subsequently installs the app, this cookie will inform Facebook that a user (who is not personally identified) has installed the app after clicking on the advertisement. This cookie may also inform Facebook that a user is using the app, without identifying the specific actions taken by the user in the app.
Disabling Cookies
Usually, most browsers will automatically accept cookies, but you can adjust your browser settings to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser’s toolbar. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in, customize, or use some of the interactive features of the Platform. Cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies, which operate differently than browser cookies.
Changes to this Cookie Policy
We can change this Cookie Policy at any time. If we make material changes to the Cookie Policy, we will notify you either by posting the changed Cookie Policy on the Platform or by sending you an email. It’s important that you review the changed Cookie Policy. If you do not wish to agree to the changed Cookie Policy, then we cannot continue to provide the Platform to you, and your only option is to stop accessing the Platform and deactivate your account. You can find out more about how to deactivate your account at www.lemon.cm/help.
CloseMenu
Buat Akun
Saya pemilik brand
Saya ingin meningkatkan brand awareness dan menjual produk saya.
Buat akun brand
Saya seorang influencer
Saya ingin menampilkan produk dan mendapatkan benefit
Buat akun influencer
Lemon for Influencer
About LEMON
Our Customers
LEMON Project Case Studies
Articles
Contact Us
Buat Akun
Masuk
Hubungi Kami