eSIM for Travel
Virtual Phone Number
Download the App
English
Русский
Polski
Deutsch
Português
Español
Français
Italiano
Sign in
Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 23, 2024
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Appvillis, UAB ('Company', 'we','us', or 'our'). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our Policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at support@appvillis.com.
When you visit our mobile application, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our Privacy Policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this Privacy Policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Apps and our services.
This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected through our mobile application, ('Apps'), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this Privacy Policy as the 'Sites')
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Apps.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Apps. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Apps and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Apps, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
Information collected through our Apps
In Short: We may collect information regarding your mobile device, push notifications, when you use our apps.
If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information:
Mobile Device Access.
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's camera, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
Mobile Device Data.
We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address.
Push Notifications.
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device&apos;s settings.
Information collected from other sources
In Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information we receive from other sources include: social media profile information; marketing leads and search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links).
Information we may directly request:
To comply with regulatory requirements, we may request your identification (ID or Passport) and the address you used for registration. This information is needed for verification purposes to grant you access to outgoing calls and SMS services.
Information that is not collected, but used directly on your device
Contacts Collection:
We responsibly gather your contacts data to enable direct call and SMS functionalities within our App, ensuring this personal information remains exclusive to our platform and is neither shared nor transmitted elsewhere.
Image Information:
We utilize image data to empower key functionalities within our App, such as QR code scanning. We guarantee that your image data is exclusively used within our App and is neither shared with nor transmitted to any external parties.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Apps for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To send you marketing and promotional communications. We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the 'WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS' below).
To send administrative information to you. We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Fulfill and manage your orders. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Apps.
To post testimonials. We post testimonials on our Apps that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, please contact us at support@appvillis.com and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Deliver targeted advertising to you. We may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
Request Feedback. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Apps.
To protect our Sites. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Apps safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Apps, products, services, marketing and your experience.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Apps, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Apps over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners. We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
Other Users. When you share personal information or otherwise interact with public areas of the Apps, such personal information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Apps in perpetuity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within our Apps, and view your profile.
WHO WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH?
In Short: We only share information with the following third parties.
We only share and disclose your information with the following third parties. We have categorized each party so that you may easily understand the purpose of our data collection and processing practices. If we have processed your data based on your consent and you wish to revoke your consent, please contact us.
Advertising, Direct Marketing, and Lead GenerationAdMob and Facebook Audience Network
Functionality and Infrastructure OptimizationCloud Functions for Firebase
Invoice and BillingApple Pay and Android Pay
Web and Mobile Analytics, Appsflyer, Facebook Analytics, Google Analytics, Google Analytics for Firebase and TestFlight
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy.
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short: We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
Our servers are located in the EU and USA. If you are accessing our Apps from outside, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see 'WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?' above) in other countries.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, then these countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in your country. We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
In Short: We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third-party providers who advertise, but are not affiliated with, our websites.
The Apps may contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Apps. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this Policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 2 years.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
TERMINATION AND DELETION OF ACCOUNT VIA THE APPLICATION
Users reserve the right to request the termination of their account. To facilitate this, our application provides a built-in feature permitting the initiation of account termination. Once invoked, this request undergoes processing in line with our established Data Retention Protocols.
It's important to note that when an account termination is initiated, all associated Virtual Numbers and Data Plans will also be terminated. This action is permanent and irreversible.
Data Retention Protocols:
Following the receipt of a termination request, we will delete the user's account and all associated personal data from our systems within the specified timeframe of 30 days. Certain non-personal, de-identified data may persist, retained exclusively for regulatory compliance, audit facilitation, or internal analytic processes.
Data Preservation Advisory:
Prior to invoking the account termination procedure, users are advised to create backups of critical data. The termination procedure is irreversible, resulting in the permanent removal of all user-associated data from our operative servers.
Third-party Associations:
When user accounts are linked with third-party services, users may need to take separate actions to disengage or delete their data on those platforms. While our commitment to thorough data deletion is unwavering, we are unable to guarantee comprehensive data erasure from external third-party servers.
Residual Data Notice:
After account termination, anonymized residual data may remain within our system's logs and archives. This data, disassociated from individual user identities, will be methodically purged during our routine data sanitation cycles.
Account Reactivation:
Post-termination, account, virtual number and data plan restoration is not possible. Users who wish to use our services after account termination will need to create a new account.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Apps is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Apps, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent's use of the Apps. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at
support@appvillis.com
.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the
contact details
provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here:
https://commission.europa.eu/law/law-topic/data-protection_en
Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Apps.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ('DNT') feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
DELETION OF THE USER'S PERSONAL INFORMATION AND DISCONNECTION OF THE USER'S ACCOUNT FROM THE PROVISION OF SERVICES BY THE eSIM Plus SERVICE.
The user's personal data can be deleted at the request of the user after contacting the support service via email support.esim@appvillis.com. Account data will be completely deleted, eSIMs and virtual numbers connected to the account will stop working. It will be impossible to restore data after deletion.
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the 'Shine The Light' law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Apps, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Apps. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Apps, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated 'Revised' date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at support@appvillis.com or by post to: Šiaulių g. 10-56, Vilnius, 01134, Lithuania
Your Privacy Matters
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to measure website traffic and improve your experience.
Privacy Policy
Customize
Accept Selected
Decline All
Accept All
Change Your Privacy Settings
Analytics Cookies
For measuring website traffic and sources.
Other Trackers
For other tracking technologies like pixels or local storage.
Save Settings