HealthHub
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITE
Al-Futtaim Group company (Al-Futtaim Health) maintains this Web Site /application and all the information, communications, software, scripting, photos, text, video, graphics, music, sounds, images and other materials and services found on the Site (collectively ‘Content’), for the use of its customers, employees and members of the general public but only for the lawful purposes described below. Such content is provided as a convenience to its customers and to the general public. Al Futtaim understands and respects users privacy and it is committed to protect it. By visiting the HealthHub Portal and using our Smart Applications, users agree to the practices stated in this policy. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we collect and use information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION:
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
Any data related to a specific natural person, or related to a natural person that can be identified directly or indirectly through linking the data, through the use of identification elements such as his name.
We collect information about you when you voluntarily register with us to receive company related alerts, complete our online information request form, and complete any surveys or feedback forms. We use cookies to collect information about your use of our website (technical data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you including your first name, last name, title, gender, occupation, address, e-mail address, telephone numbers, feedback and survey responses, selected communication preferences, which you provide voluntarily.
We may also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal information but is not considered personal information in law as this information does not, directly or indirectly, reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal information so that it can, directly or indirectly, identify you, we treat the combined data as personal information which will be used in accordance with this notice.
We do not collect any special categories of personal data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences. This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use different methods to collect personal information from and about you, including through:
Direct interactions:
You may provide certain personal information (such as your name, address, telephone and e-mail address) by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you register for e-mail alerts on this website; request information to be sent to you; complete and submit a survey; or provide feedback to us.
Automated technologies or interactions:
As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this by using cookies. Please see our cookie policy in section 11 below for further details. Through analytics, we use anonymized aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data.
Third parties:
We may receive personal data about you or aggregated technical data from external services providers contracted by Al Futtaim Health to host or maintain certain sections of this website.
INFORMATION USAGE
As summarized below, we only use your personal information to pursue our legitimate interests (or those of a third party), and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests; to comply with a legal obligation; for any other purpose that you have agreed with us; or otherwise permitted by law.
PURPOSE
To communicate with you in accordance with your selected preference, such as registering you for alerts; communicating alerts, surveys, financial and other information relating to the Company with you; responding to an information request by you.
To manage our relationship with you, which may include: notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy; asking you to take a survey or provide feedback.
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data, compliance with legal or regulatory obligations and establishing, exercising or defending our legal rights)
To deliver relevant website content to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the information we present.
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences.
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
To communicate with you in accordance with your preference.
Performance of a contract with you.
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services).
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business re organization or group restructuring exercise).
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how visitors use our website, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our communication strategy).
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of visitors to our website and to keep our website updated and relevant).
PERMISSION FOR PERSONAL DATA ACCESS FOR SMART APPLICATIONS
Depending on the User’s specific device, smart Application may request certain permissions that allow it to access the User’s device Data as described below:
By default, these permissions must be granted by the User before the respective information can be accessed. Once the permission has been given, it can be revoked by the User at any time. In order to revoke these permissions, Users may refer to the device settings or contact the Owner for support at the contact details provided in the present document.
The exact procedure for controlling app permissions may be dependent on the User’s device and software.
Please note that the revoking of such permissions might impact functioning of certain features and services of smart Application.
If User grants any of the permissions listed below, the respective Personal Data can be processed (i.e. accessed) by the smart Application.
Calendar
Application may ask for Calendar permission to schedule calls for teleconsultations.
Camera
This permission has been used to access the device camera for processing OCR on user’s identification documents.
Storage and Photos/Media/Files
Storage permission is needed in order to store captured images from the camera and then later access those images if required.
Microphone permission
Allows accessing and recording microphone audio from the User’s device to enable Calling and Chatting feature with Medical staff.​
MARKETING AND ADVERTISING
We do not use your personal information for marketing or advertising purposes. We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
CHANGE OF PURPOSE
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
AGENTS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS
We outsource the processing of certain functions and/or information to third parties. When we do outsource the processing of your personal information to third parties or provide your personal information to third-party service providers, we oblige those third parties to protect your personal information with appropriate security measures in accordance with our standards and applicable law.
PROMOTIONAL MATERIAL
Names and e-mail addresses to affiliated service providers [for the purposes of distributing promotional materials, surveys and questionnaires or other information that you have said you are willing to receive].
HOW WE SECURE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Your personal information shall be treated as confidential and collected, processed and stored by Al Futtaim Health and our service providers in a manner that ensures appropriate security thereof, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organizational measures, which include:
identity and access management;
infrastructure and operations security;
vulnerability management;
business continuity planning;
disaster recovery planning; and
security awareness
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
While Al Futtaim Health will use all reasonable endeavors to ensure the integrity, security and confidentiality of all personal information submitted and/or obtained from a user, it will not be held liable under any circumstances if such information is compromised, disseminated or otherwise disclosed through conduct outside the reasonable control of Al Futtaim Health such as hacking, infection by “viruses”, “Trojan Horses” or any other computer programming routines or software that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information.
COOKIES
Cookies are used to customize users visit and enhance the user surfing experience. It is possible to set most web browsers to reject cookies, accept, or delete these files. However, the refusal or removing cookies may obstruct your user experience.
SOCIAL MEDIA
Users of social media (eg, Facebook.com, Twitter.com, LinkedIn.com, Instagram etc.) shall be in compliance with the applicable laws & regulations, respectful of the larger community by complying with the terms and policies of each Social Media Host.
Users are encouraged to contribute comments that are respectful and for further discussion on our social media sites, but users shall avoid making comments that might be considered Confrontational, Offensive, Discriminatory, Profane, Off-topic, Spam (i.e, unsolicited promotion of a third -party business), Mis privacy-leading and Fake.
Al Futtaim Health reserves the right to remove comments or content on our social media sites that fit into any one of the above categories, or for any other reason, to preserve the integrity of our social media sites. We may block further posting on our social media sites by any individual who violates this Privacy Policy.
Any comments or content posted by the users do not reflect, in any way, Al Futtaim Health’s opinion.
INFORMATION SECURITY CONTROLS
Al Futtaim Health has implemented appropriate controls to protect and safeguard the privacy of user’s personal information shared or collected by Al Futtaim Health.
Where appropriate, encryption methods are used to protect information, which is deemed sensitive, or any other data that should remain secure to meet Federal, Local legal requirements.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In accordance with applicable law your personal information may be shared with:
Locally or Internationally within Al Futtaim Health
The Al Futtaim Health is an international healthcare services group, with the Company’s registered office in the UAE. The Group has plans of expanding its operating divisions outside the United Arab Emirates. As such our information systems or those of service providers may be in different countries. This may result in the transfer of your personal information might end up in one of those information systems to another country, and that country may have a different level of data protection regulation than yours. By giving us personal information, you consent to this kind of transfer of your personal information. No matter what country your personal information is in, you can expect a similar degree of protection in respect of your personal information which will be processed in accordance with our privacy and data protection policy and applicable laws.
Agents or service providers
We outsource the processing of certain functions and/or information to third parties. When we do outsource the processing of your personal information to third parties or provide your personal information to third-party service providers, we oblige those third parties to protect your personal information with appropriate security measures in accordance with our standards and applicable law.
Promotional material
Names and e-mail addresses to affiliated service providers [for the purposes of distributing promotional materials, surveys and questionnaires or other information that you have said you are willing to receive].
Business transfers
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal information in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
Legal requirements
We reserve the right to disclose any personal information we have concerning you if we are compelled to do so by a court of law, requested to do so by a governmental entity, or if we determine it is necessary or desirable to comply with the law or to protect or defend our rights or property in accordance with applicable laws. We also reserve the right to retain personal information collected and to process such personal information to comply with accounting, tax rules, regulations and any specific record retention laws.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal information and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
MODIFICATIONS
Al Futtaim Health reserves the right to modify or amend the Privacy Policy at any time and the effective date will be posted at the beginning of the Privacy Policy. It is advisable to check the Privacy Policy on a regular basis for any changes.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO OUR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Subject to certain exceptions, you have rights under relevant data protection law in relation to our use of your personal information, including to:
Request access to your personal information
held by us, together with an explanation of the categories of personal information being processed, the purposes of such processing, and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information may be disclosed;
Request a correction of your personal information
if it is inaccurate or incomplete
Request restriction of processing or object to certain uses of your personal information
(which includes direct marketing, and processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling) and processing for purposes of scientific or historical research and statistics) on grounds relating to your particular situation;
Request the erasure of your personal information
, or restrict its use, in certain circumstances (for example you can request that we erase your personal information where the personal information is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected (unless certain exceptions apply) and
Withdraw any consents
you have provided in respect of our use of your personal information.
HOW WE SECURE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
While Al Futtaim Health will use all reasonable endeavors to ensure the integrity, security and confidentiality of all personal information submitted and/or obtained from a user, it will not be held liable under any circumstances if such information is compromised, disseminated or otherwise disclosed through conduct outside the control of Al Futtaim Health such as hacking, infection by “viruses”, “Trojan Horses” or any other computer programming routines or software that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information.
DATA RETENTION
All data will be retained as per the UAE regulations.
If you have questions about the Al Futtaim Health Privacy Policy, please contact us via e-mail at: Info.HealthHub@alfuttaim.com
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THE SITE/APPLICATION.