Open Privacy Policy
Open, Inc. (“
Open
,” “
we
,” “
our
,” and/or “
us
”) values the privacy of individuals who use our websites (including https://o-p-e-n.com, applications, or services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “
Services
”). This privacy policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) explains how we collect, use, and share Personal Information from users of our Services (“
Users
”). By using our Services, you understand that we will collect, use, and disclose your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. Beyond the Privacy Policy, your use of our Services is also subject to our Terms of Service.
I. Information We Collect
We may collect a variety of information from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below. In this Privacy Policy, “
Personal Information
” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual.
Information You Provide to Us.
Registration and Profile Information.
If you sign up for an account, register to use our Services, or sign up for notifications or updates, we ask you for your [phone number and email address]. You also have the option to provide your [first name and last name, profile photo and credit card details].
Communications with Us.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional Personal Information about you. For example, when you contact us for customer support, we may receive your name, email address, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other Personal Information you choose to provide. If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will collect certain Personal Information from you, such as your [email address]. When we send you emails, we may [track whether you open them to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our Services].
[
Communications with Others.
If you contact other Users on the Services, we may receive additional Personal Information about you. For example, when you use the Chat feature of the website, we may receive your [profile information, the content of the communications, and the chat rooms in which you are active].]
Payment Information.
If you make a purchase through our Services to book an online class, your payment-related information, such as your credit card information, billing information, and any other financial information necessary to complete your purchase (“
Payment Information
”) is processed by our third-party payment processor, and we do not collect, store, or process your Payment Information. For more information, please see the “Payment Processing” section below.
Careers.
If you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information and your resume online. We will collect the Personal Information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience.
Information We Collect When You Use Our Services.
Device Information.
We receive information about the device and software you use to access our Services, including IP address, web browser type, and operating system version.
Usage Information.
To help us understand how you use our Services and to help us improve
them, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Services, such as the pages or other content you view, the searches you conduct, people you follow, creators you are subscribed to, purchases you make, any content you post, and the dates and times of your visits.
Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We and our third-party partners collect information using cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies. Our third-party partners, such as analytics and advertising partners, may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different services. We may use both session cookies (which are deleted from your device after you leave the website) and persistent cookies (which remain on your device for longer or until you delete it manually). A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our Services.
Please review your web browser’s “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies from the Services, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Services to their fullest potential.
C. Information We Receive from Third Parties
.
Information from Third-Party Services.
If you choose to link our Services to a third-party account, we may receive Personal Information about you, including your profile information and your photo. If you wish to limit the Personal Information available to us, you should visit the privacy settings of your third-party accounts to learn about your options. If we combine or associate information from other sources with Personal Information that we collect through the Services, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Payment Processing.
When you make a purchase through our Services, your payment is processed by a third-party payment processor such as [Stripe] (“
Payment Processor
”). This Payment Processor may collect Personal Information from you, including your [name, email address, billing address] and Payment Information in connection with your purchase. The use of your Personal Information by our Payment Processor is governed by its terms and conditions and privacy policy, and Personal Information we receive about you from our Payment Processor is governed by this Privacy Policy.
II. How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the Personal Information we collect for the following purposes:
Communicating with you.
We may use your email address or other Personal Information we collect on the Services as necessary to contact you for administrative purposes such as to provide services and information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support. If you share your phone number with us, we may use it to send you text messages, including account notifications, if you choose to receive such messages.
Providing the Services and personalizing your experience.
We may use your Personal Information to provide and maintain the Services, including to allow you to book online classes and sessions, facilitate transactions and payments. When doing so, we may use your Personal Information to personalize your experience on our Services such as by providing tailored content and recommendations.
Understanding usage and improving the Services.
We use the Personal Information we collect through our Services to analyze trends and statistics and to improve and enhance our Services.
Marketing.
We may use your email address and other Personal Information to send marketing communications related to our Services. Generally, you have the ability to opt out of receiving any promotional communications as described below under “Your Rights and Choices.” Where required under applicable law, we will only send you promotional emails with your opt-in consent.
Advertising.
We may use your usage information and other Personal Information to develop and provide you with promotional and advertising materials that may be relevant, valuable, or otherwise of interest to you.
Legal obligation and Compliance.
We use Personal Information to find and prevent fraud, respond to trust and safety issues that may arise, and for compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service or other legal rights or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.
Other Purposes.
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the Personal Information is collected.
What Are Cookies and How Do We Use Them
Cookies are small files of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. They contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies, beacons, invisible tags, and similar technologies (collectively “
Cookies
”) to collect information about your browsing activities and to distinguish you from other users of the Services. This aids your experience when you use the Services and also allows us to improve the functionality of the Services. When you use our Services, we collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies and browser analysis tools. In many cases, the information we collect using cookies and other tools is used in a non-identifiable way, without any reference to personal data. We may use Cookies to make website sign-in and usage more efficient and to tailor your browsing preferences and improve the functionality of our websites. Cookies can be used for performance management, collecting information on how our website is being used for analytics purposes. They can also be used for functionality management, enabling us to make the user’s visit more efficient by, for example, remembering language preferences, passwords, and log-in details. We may also use pixel tags and web beacons on our website. These are tiny graphic images placed on web pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, the pixel tags and web beacons generate a notice of that action. These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve our web pages and promotions.
Below is an overview of the types of cookies we and third parties may use to collect Personal Information.
Strictly necessary cookies.
Some Cookies are strictly necessary to make the Services available to you. We cannot provide you with the Services without this type of cookies. For example, these cookies allow us to provide the login functionality. We cannot provide you with the Services without this type of cookies.
Functional cookies.
These are used to recognize you when you return to the Services. This enables us to adapt our content for you, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Analytical or Performance cookies.
We also use cookies for website and app analytics purposes in order to operate, maintain and improve our Services. We may use our own analytics cookies or use third-party analytics providers such as Firebase, Log Rocket, Sentry. to collect and process certain analytics data on our behalf. These providers may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can opt out of 3rd party services without affecting how you visit our Services by emailing support@o-p-e-n.com.
Where required by applicable law, we obtain your consent to use cookies. You can find more information about your rights and choices, and how to block the use of certain cookies in the section Your Rights and Choices below.
Our Use of European Personal Information
If you are located in the European Economic Area, we only process your Personal Information when we have a valid “legal basis”, including when:
Consent.
You have consented to the use of your Personal Information, for example to send you marketing communications or to use cookies and similar technologies.
Contractual necessity.
We need your Personal Information to provide you with the Services, for example to respond to your inquiries.
Compliance with a legal obligation.
We have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information, for example to comply with tax and accounting obligations.
Legitimate interests.
We or a third party have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for product development and internal analytics purposes, and otherwise to improve the safety, security, and performance of our Services. We only rely on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to process your Personal Information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
III. How We Share the Information We Collect
Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information that we collect on the Services to third parties without your consent. We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:
Affiliates.
We may share any Personal Information we receive with our affiliates for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share any Personal Information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of our Services.
User Content.
You can see, schedule, and attend online classes through our Services. Some of your profile information may be viewable by other users.
Analytics Partners.
We use analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. These services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn more about Google’s practices by visiting
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. To help us understand how you use our Services and to help us improve them, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Services, like the pages or other content you view, the searches you conduct, people you follow, purchases you make, your comments, any content you post, and the dates and times of your visits.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety. For the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of your Personal Information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through the Services.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
We may transfer your Personal Information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets.
Consent.
We may also disclose your Personal Information with your permission.
IV. Your Rights and Choices
Sharing Preferences.
Certain information such as your user name may always be publicly available to others, and other information is made publicly available to others by default. You can revise, modify, or delete your account information.
Marketing Communications.
You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails via the link provided in the emails. Even if you opt-out of receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.
How to Block Cookies.
You can block Cookies by setting your internet browser to block some or all the Cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies (including essential Cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our Services. By using our websites you consent to our use of Cookies and our processing of information collected through such cookies, in accordance with this Cookie Policy and our Privacy Notice. You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting placed cookies and disabling Cookies in your browser, or as explained below. You can change your browser settings to block or notify you when you receive a Cookie, delete Cookies, or browse our website using your browser’s anonymous usage setting. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about how to adjust or modify your browser settings. If you do not agree to our use of Cookies or similar technologies which store information on your device, you should change your browser settings accordingly. You should understand that some features of our websites may not function properly if you do not accept Cookies or these technologies. Where required by applicable law, you will be asked to consent to certain Cookies and similar technologies before we use or install them on your computer or other device. We do not process web browser Do Not Track signals. To learn more about browser tracking signals and Do Not Track please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.org
.
Your European Privacy Rights.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have the additional rights described below.
You may request access to and receive information about the Personal Information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, restrict or object to the processing of your Personal Information, have your Personal Information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Information to another company. In addition, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place.
You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before you withdrew your consent.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this Policy. Before meeting your request, we may ask you to provide reasonable information to verify your identity. Please note that there are exceptions and limitations to each of these rights, and that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain Personal Information for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
V. International Visitors
The Services are hosted in the United States and are intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use the Services from regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing, which does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. When we transfer your Personal Information to the United States, we take steps to comply with applicable data protection law, in particular legal requirements regarding adequate protection for data transfers. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Services. By providing any information, including Personal Information, on or to the Services, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
VI. European Visitors
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), we will comply with applicable EEA data protection law when transferring your Personal Information outside of the EEA. We may transfer your Personal Information to countries which have been found to provide adequate protection by the EU Commission, use contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Information, transfer to recipients who have adopted Binding Corporate Rules, or rely on an appropriate legal derogation. For more information about how we transfer Personal Information outside of the EEA, or to obtain a copy of the contractual safeguards we use for such transfers, you may contact us using the contact details given below.
VII. Third Parties
Our Services may contain links to other websites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your activities on these third-party services or any Personal Information you disclose to these third parties. We encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.
VIII. Retention
We take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this Personal Information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this Personal Information for a longer period. When determining the specific retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of service provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, and mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
IX. Security
We make reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information by using physical and electronic safeguards designed to improve the security of the information we maintain. However, as no electronic transmission or storage of information can be entirely secure, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your Personal Information.
X. Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our Services are directed to children. If you learn that a child has provided us with Personal Information in violation of this Privacy Policy, then you may alert us at support@o-p-e-n.com.
XI. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share Personal Information previously collected from you through the Services, we will notify you through the Services, by email, or other communication.
XIII. Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please email us at support@o-p-e-n.com or get in touch with us using the contact details below: OPEN
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
