Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy describes how we (
Lite Tools Games,
AoFun Games Studio
and so on
) collect the information when you play our games downloaded from Google Play Store, Apple Store and other third party app store. The Policy also explains how we use and disclose the information collected from you.
“Personal Data” means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as “personally identifiable information” or “personal information” under applicable data privacy laws, rules, or regulations.
What
Personal Data
We Collect ?
When you register for the Services as a registered user, we may collect the following Personal Data from you directly:
your name,
email address
zip code/postal code
user name.
We also may receive Personal Data from other third parties if you sign-up to use the Services via certain third-party social networking sites (each a “Social Networking Service”). In this case, we may receive and use Personal Data you have provided to such Social Networking Services and made available via your account privacy settings. In this regard, we may choose to collect the following Personal Data:
your name,
profile picture
friends list
IP address
Facebook and other unique IDs
email address
We use the following  information after your agreement  to implement significant features and provide you better experience.
Device Information.
We use device-specific information (such as your hardware manufacturer & model, operating system version, screen size, CPU model, mobile network information and installed apps) to implement app features, provide our services, and improve the app performance for all our users.
Local File and Storage.
We use local shared objects to enhance user experience, for example, storing your city and weather data, pictures after processing, user preferences and settings.
App Usage Data.
We use usage data includes information relating to the behavior and/or the habit when you are using the app to analyze and improve the user experience. We do not collect the content you may transmit or share within the app.
Photo in Gallery.
We access your device gallery to implement features (such as duplicate photo remover, photo collage), but we will never store or transfer your album photos.
Camera Access.
We only access your device camera when using app features like Flashlight or getting camera resolution.
Location Information.
When you use a location-enabled Weather app service, we may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device.
If you do not provide us the relevant Personal Data, you may not be able to use our Services completely.
We also may collect the following Personal Data from our website or your device when you are using the Services or are navigating to the Services from other (third party) websites: certain information about your computer or mobile device including operating system, software version, Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, mac address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, language, details about your browser, location information (including inferred location based off your IP address), Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, and other information about how you use the Services. Information we collect may be associated with your account and the devices you use.
If you choose to purchase any virtual goods as part of your use of the Services, to the extent available, we or our third-party service providers may collect the following Personal Data from you in order to facilitate your payment for such virtual goods: Purchase history (this does NOT include payment method details or banking information which is collected and processed by a third-party).
About facial data
What facial data does our app collect?
Our application only collects user facial key points.
How do we use the collected facial data?
Whenever you apply an effect that involves a face manipulation we use other special face recognition technologies on the server side in order to:
- detect a face in a photo;
- find required facial key points (the set of points varies with the effect);
- and apply the effect to your photo based on the detected key points.
In this case the key points are temporarily cached in server’s RAM between processings and get removed shortly after the last effect has been applied to the corresponding photo.
Will the data be shared with any third parties?  Where will this information be stored?
We use the Replicate server to process facial data. We will save the user's facial image on our own Google server and also upload it to the Replicate server.
How long will facial data be retained?
To be used as server cache, facial data is only retained on the server for 24 hours. Followed by a replicate privacy link,
https://replicate.com/privacy
How We Use Your Personal Data?
To Provide Products, Services, or Information Requested including to manage user information and accounts; respond to questions, comments, and other requests; provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services; answer requests for customer or technical support; and allow you to register for events.
For Administrative Purposes including to measure interest and engagement on our Services; conduct research and development; improve or develop new products and Services; ensure internal quality control; verify an individual’s identity; communicate with you about your account, activities on our Services and policy changes; process your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased; process applications and transactions; prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; and enforce our terms.
To Market Our Products and Services including to provide you with materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law. Such uses include to tailor content, advertisements, and offers; to notify you about offers, products, and services that may be of interest to you; to provide Services to you and our sponsors; and other purposes you consent to or are disclosed when you provide Personal Data.
To Communicate with You including to collect Personal Data from you such as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
To better understand how users access and use our Applications and Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our Applications and Services, analyze player traffic and activity, respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
Where permitted by law, and in accordance with all applicable terms and conditions, for marketing and promotional purposes. For example, we may use your information, such as your email address, to email you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you. We may also use the information that we learn about you to determine where to assist us in advertising our Applications and Services.
How We
Share
Your Personal Data?
W do not sell your Personal Data to third parties, nor have we sold Personal Data in the past 12 months.We disclose your Personal Data to the following categories of service providers and other parties:
Payment processors(Such as Apple and Google).
Ad networks(Such as Google Admob, Facebook, Unity, Ironsource, Applovin, Adcolony).
Hosting and other technology and communications providers.
Analytics providers(Such as Appsflyer).
Social media services.
In order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
To protect us or our users to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy, or as support or evidence in any dispute or litigation in which we are involved.
With your consent.
Other parties authorized by you.
Personal Data
Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. For example, the Services use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of Personal Data you provide to us. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your account。
If you believe that an unauthorized access has already occurred please report it immediately to us.
We will store your Personal Data for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
If you want to delete your account data in our game, please enter settings page, logout third party account(Such as Google,
F
acebook), and contact us by email(you must provide your Player
ID
or Facebook ID), we will
help you
delete your account data stored in our game.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), you have certain rights with respect to that information.
Right to Know.
You have a right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected about you. You also have a right to request additional information about our collection, use, disclosure, or sale of such personal information. Note that we have provided much of this information in this privacy statement. You may make such a “request to know” by contacting us with email.
Right to Request Deletion.
You also have a right to request that we delete personal information under certain circumstances, subject to a number of exceptions. To make a request to delete, you may email us.
Right to Opt-Out.
Note that the CCPA defines “sell” and “personal information” very broadly, and some of our data sharing described in this privacy statement may be considered a “sale” under those definitions. In the past 12 months, we have sold cookie IDs, device IDs, and IP addresses. To opt-out from “sales” of personal information, please visit our “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” page. We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
Further, to provide or delete specific pieces of personal information we will need to verify your identity to the degree of certainty required by law. We will verify your request by asking for your name and your email address or the username associated with your account.
Finally, you have a right to receive notice of our practices at or before collection of personal information, and you have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights set out in the CCPA.
Additionally, under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customers”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California Customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by email. Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated email address.
California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services, or applications have a right under California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 to remove, or request and obtain removal of, content or information they have publicly posted. To request that we remove content or information you have publicly posted, email us. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Personal Data of Children
As noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about children under 16 years of age; if you are a child under the age of 16, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child under 16 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 years of age may have provided Personal Data to us, please contact us with email.
Other
Facebook Ads Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google Ads Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Goole Play Refund policies:
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2479637#policy
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time so please be sure to check regularly. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the primary access points to the Services or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at :
WonderCrossword@outlook.com
Amended September 17, 2021.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://replicate.com/privacy:
Explore
Playground
Beta
Pricing
Docs
Blog
Changelog
Sign in
Privacy policy
Last Updated: November 14, 2024
At Replicate, Inc. (“
Replicate
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
”), we are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. We want you to be fully informed about the information we collect, how it is used, shared, and protected, and the choices you have with it and explain the privacy and data practices at Replicate.
This privacy policy (the “
Policy
”) applies to all information collected through our website located at
https://www.Replicate.com
(the “
Website
”) and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to all of these collectively in this Policy as the (collectively, "
Services
").
If there are any terms in this Policy that you do not agree with, you should immediately discontinue use of our Services. If you have any questions or concerns about our disclosed practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at
privacy@replicate.com
.
Table of Contents
When We Collect Personal Information
Types of Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Collected Personal Information
How We May Share Personal Information
Your Rights and How to Exercise Them
Online Tracking Technologies and How to Opt Out
U.S. State-Specific Notice
Security & Retention
Children’s Privacy
Links on our Services
Changes to This Policy
Contact Us
When We Collect Personal Information
We collect personal information when:
You sign up for our Services.
You visit or interact with our Services, including by uploading and creating code, and uploading Training Data (defined below).
You engage with our support team or otherwise communicate with us.
You view or interact with our emails or other communications.
Types of Personal Information We Collect
We collect the following categories of personal information:
Information you provide directly to us:
Information when you register for an account, including if you sign in with GitHub credentials.
Information from your interactions with our support team or inquiries into our Services, which may include providing us with your name, work or personal email, phone number, company name, position title, website, social media links, and time zone.
Our website offers you the ability to purchase our Services, including providing us with your credit card and billing information.
Any training data you upload to our Services to train models (collectively, “Training Data”). Note, Training Data may include any type of information, some of which could be deemed ‘sensitive’ under various privacy laws..
Information we automatically collect during your visit to our Website:
Services form entry content. We do not intentionally collect personal information from users who view content on the website or other Services. However, certain personal information may be provided through our Services which may be collected automatically through our systems.
Website metadata and analytics, including IP address, device information, date/time of visits, new or returning visits, products viewed, page response times, URL clickstreams, how long you stay on our pages, what you do on those pages.
We may use cookies, beacons, pixel tags, and other similar technologies to collect additional information automatically as you interact with the Services, to personalize your experience with our Services, and to measure the performance of our advertising and marketing efforts. Learn more about our cookie uses below.
Information from third parties:
When you interact with our accounts on GitHub or potentially other third party services, we may collect certain information that you or the platform make available to us such as Website metadata analytics (above), your GitHub or other account ID, referral traffic to our Website, or custom website interactions.
We may also engage third parties to provide additional information about business professionals who are interested in our Services, engage with our website, or interact with us on social media.
Our Website and Services are designed for business professionals. We do not intentionally collect any personal information from minors under the age of 16. If you believe we have obtained personal information associated with children, please contact us at
privacy@replicate.com
and we will delete it.
How We Use Collected Personal Information
We use the personal information that you give and we collect for the following purposes:
To provide our Services, including providing open-source code and models for you to build your AI products and generating production-ready APIs to deploy your AI products.
For customer support by responding to your issue reports, questions or feedback.
To improve or troubleshoot any issues with our Services.
To communicate with you, such as sending you email or SMS updates about new features, products, and services.
To comply with our agreements or policies.
For other business and legal purposes, such as to detect and prevent fraud, to collect amounts owing to us, and to maintain business records.
With your consent.
How We May Disclose Personal Information
We may disclose your information with your consent. We may also share your information with our corporate affiliates, as well as vendors or service providers who:
Process credit card or other payments and enable subscription Services.
Help us communicate with you.
Manage and optimize our Website and Services.
To measure website analytics, use of our applications, and to synchronize content with select third party websites or services such as GitHub.
In addition:
We may disclose your personal information in order to:
Protect the legal rights of our company, our employees, our agents, and our affiliates;
Protect the safety and security of our customers or Website visitors;
Detect and protect against fraud;
Comply with law or legal process.
We may disclose your personal information as part of a business transition.
We may also share your personal information with prospective purchasers exclusively to evaluate the proposed transaction; and
We may also share your personal information with another company that buys the assets or stock of Replicate. That company may use and disclose personal information for purposes similar to those described in this Privacy Policy.
In addition, we may disclose de-identified, aggregate, or anonymous information about our Website visitors for any purpose.
Your Rights And How To Exercise Them
Access the personal information we maintain about you.
Delete the personal information we maintain about you, unless such information is necessary for compliance with our legal or regulatory obligations.
Correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.
Opt-Out of certain uses of your personal information. You can opt out of:
Email marketing: you may unsubscribe to our commercial email list by following the instructions provided in the email.
You can exercise these rights by contacting Replicate at
privacy@replicate.com
.
Online Tracking Technologies and How To Opt Out
We use a limited number of pixel tags and cookies to measure the analytics and performance of our website. Your browser lets you remove or reject cookies, including our analytics cookies at any time. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
U.S. State-Specific Notice
Replicate discloses the categories and types of personal information collected and disclosed in the sections above. Replicate does not ‘sell’ or ‘share’ personal information, as defined by any U.S. state privacy law. Replicate is designated as a ‘processor’ or ‘service provider’ when processing customer personal information.
Security & Retention
We have implemented reasonable security measures designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. It is important that you understand, however, that no website, Internet-connected device or online platform is completely secure. We cannot anticipate all potential misuse of your information, and as a result, cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us.
We generally retain customer personal information for as long as necessary to provide our Services. We may also retain personal information if required by law, or for our legitimate interests, such as abuse detection and prevention, and defending ourselves from legal claims. Residual copies of personal data may be stored in backup systems for a limited period as a security measure to protect against data loss.
For more information, please email us at
privacy@replicate.com
.
Children’s Privacy
We do not intentionally collect any personal information from children under the age of 16. If you believe we have obtained personal information associated with children under the age of 16, please contact us at
privacy@replicate.com
Links On Our Services
Our Services may contain links to other websites or services. We do not control what information you provide, or is collected by these third-party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
Changes To This Policy
We may revise this Policy from time to time. Review it occasionally so that you keep up-to-date on our most current practices. We will put the effective date of the latest version at the top of each Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy or security practices, or if you would like to request access to or correction of your personal information, you can contact Replicate by mail, telephone, or e-mail:
Replicate, Inc.
2261 Market Street #4056
San Francisco, CA 94114
privacy@replicate.com
System theme
Light theme
Dark theme
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.