Switch to an alias domain...
Same features, same account, just a different name.
Switch to bookstogetme.com
Switch to thingstogetus.com
Switch to wishdori.com
Home
Create my wish list
Switch to
Switch to an alias domain...
Same features, same account,
just a different name.
bookstogetme.com
thingstogetme.com
thingstogetus.com
wishdori.com
Features
App (iOS and Android)
Chrome Browser Extension
Firefox Browser Add-on
Groups
For Influencers
Money Funds
Inspiration Engine
Printable Templates
Private Shipping
Referral Program
Safari Browser Extension
Secret Santa
Help
FAQ
How It Works - Brief
User Manual - Detail
Private Shipping
Charity Wish List
Coronavirus Isolation
Amazon Alternative
Testimonials
About
About Us
Our "Why"
Support Us
Blog
My Account
Login
Register
Things To Get Me is a trading name of Things To Get Me Ltd.
The term Things To Get Me or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 5 Hovey Close, Sandbach, CW11 4QP, UK. Our company registration number is 11179893, registered in England and Wales. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
This privacy policy sets out how Things To Get Me uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st October 2017.
What we collect
If you choose to sign-up for an account, we will ask for your email address.  This simply enables you to login at a later date.
We do not ask for, nor want, any other personal data.  We don't need it, and that's what keeps our service so simple.
The only other information you may put on this website are your gift-list ideas.  This is not "personal data" since it can not be used to identify you.
What we do with the information we gather
Your email address is used to allow you to login at a later date.
We may send you emails with important information.  You can unsubscribe from our messages at any time using the link included in every email.
Deleting your data
If you wish to close your account, you can do this via the Account section.
If you would like us to delete your account and associated data, please contact us at
privacy@thingstogetme.com
and we'll be happy to assist.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
We use cookies to maintain information about your current visit, ie, what items you've added to your gift list, and whether you're currently logged in or not.
We also use 3rd party cookies to log what pages you visit, and how long you spend on them.  We use this statistical information to improve our website.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. We do not have any control over those other websites.  Those websites are not governed by this privacy statement.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you do not wish to be contacted by us, please email us directly at
privacy@thingstogetme.com
.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us at privacy@www.thingstogetme.com
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Affiliate Links
Some of the links provided to buy items online, or to search on Amazon, are monetised, meaning we may earn a small commission on a subsequent order.  That's what enables us to provide this service for free.
This process has no impact on your purchase and is completely transparent.
It's free
always has been, always will be
Create my wish list
Get in touch
Message
If you have a question about a list or an item, please include a link to the list and tell us which specific item you're referring to.
Your email address
Only if you'd like us to reply.
Cancel
Send message
Search for a list
If you have a code for a list, you can enter it here.
Please note that all lists are strictly private and it's not possible to search for a list by name.
If you've not been given a code or a direct link, please ask the list owner to provide you with that.
Code (e.g. 12345a6b3fe4)
Cancel
Search
We use cookies,
read more
.
OK