Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
2
Loading…
{"id": "1fstK65eYOoGLzM1DASgFhlzkmX1vSnsP", "title": "Magic Video Editor App Terms of Use.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 2
1. Terms
regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not
agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using the App. The materials contained in this App
are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on
of title, and under this license, you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by
license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed
format.
3. Disclaimer
unless you are the copyright holder or you have obtained all necessary rights and licenses to use all
images and other material that make up your creation on or via the App.
implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied
warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of
intellectual property or other violation of rights.
reliability of the use of the materials on its app or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked
to this site.
4. Limitations
for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the App
orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations
on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations
may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
any commitment to update the materials.
6. Modifications
By using Magic Video Editor (the "App"), you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of use, all applicable laws and
Magic Video Editor for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Magic Video Editor ;
Magic Video Editor at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this
Magic Video Editor shall have no liability for conduct in relation to your use of the App. You may not use the App
The materials on Magic Video Editor are provided on an 'as is' basis. Magic Video makes no warranties, expressed or
Further, Magic Video Editor does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or
In no event shall Magic Video or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages
and the materials on Magic Video , even if Magic Video or a Magic Video authorized representative has been notified
The materials appearing on Magic Video could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Magic Video
does not warrant that any of the materials on its app are accurate, complete or current. Magic Video may make
changes to the materials contained on its app at any time without notice. However, Magic Video does not make
Magic Video may revise these terms of use for its website and the App at any time without notice. By using
Magic Video Editor Terms of Use
Page 2 of 2
notice. By using this website and the App you are agreeing to be bound by the then current
version of these terms of use.
Magic Video may revise these terms of use for its website and the App at any time without
Magic Video Editor App Terms of Use.pdf
Magic Video Editor App Terms of Use.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Magic Video Editor App Terms of Use.pdf. Page 1 of 2