Published using Google Docs
Report abuse
Learn more
Untitled document
Updated automatically every 5 minutes
Privacy Policy of Latest Free Game
Welcome to the privacy of Latest Free Games “Your Privacy is the most important thing for us”. This document is designed to tell our user what kind of information our games collect when you interact with our apps. Following are the important topics that are mentioned in this document
What kind of data do we collect?
Where do we use the collected information?
How is your information secured?
Third party tools integration
Featuring ad networks
Disclosure of user’s information
Modification in policies
Agreement with policies
Data collection:
Whenever you download our game and interact with our game we collect information about your interaction with our game. Future more we do collect information which is given below
User names, email address, password that user enters to register account in our game
Your smartphone OS details so we can get details about crashes and bugs.
Usage of data:
We do use your data for providing you with the best of our services with a smooth and entertaining experience.  For example, we may use information for following purposes
Generate game accounts while using your given information so that you can play our games.
Operate and improve quality services for you
To understand what kind of preferences do you require
Respond to our customers about their issues and problems they are facing
Link it or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
Information security:
We do take valid and reasonable measures to protect your information for any unauthorized access, misuse, any loss or and third party usage. We take all necessary steps to store your information in a well secured environment. All the information that we gather from our user is private; only nobody can access it publically. After all this we do not guarantee that your information is 100 percent secure, we cannot guarantee that our measurement can protect the third party hackers.
Third Party Tools integration:
I
n our games we use third party tools to make our games more entertaining and well-structured for our customers. We do use third party tracking tools from our service providers which contains API’s and SDK’s. The third parties may have access to the information like, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address.
AD Networks:
Latest Free Games uses different legal AD networks for generating revenue for itself. In our games we do use some places to show ads as per Google Play Console defined policy. All these are proper content which is suitable for all kinds of users. There is no ad allowed in our games and apps which is 18+, or contains any illegal content or any hate speech.
Disclosure of your information:
Latest Free Games does not share your information with any third party, only and if only
With your permission & consent, for example, when you agree to sharing your information with all other third parties for their own marketing subject to their own privacy policies.
We may engage other companies or third parties to perform services on our behalf. Examples of these services include analyzing data of our users.
We may provide your information to the Law departments as permitted by law
Modification in Policy:
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time, any instance. If we decide to change this Policy, we will let you inform about those changes by posting those changes on this page and update the date at the top of the page. The changes will be effective when posted. Please check this page on a regular basis.
Agreement with Policies:
By accessing any of our apps or games you agree to our privacy and to our terms and conditions. If you feel not agreeing kindly do not access any of the products of Latest Free Games. For any kind of information or question you can contact us on
GamingStudioLGF786@gmail.com