PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY (UK and Ireland)
Introduction
Your privacy is important and you have the right to know how we use your personal information. This policy covers how we collect, use, store and protect your personal information.
If you are in the UK, “ODEON” means Odeon Cinemas Limited and this company is the controller. If you are in the Republic of Ireland, “ODEON” means United Cinemas International (Ireland) Limited and this company is the controller.
This Privacy Policy was last updated in September 2024
We use your personal information to:
Provide you with any services and  products you order from us
Open and run your account
Tailor your online experience to you (if you are logged in)
Tailor your marketing communications
Connect with you on social media or other digital platforms (including our carefully selected movie partners, where we have your consent)
Get your feedback
Carry out business analytics and to develop our products and services
Monitor for fraudulent or suspicious activity.
It is important that the personal information which we hold about you is up to date. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes.
1.1 Making a purchase or joining myLIMITLESS
We use the purchase information which you submit to process your credit or debit card transaction.
We don't hold your full payment card information. We use third-party providers; Windcave , Googlepay, Braintree and Elavon (Ireland only) to process card payments on our behalf.
We may use your information to assist in the collection and recover money owed.
Where you purchase a gift card from another retailer we process the gift card number and the amount placed on the gift card. We do not hold any other details.
If you have a myLIMITLESS subscription with us, a photo of yourself is mandatory as it is linked to your digital myLIMITLESS card.
The processing of your purchase information is necessary for the performance of our contract with you.
1.2 myODEON members
We use the Information you provide to us when you register to:
Manage your myODEON account;
Process payment for your orders;
Provide you with news about your favourite cinema (by email or push notifications where you have opted into marketing);
Provide you with service messages relating to your order;
Assist you with any questions you ask;
Monitor for fraudulent or suspicious activity on your account to keep your account safe.
myODEON members also have the option of adding a photo of themselves to their account. If you have a myLIMITLESS subscription with us, a photo of yourself is mandatory as it is linked to your digital myLIMITLESS card.
1.2.1 How old do I have to be to have a myODEON account?
In the UK and Ireland you have to be 16 or older to open an account with us.
1.3 Service communications
We use your information to manage your order. We may contact you by email or phone with information about your order, such as cancellations or updates to our terms and conditions and other important updates (for example Privacy Policy updates). This is necessary for the performance of the contract.
1.4 Social media comments and feedback
When you contact us on social media, we use your information to respond, and keep a record of this. This may include information about your identity, or any other relevant personal information that is visible from your social media post and/or public profile.
We may also use this information in a statistical and anonymised format to identify trends and improve your cinema experience.
We may contact you directly via social media platforms if we’d like to share your comments or pictures with other guests or publish them on our marketing channels. We will always ask you for your permission to use your post.
1.5 Complaints and incidents
When there is a complaint, incident or query we use your personal information to contact you, record and investigate the incident. We also report on and analyse complaints and incidents to improve the cinema experience and for the administration of any subsequent legal claims.
We may record calls to and from our contact centre for quality assurance and training and monitoring purposes.
We rely on legitimate interests to use your personal information in this way.
If we collect your sensitive personal information, we process this on the basis of legal obligation. This is so that we can comply with our health and safety/reasonable adjustments obligations.
In a medical emergency if personal information needs to be shared to protect your or someone else we process your information on the basis of vital interests.
1.6 Competitions
We use your information to select and inform competition winners. Where you actively enter one of our competitions, we rely on your consent as the lawful basis for processing. For social media interactions, we rely on legitimate interests.
1.7 Market research
We use your information to understand trends and monitor and improve our services. We may contact you by email to ask you to participate in a survey.
Participation in surveys is completely voluntary and you can complete the online survey anonymously.
We rely on legitimate interests to use your personal information in this way. You can opt out of receiving market research emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the survey email.
1.8 CEA Cards
The CEA Card is a national card scheme developed for UK cinemas by the UK Cinema Association (UKCA). This card enables a companion of a disabled cinema guest to receive a complimentary ticket at participating cinemas. More details on the CEA Card scheme are available here:
https://www.ceacard.co.uk/
We process the CEA card number in your booking to provide you with this complimentary ticket. We process this information on the basis of ‘legal obligation’. This is so that we can comply with our reasonable adjustments obligations.
1.9 Sensitive Personal Information
We only process sensitive personal information about you with your explicit consent, or to comply with legal obligations such as making reasonable adjustments for you or for health and safety purposes.
We process limited health, medical or disability information, for the following purposes:
1. Companion ticket bookings with your CEA card number.
2. Wheelchair accessible ticket booking.
3. Food allergy information for our hosted events, including birthday parties.
4. Complaints or queries where you provide health, medical or disability information relevant to your complaint or query.
5. myLIMITLESS membership cancellation on medical grounds.
6. Accident or incident reports.
This section provides details on how we use your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
2.1 Direct marketing communications
For myODEON members we only send you direct marketing where you have provided your consent. For myLIMITLESS members we rely on legitimate interests to send you direct marketing. We keep you informed about our latest film and cinema news, offers and promotions by email, push notifications messages in your members area, social media and other digital platforms.
You can opt out of direct marketing via the preference centre on the ODEON website at any time.
To help improve our service we use industry standard technologies such as pixels to track and understand how you are interacting with us. You can prevent the use of these technologies by disabling image auto loading in your emails at any time using your email provider’s settings.
2.2 Social media and digital advertising
We would like to keep you informed about our latest offers and promotions using your email address to send you information about our product offers and promotions via social media and other digital platforms.
We may share your email address in an encrypted form with social media and other digital platforms, such as Meta (Facebook, Instagram), Twitter, Snapchat and Google Ads.
Examples of this would include Meta’s (Facebook, Instagram) Custom Audiences feature and Twitter’s Tailored Audience Program. If you don’t want us to include you, you can either:
Change your social media settings on that platform, or opt out of direct marketing communications (see ‘Updating your preferences’).
Please remember that ODEON social media is provided via social media sites which have their own functionality, terms, cookies, and privacy policies. ODEON social media may make use of those functions, but we do not control them and are not responsible for them.
2.3 Profiling
We want to ensure we provide you with relevant and personalised content and to improve your cinema experience. To do this we will use your purchase history, watchlist, cinema preferences, location and interactions with our website and mobile app. We rely on legitimate interests to use your personal information in this way.
2.4 Updating your preferences
You can change your marketing preferences at any time by:
Clicking on the unsubscribe button in the email sent to you;
Opting out of push notifications via the settings on your device;
Going to your myODEON account and changing your preferences.
You have the right to do the following in relation to your personal information:
Access the personal information we hold about you
Request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you
Request that we delete your personal information, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
Restrict the way that we process your personal information
Transfer your personal information to another organisation (data portability)
Object to us processing personal information based on our legitimate interests, including profiling; or
Object to us processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Please see the ‘What if I have a query or a complaint?’ section below for information on how to exercise your rights.
With your consent we will share your encrypted email address with carefully selected third-party film partners listed below. This enables them to send relevant targeted marketing to you via social media and other digital platforms Meta (Facebook, Instagram), Twitter, Snapchat and Google Ads.
You can change your preferences by going to your member account area on the website and updating your third-party preference toggle.
Our supplier Movio provides the Madex platform which enables third party film partners to send targeted marketing to you. Movio’s Madex privacy notice (as our Processor) is available at https://movio.co/madex-service-privacy.
4.1 Which selected third party film partners may retarget me via social media platforms?
We may share your encrypted email address to enable the following third-party film partners to send you targeted marketing for film and cinema offers and rewards via social media:
Walt Disney Company Limited
Sony Pictures Entertainment (Columbia Pictures Corporation Limited)
Warner Brothers Entertainment UK Limited
Universal Pictures International Limited
Paramount Pictures International Limited
Lionsgate International (UK) Limited
StudioCanal Limited
Entertainment Film Distributors Limited
We won’t share your data with other third parties.
4.2 What other information do you share with third parties?
We may share statistical information about you with third parties such as advertisers, business partners and sponsors, to help us and them analyse, develop, manage and market our goods and services. This information will be shared in a way that ensures that your identity is not revealed to them.
We use security measures to protect your personal information. These measures include physical and administrative and technical safeguards such as encryption, security certificates and access controls to help protect your personal information.
We look at ways to identify and mitigate potential privacy and security risks, and then monitor and test our security systems to help protect your personal information.
Our employees and contractors are provided with access to your personal information on a 'need to know’ basis. Our suppliers (data processors) who provide services on our behalf may also have access to your personal information where this is necessary for them to deliver the service.
Whenever we collect or process your personal information, we’ll only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected (including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements).
Full purchase information (including your contact information) is normally held for six years after the purchase date for tax and legal purposes. We do need to keep some anonymous information for longer than this, such as purchase statistics, so we can analyse it to identify trends and changes in activity.
At the end of the retention period, your personal information is either deleted or anonymised. Where the data is anonymised, it is used for statistical analysis, business planning and product and services development.
Other examples of personal information retention periods include:
Call recordings to and from our guest service centre are held for a period of 12 months.
Should you have a query in relation to our policies in this area please contact the DPO via the details in the ‘What if I have a query or complaint’ section below.
We may transfer personal information outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA") so that it can be processed by staff operating outside the EEA or one of our suppliers, for the purpose of fulfilment of your order, provision of support services or data analysis.
Because the law in some countries does not provide the same level of protection as the UK and Republic of Ireland, we put in place data transfer agreements (which are considered appropriate safeguards) with each company that processes personal information outside of the EEA. These agreements require that, wherever your personal information is held, it is protected to the same high standard as required by law in the UK or Republic of Ireland.
8.1 Sponsored screenings
We work with organisations where we provide special events and screenings for their customers and members (“sponsored screenings”) When you book tickets and attend one of these sponsored screenings we share your name, contact details and ticket information with the organisation so that it can:
see who has attended the sponsored screening; and
obtain feedback from people who attended the sponsored screening.
We rely on legitimate interests to share your personal information in this way.
The sponsoring organisation is also a controller of your Personal Information. How they use your personal information will be governed by their own terms and privacy policies.
8.2 CCTV
We capture direct camera footage and images of you when you enter the field of vision of CCTV cameras on our premises.
We use CCTV to:
Ensure the safety of our colleagues, customers and visitors and for the prevention and detection of crime
Investigate accidents, addressing incidents (including health and safety, civil or criminal unlawful acts).
For CCTV we rely on the legal basis of our ‘legitimate interest’ to protect our colleagues, customers and visitors from harm, and protect our property, assets and reputation from accidental or malicious loss, damage or destruction.
8.2.1 Who do we share your CCTV footage with?
Footage from CCTV may be used by:
Us;
By our representatives or those of our third parties; the police; or health and safety investigators; in detecting, investigating and addressing any incidents.
8.2.2 How long is CCTV footage kept for?
CCTV footage is normally held for 30 days.
In some cases, copies of footage may be kept for longer, for example to support investigation of a suspected crime or accident and any related legal or regulatory action. These copies are securely destroyed when they are no longer needed.
8.3 Cookies
We use information collected using cookies and web beacons to help us analyse, develop, manage, provide and market our goods, services and our communications to you. Third parties and our partners also use cookies and web beacons for similar purposes for their benefit. Our Cookies Policy contains more information on how you can control the cookie settings on your device.
8.4 ODEON wifi
When you use ODEON Wi-Fi, we collect information about:
Your device and its location;
The volume of data that you use;
The websites and applications that you access; and
Your usage by access time, frequency and location.
This information is not used for any profiling, marketing or other purposes
If you do not want the ODEON Wi-Fi to use your location data, please change your settings on your device.
8.5 Chatbot on our guest services webpages
When you use our chat service on our guest services webpages (available via Contact us), we may process your personal information to manage the chat and chatbot features. In addition, we record our conversations to verify events and safeguard the rights of the parties involved.
This section explains how we collect and use personal information when you are interacting with us as a corporate customer. It also provides information on how we handle your personal information if you enquire about, book or attend a corporate event, or if you enquire about or purchase bulk vouchers and other corporate gift products.
9.1 Corporate customers and potential customers
We process the contact information of corporate customers and potential customers to do the following:
Provide you with any services and products you order from us
Tailor your marketing communications (where you have subscribed to our newsletter for corporate customers)
Get your feedback and deal with complaints or enquiries
Carry out business analytics and to develop our products and services
We will send you marketing communications:
where you have consented to this or,
where we are allowed to for our legitimate interests to provide details about our goods, services and events to you.
When processing your personal information for all other purposes we rely on legitimate interests.
9.1.1 Who do we share your personal information with?
We share your information internally within the ODEON Cinemas Group when reasonably required.
We do not share your contact details with third party companies for direct marketing purposes.
We may share your personal information with our suppliers (data processors) if it is necessary to deliver a service to you. Where we share personal information with a supplier, we do so under a contract which obliges them to handle your personal information securely and only for our purposes.
Further relevant information for corporate customers [and potential customers] can be found in the following sections:
3.0 What are my personal information rights?
6.0 How long do you keep my Personal Information
7.0 Do you transfer my personal information overseas?
8.3 Cookies
9.2 Delegates of corporate customers
We may process personal information (names, allergens and access requirements) of delegates who attend corporate events at our premises as part of an event hire arrangement with one of our corporate customers.
The corporate customer who has hired the cinema for the event is the controller and we are their processor. Any use of your personal information will be on the instruction of the controller and any privacy notice they have provided to you.
9.3 Corporate gift cards
We get your contact details through direct contact or information obtained by our third-party lead generators, in order to provide you with information about our corporate gift cards and vouchers.
Companies can buy corporate gift cards from our sales agent OPIA.
In these circumstances we use your personal information for the following purposes:
• contact you about your interest in gift cards.
• take orders and deal with fulfilment of gift cards.
• monitor your procurement volumes of gift cards with us.
• have account review meetings with you.
We rely on legitimate interests to use your personal information for these purposes.
We keep this personal information for 6 calendar years from the date of our last purchase.
9.3.1 Bulk Tickets
We provide bulk tickets to organisations for employee benefit schemes.
Companies can buy bulk tickets from our sales agent OPIA.
Sales reports from OPIA do not include personal data, except where the business name and address constitute personal information in the context of partnerships or sole traders. We have a legitimate interest to process this information for our sales insight’s information.
We process the following personal information:
The name, job title, organisation and contact details of the delegates who will be attending meetings at one of our locations. Where the building is managed by a third party, we may need to provide them with the same personal information prior to your attendance. We may also collect any access requirements you have, as well as allergen information (if refreshments are being provided).
We process this information as the controller for our legitimate interest in delivering the event to you or in the case of suppliers, to receive the service from you.
10.1 Who do we share your personal information with?
We share your information internally with teams that your arrangements or communications relate to.
We will not share personal information with any third parties outside the ODEON Cinemas Group for the purposes of direct marketing. We use data processors who are third parties who provide elements of services for us. We have contracts in place with our data processors.
Further relevant information for attendees can be found in the following sections:
3.0 What are my personal information rights?
6.0 How long do you keep my Personal Information
7.0 Do you transfer my personal information overseas?
8.3 Cookies
In some cases, ODEON sells tickets and other items on behalf of its other group companies.
If ODEON or any part of ODEON's business undergoes a restructure, sale, merger or transfer, we may transfer customer information (including your personal information) to other ODEON group companies or the third-party company, as the case may be.
If you have any queries concerning your personal information or this Privacy Policy, you can contact our Guest Service Centre by using the contact details shown on the Website "Contact Us" page or our Data Protection Officer using the details below:
UK email:
dpo@odeon.co.uk
Ireland email:
dpo@odeoncinemas.ie
UK Contact address: Data Protection Officer, ODEON, 3rd Floor, 8 First Street, Manchester, M15 4RP
Ireland Contact address: Data Protection Officer, ODEON, Blanchardstown Shopping Centre, Blanchardstown, Dublin 15, Republic of Ireland.
Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose information to you.
If you are in the UK you can make a complaint at any time, to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
).
If you are in Ireland you can make a complaint at any time, to the Data Protection Commission (DPC),
https://www.dataprotection.ie/
We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the regulator, so we would be grateful if you would please contact us in the first instance.
© ODEON 2006-2024 . All rights reserved. Version 4.19 dated September 2024.
You need to use JavaScript to access this web page. If you want to activate it, please check your browser settings and reload the page.
We use cookies to improve your website experience, and to help us and our partners to show you more relevant films. Are you ok with this?
No thanks
Yes that's fine
See cookie options
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Off
These cookies & technologies enable improved functionality and personalization. This means that our services may not function properly if they are disabled.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Off
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Off
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not. allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. We allow specific film distributors (including The Walt Disney Company Limited & Warner Bros. Entertainment UK Limited) to place tracking technologies on our sites to analyse the effectiveness of film title advertising campaigns.  These third parties also use the data collected through tracking technologies for targeted advertising; personalising content; informing marketing campaigns to prevent click frauds and permit click fund attribution. In some cases, we also allow these film distributors to collaborate with us on the delivery of targeted advertising to our users on social media platforms (without sharing your data with them). 
Walt Disney Company Limited: https://privacy.thewaltdisneycompany.com/en/ 
Warner Bros. Entertainment: 
https://policies.warnerbros.com/privacy/
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel