Privacy Policy
Effective Date: October 2, 2019
Please read carefully the following Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) of Goodpods LLC (“Goodpods,” “we,” “our” or “us”), the operator of Goodpods™, an online place for you to discover, track and communicate about podcasts with friends and our community (the “Service”).  We are committed to respecting the privacy rights of visitors and users of any of our Service, which is accessible on mobile devices using our app (the “App”) or on our website at
www.goodpods.com
(the “Site”).  We created this Privacy Policy to give you confidence as you visit and use any our Service, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to our Service, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from our Service, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time.  When changes are made, we will make the revised version available on the Site, indicating at the top of this page the date that revisions were last made.  YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AFTER SUCH POSTING WILL CONSTITUTE ACCEPTANCE BY YOU OF SUCH CHANGES.
1.              Information Collection Practices.
a.              Types of Information Collected.
i.               Non-Personal Information.
A.                  Traffic Data. We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit the Service: (1) IP addresses; (2) domain servers; (3) types of computers or devices accessing the Service; and (4) types of web browsers or applications used to access the Service (collectively “Traffic Data”). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Service.
B.                  Analytics Data.  We use analytics tools and other third party technologies, such as Google Analytics and Mixpanel, to collect non-personal information in the form of various usage and user metrics when you use our Service. These tools and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, MAC Address, mobile unique device ID, and other similar information (collectively, “Analytics Data”).
ii.              Personal Information.  Although you may freely visit the Site, in order to use the App, you will need to register with Goodpods and create a "Member" account, which requires you to provide us with information about yourself (“Personal Information”).  Personal Information includes the following categories of information: (1) “Contact Data” (such as your name, telephone number and e-mail address);  If you communicate with us by e-mail, or otherwise complete online forms, surveys, or contest entries, any information provided in such communication may be collected.
​
b.              Uses of Information Collected.
i.               Our Use of Non-Personal information.  We use Traffic Data for improving your experience on the Service.
ii.              Our Use of Personal Information.  Your full name will appear on the App and will be visible to the public.  We use Contact Data to send you information about us and the Service, or to contact you when necessary in order to provide the Service.  We may use your Demographic Data to customize and tailor your experience on the Service, displaying content that we think you might be interested in and according to your preferences but never sales related or marketing related material from 3rd parties.
iii.            Sharing of Personal Information.  We do not share Demographic Data or personal information with advertisers or other third parties.  We also share (and/or provide access to) Contact Data with our business partners who assist us in performing services (including, without limitation, as hosting, fulfillment, or data storage and security) related to our operation of the Service.  Those business partners have all agreed to uphold the same standards of security and confidentiality that we have promised to you in this Privacy Policy, and they will only use your Contact Data and other Personal Information to carry out their specific business obligations to Goodpods.  If you do not want us to share your Contact Data with any third parties, please email us at
hello@goodpods.com
, but please understand that such a request will likely limit your ability to take advantage of all of the features and services we offer on the Service.  In addition, we maintain a procedure for you to review and request changes to your Personal Information; this procedure is described in Section 3 below.
iv.             Sale of Business.  In order to accommodate changes in our business, we may sell portions of our company, including the information collected through this Service.  If Goodpods or substantially all of its assets are sold, customer information will be one of the assets transferred to the buyer.
c.              User Choice Regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of Personal Information.  You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information.  In such an event, you can still access the  Site; however, you will not be able to use the App without providing us with your Personal Information.  If you do not wish to receive information and promotional material from us or from some of our partners, you may select the appropriate "opt-out" option each time we ask you for Personal Information.
d.              Children’s Privacy. Goodpods does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under thirteen (13), please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age thirteen (13) is allowed to provide any personal information to or onGoodpods. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age thirteen (13) without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under thirteen (13), please contact us[GN4] .
​
e.
How we share information
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services and can also be visible to others on or off our Services (eg: Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search engines), subject to your settings which you can access via your Profile.
Members who have created "Podcaster" profiles do not have the option of making your profile private in settings. If you would like to keep your profile private, users must create a  "Listener" profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share or listen to a podcast or a post publicly it can be viewed by everyone (subject to your  settings). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content.
In a group, posts are visible to others in the group. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile.
When you follow a person or join a group, you are visible to others as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your settings where applicable.
ow when you act on their message, subject to your settings where applicable.
2.              Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) enforce our Terms of Service.  Your Personal Information is stored and encrypted on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties.  We provide you with the capability to transmit your Personal Information to the Service via secured and encrypted channels from your device.  The Service has security measures in place, including but not limited to the use of a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we obtain from you[GN5] , but we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss, misuse, to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration.
3.              User Ability to Access, Update, and Correct Personal Information.  We maintain a procedure in order to help you confirm that your Personal Information remains correct and up-to-date.  At any time, you may visit your personal [Profile[GN6] ] in order to: (a) review and update your Personal Information that we have already collected; (b) choose whether you wish us to send you information about our company. You may also correct this information by contacting us at
hello@goodpods.com
4.              Lost or Stolen Information.  You must promptly notify us if your user name or password is lost, stolen, or used without permission.  In such an event, we will remove that user name or password from your account and update our records accordingly.
5.              Public Forums.  The Service may include interactive forums such as message boards, comment feeds, and the Goodpods feed. Please remember that if your account is not marked “private,” any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
6.              Third Party Websites.  The Service may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit those websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those websites, and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies.
7.              Your California Privacy Rights.  Under California's "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once each calendar year, information about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses.  If applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared personal information for the immediately preceding calendar year. To obtain this information, please send an e-mail message to
privacy@goodpods.com
with "Request for California Privacy Information" in the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide in response the requested information to you at your e-mail address.  Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only required information will be included in our response.
8.              Consent to Processing and Transfer of Information from Outside of United States. The Service is hosted in the United States.  If you utilize our Service from the European Union or Switzerland, or any other region with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note you are voluntarily transferring your personal data outside of those jurisdictions to the United States.  The United States does not have the same data protection laws as the European Union, Switzerland or other regions.  By providing Personal Information under this Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to the use of your Personal Information in accordance with this policy and expressly consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States.
9.              Contact Information.  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, our practices related to the Service, or if you would like to have us remove your Personal Information from our database please feel to contact us at:
Goodpods LLC
Attention: Privacy Policy
PO Box 492176
Los Angeles, CA 90049
Email:
hello@goodpods.com
[GN10]
* Goodpods™ and its corresponding logo, are trademarks of Goodpods LLC