LES MILLS MEDIA LTD
LES MILLS+ Privacy Policy in English
Politique de confidentialité de LES MILLS+ en Français (uniquement la France)
Datenschutzrichtlinie von LES MILLS+ (nur deutschland)
Política de privacidad de LES MILLS+ en español
LES MILLS+ Integritetspolicy
سياسة خصوصية خدمة +LES MILLS
LES MILLS+ PRIVACY POLICY
LAST UPDATED: 11 March 2024
Les Mills Media Limited (“LMM”, “us”, “our” or “we”), a company incorporated in New Zealand with its address at 200 Victoria Street West, Auckland 1010, New Zealand, operates the lesmillsondemand.com website (including all content and functionality available through the lesmillsondemand.com domain name and any country or region-specific domains or sub domains) and the LES MILLS+ App (jointly referred to as the “site”).
LMM is committed to ensuring the privacy and protection of information users provide to us. The following privacy policy governs LMM’s practices for information collection, use, processing, disclosure, transfer and retention on the site. This policy should be read with any other policy or terms developed by LMM from time to time and notified on the site or any part of the site (including the LES MILLS+ Terms of Use if you are a subscriber).
This policy may change from time to time and, if it does, the latest version will be available on our site or our app (and, where appropriate, brought to your attention).
Key points:
Les Mills Media Limited is the data controller of personal information processed through your use of our site.
The type of the personal information processed by us includes information that you provide when using our site or services, technical      information about your device, settings and site use, information that we receive from third parties, such as other website providers, ad networks, social media companies and health and fitness clubs and, where applicable, information relating to your role as instructor.
We use your data, amongst other things, to provide you with our site and services or information about them, tailor our services to you, analyse our services, provide (or allow others to provide) targeted ads, comply with any legal or regulatory obligation and (if you are an instructor) assess your performance and provide information relating to your role.
You agree that, to the extent permitted under applicable law, we may send you marketing materials relating to our services which you can opt out of at any time by sending an email to privacy@lesmills.com or clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of any marketing email.
We share data with our service providers and other third parties for the performance of our contractual obligations to you, to provide you with information, for the serving of advertising and (where relevant) run credit and background checks.
Depending on where you are located, you have a number of rights that you may exercise in relation to our use of your personal data, and      you may exercise these by emailing your request to
privacy@lesmills.com
.
You can find information about us and how we collect, use and store your personal data in each section of this policy.
Terms used in privacy policy
Information we collect from you
How your information will be used
Disclosure of your information
Where we store your information and international transfers
Data retention
Security of your information
Linked sites
Public forums
Children
Lost or stolen information
Opt-out option
Your rights
Notice to California Residents
Contact Us
Changes to our privacy policy
Language
1. TERMS USED IN PRIVACY POLICY
In this policy:
"you" means you, the person using our services, or visiting the site.
"Group Companies" means Les Mills International Limited and all subsidiaries and affiliate companies; from time to time owned by Les Mills International Limited (other than us) providing fitness-related goods and services.  If you require a full list of entities comprising the Group Companies, please contact us as described in the “Contact” section below.
“Les Mills Group” means us and the Group Companies.
“Services” means the LES MILLS+ subscription service.  The Services may be provided to you on our desktop site, or via our app.
Back to top
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We will collect and process the following information about you:
Information you give us
This is information about you that you give us when you browse or use the site, correspond with us by phone, SMS, email, social media or otherwise. It includes information you provide when:
you register to use our site;
subscribe to our Services;
place an order on our site;
participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site;
enter a competition; and
you contact us or report a problem with our site.
The information you give us includes your name, address, country, date of birth, e-mail address and phone number, credit card information (which is captured for payment but not stored) if you subscribe to our Services or place an order on our site, personal description and photographs, videos, images or comments, your fitness interests and preferences such as your marketing preferences.
This information is required to provide the Services to you. If you do not provide such information, it may delay or prevent us from providing the Services.
Information we collect about you
With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the IP address used to connect your computer or device to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, location data, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full URL, clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), pages or products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page; and
information about how you use the Services, including but not limited to your video consumption and playback, sign-in and sign-out and playback error.
Our site may also contain social media features, such as the Facebook Like button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are also governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, please refer to our Cookie Policy
here
and Cookie Declaration
here
.
Information we receive from other sources
Other Les Mills websites:
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites operated by Les Mills Companies or the other services the Les Mills Group provide.
Third parties:
We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, authorised distributors, health and/or fitness clubs and facilities or any other organization that Les Mills has licensed to conduct Les Mills programs (“Licensed Clubs”), sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, advertisers, search information providers, credit reference agencies, third parties that enable sign on functionality and social network integration) and may receive information about you from them.
Social Media:
If you connect with us via certain social media platforms, or you choose to use features on this site or the websites of other Les Mills Group Companies that connect to your online profiles or social media accounts (“Social Media Accounts”), we may collect any information that you permit through your settings on those Social Media Accounts. For example, if you log in to our site using your Facebook account and you have allowed Facebook to share your profile information with us, we may collect that information. Information we receive from your Social Media Accounts includes email address, first and last name, location (hometown and country), gender, date of birth, likes, interests, number of connections, occupation, posts or other social activity. The information that your social media platform may provide to us via your Social Media Account may change from time to time. Please review your Social Media Account privacy settings to control what information is shared with us.
Back to top
3. HOW YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE USED
We use information held about you in the following ways:
A.    To the extent permitted under applicable law, we process data for the following purposes based on our legitimate interests:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, security, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to provide you with the latest information and offers relating to health and fitness if you live outside the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the United Kingdom or Brazil, unless you opt out (see Marketing Opt-Out);
to tailor your experience on the site;
to provide (or permit third parties to provide) targeted advertising via websites you visit about goods or services that you may find interesting (see more on this below in the section on "Disclosure of your Information" and in our Cookie Policy
here
and Cookie Declaration
here
) and to measure or understand the effectiveness of that advertising.  Similarly we may also use your information to exclude you from some targeted advertising groups e.g. if we already know you subscribe to Les Mills we may not include you in some advertisements encouraging new joiners; or
to track the progress and number of entries in competitions and promotions.
B.    To the extent permitted under applicable law, we will process data where it is necessary to fulfil our contract with you:
We collect, store and use your personal information including your name, e-mail address, login details and payment information and information about how you use and access the Services because it is necessary in order to provide the Services requested by you pursuant to the contract made between you and us when you agreed to our Terms of Use. This includes:
making the Services available to you;
providing any Services that you request and respond to your enquiries;
administering the Services and processing your payment where you are purchasing Services from us (including but not limited to using third party service providers to process such payment);
notifying you about changes to our services; and
service and account administration requirements such as where we need to contact you for reasons related to the Services (for example, where we need to send you a password reminder, to notify you about Services updates or amendments to our Terms of Use, or this Privacy Policy).
C.    We will process data for the following purposes based on your consent:
to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.  This includes any ‘contact us’ forms or public forum features we provide on our site such as community forums, comments positing or chat features;
to provide you with the latest information and offers relating to health and fitness if you live in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the United Kingdom or Brazil, ; and
D.    We will process data where necessary to comply with all legal requirements.
For example:
o    if you have a paid subscription to use the Services and live in the EEA, we are legally required to allow you, and you are legally entitled, to watch the Services when you're visiting another country in the EEA.
o    if we receive a request for information from a regulator, we may also need to process your personal information to respond to that request.
Back to top
4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Service Providers
For some of the purposes for which we use personal data (see above), we will engage a third party. If such third party needs access to personal data to carry out its task, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, we will share the data with them, we will ensure that the third party will only use the data based on our instructions. Those third parties are data processors acting on our behalf and we remain responsible for your data.
We will engage organisations that provide services to us (including Les Mills Companies) such as vendors, service providers, and other partners who globally support our business.  These third parties provide services such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, facilitating payments, or conducting academic research and surveys. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Analytics and advertisers
We will, when we have the right to do so according to applicable personal data regulations, share your personal information with:
Analytics and search engine providers such as AWS and Google Analytics that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.  We want our site and advertising to be as relevant and interesting to you as it can be.
advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant advertising to you and others, including to a targeted audience. These third-party advertising companies collect, store and use data by integrating cookies and other tracking software on our Services. In some cases these third parties will also use the data that they collect for their own purposes, for example, they may aggregate your data with other data they hold and use this to inform advertising related services provided to other clients and work with other advertising companies and share collected information with such companies as part of the process. One of our third-party advertising partners is Rakuten Advertising, who may collect personal information from you when you interact with our site, their collection and use of this information is subject to the privacy policy located at
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/
. Please see our Cookie Policy
here
and Cookie Declaration
here
for more information on the third-party advertising companies which collect, use, process and store data about you, and the use of cookies and other tracking technologies on our Services;
social media or other similar platforms so that we can serve relevant content to you via that platform, or exclude you from receiving content that is inapplicable to you. For example, we may share your email address with Facebook so that we can include you within (or exclude you from) a custom audience that we (or a third party on our behalf) will serve content to on Facebook, or we may create an audience of other Facebook users based on the information in your Facebook profile.
Other third parties
We will also, when we have the right to do so according to applicable personal data regulations, share your personal information with:
Les Mills Companies;
the following selected third parties:
o    business partners, authorised distributors, Les Mills licensed clubs who provide us with services which allow us to perform the contract we enter into with you and/ or to provide you with information about promotions and offers, or for any of the other purposes described the “How your information will be used” section above;
o    credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
Disclosure under certain circumstances
We will, when we have the right to do so according to applicable personal data regulations, also disclose your personal information to third parties in the following circumstances:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets subject to appropriate confidentiality arrangements;
If LMM or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets;
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation,
In order to enforce or apply our website terms of use (
www.lesmills.com/terms-of-usewebsite-terms
) including the LES MILLS+ App Terms of Use (showing in the App store when you download it) or
purchase
terms and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of any Les Mills Company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;
Where you have otherwise consented that we may do so.
Back to top
5. WHERE WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION AND INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Individuals (especially within the EEA or UK) should be aware that we and other third-party recipients of their personal information, such as the Les Mills Companies or our service providers will not be located within your jurisdiction or within the EEA or UK and we may transfer your data to those locations.
For instance, personal data may be transferred to the Les Mils Group Companies in New Zealand in connection with the purposes stated above. Our video platform provider (Vimeo) and ecommerce platform (Magento) are based in the United States, therefore your personal data may be transferred to the United States. Where we transfer your data to a third party in another country, steps will be taken to protect your personal information in a way that is consistent with applicable privacy laws including (as applicable) EU Regulation 2016/679 (the "
GDPR
"), the GDPR as retained in law in the UK and the UK Data Protection Act 2018. These steps might include:
ensuring that there is an adequacy decision by the European Commission in the case of transfers out of the EEA, or by the UK Government in the case of transfers out of the UK, which means that the recipient country is deemed to provide adequate protection for such personal data;
putting in place standard model contractual arrangements with the recipient which have been approved by the European Commission (or the UK government for transfers out of the UK). These model contractual clauses include certain safeguards to protect the personal data; and
taking all reasonable precautions to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Back to top
6. DATA RETENTION
We retain the personal information we collect only if we need it to support justifiable business requirements or when our lawful purposes for using the information requires retention. When we no longer require personal information we or our third party suppliers will securely delete and/or archive the information. For more information on where and how long your personal information is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure and portability, see below under "Your Rights".
Back to top
7.SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
To help protect the privacy of data and personally identifiable information you transmit through use of our site and portals, we maintain physical, technical and administrative safeguards. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers or on the secure servers or secure services controlled by third parties on our behalf (see ‘Disclosure of Information’ above). Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. We restrict access to your personal data to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services to you. In addition, we train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. We commit to taking appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce our employees' privacy responsibilities.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Further details on the steps we take to protect your personal information, in these cases is available from us on request by contacting us by email at
privacy@lesmills.com
at any time.
Back to top
8. LINKED SITES
The site may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the reliability of the content or privacy practices of such other websites.
Back to top
9. PUBLIC FORUMS
We may provide you with chat features, instant messaging, message boards, community forums and/or news groups through the site or otherwise. Please remember that any information that you disclose in public areas of the site will become public information, and be accessible to the public. We do not intend (but reserve the right) to monitor, moderate or screen the contents of user postings. We bear no responsibility for any such content and you should be cautious when considering whether to disclose your personal information in the on the site through public or private forums.
Back to top
10. CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 (or the relevant age for giving valid consent in your jurisdiction, if different) and the site and app are not targeted to under the age of 13 (or the relevant age for giving valid consent in your jurisdiction, if different).  We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests.
Please contact us at
privacy@lesmills.com
if you are aware that we may have inadvertently collected personal information from a child.
Back to top
11. LOST OR STOLEN INFORMATION
You must not share your user same or password with anybody and you should keep these secure. Please notify us promptly email
support@lesmillsplus.com
if your user name or password is lost, stolen or used without permission. Upon notice, we will cancel that user name or password and update our records accordingly. We recommend that different passwords are used for all of your online accounts.
Back to top
12. MARKETING OPT OUT OPTION
Where you don’t live in the UK or EEA, you have the right to decline our use of your personal information for (or opt-out of) marketing communications. If you do so, your name will be marked in our records so you will be excluded from any contact of that type in the future unless you later request or agree to future contact.
If you do live in the UK, Brazil or EEA, you must opt in (or consent) to marketing communications from us, and you can withdraw that consent in the same way as opting out below, as well as via the method set out under ‘withdrawing consent’ below.
You can “opt-out” by:
using the contact details provided for this purpose in our mailing to you;
using the “unsubscribe” option at the foot of any electronic communication we send to you; or
by emailing us at any time at
privacy@lesmills.com
.
Back to top
13. YOUR RIGHTS
Depending on your country of residence, you may have specific rights over your personal data.
Right of access
You may have the right to request access to certain personal data that we hold about you including any information we have shared to our Group Companies for direct marketing purposes, subject to certain conditions and limited exceptions set out in relevant data privacy laws.
If you wish to do so, please email your request to
privacy@lesmills.com
, and to the extent that we are required to do so under applicable law, we will process your request.
We will be as open as we can with you in relation to your request, but sometimes, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, we might not hold any personal information about you or may have to withhold personal information from you. These circumstances may include where the information is not personal information about you, is commercially sensitive, is legally privileged, relates to the personal information of another person, or may impact on the safety or security of our employees or customers to release it. In these circumstances, we will withhold the information but we'll tell you why.
Right of correction
You can request that we correct (rectify) the record of your personal data maintained by us if it is inaccurate or out of date.
Withdrawing Consent
If we rely on your consent for us to use your personal information in a particular way, but you later change your mind, you may withdraw your consent by contacting us at
privacy@lesmills.com
and we will stop doing so. However, if you withdraw your consent, this may impact the ability for us to be able to provide you with our services (for example, we may not be able to provide marketing information to you).
Other rights
Residents of the EEA, Switzerland, the UK and Brazil may also have special additional rights under data protection legislation in the EEA/European Union, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Brazil respectively, including the right to:
request information about the existence and purpose of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; who else outside the Les Mills Companies might have received the data from us; what the source of the information was (if you didn’t provide it directly to us); and how long it will be stored;
obtain information about the possibility of denying processing which relies on your consent (and the consequences of doing that) as well as delete personal information that you had previously consented to us using (assuming we only need it for those purposes);
request that we erase that data or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions;
request that we anonymise, block or delete unnecessary or excessive personal information, including personal information processed in non-compliance with the law.  Of course we intend to never over-collect personal information and to comply with the law;
review decisions we may have made based on automatic data processing;
ask us not to process your personal information for the legitimate interests that we have set out above. In certain circumstances we may not be able to stop using your personal information but, if that is the case, we'll let you know and tell you why;
receive the personal information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to transmit that data to another data controller; and
lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal data.  The local authority differs depending on the country.  Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through the courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
If you wish to exercise your right of erasure click
here
. If you wish to exercise any of your other rights, please send your request to
privacy@lesmills.com
.
Back to top
14. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section only applies to individuals who are residents of California under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws (together “California Laws”).
Below is a summary of the personal information, as that term is defined in the CCPA, that LES MILLS+ may have collected in the preceding twelve months, the reason we collect your personal information, where we obtain the personal information we collect about you, and the third parties that we share your personal information categorized as defined and outlined in California Law.
Category of Information:
Identifiers
(such as Account Name, Device ID, Email Address, IP Address, etc
.)
Sources of Information:
We collect Identifiers when you register to use our site and subscribe to our services.
Purpose of Information Collection:
We collect Identifiers in order to communicate with you, provide you with information about other goods and services we offer, enforce our Terms and Conditions.
How We Share Your Personal Information:
We share Identifiers with Service Providers and other third parties in order to perform the contract we enter into with you and to provide you with our services and provide you with information about other goods and services.
Category of Information:
California Customer Records
(such as Address, Name, Telephone Number)
Sources of Information:
We collect personal information when you register to use our site and subscribe to our services.
Purpose of Information Collection:
We collect personal information in order to communicate with you, provide you with information about other goods and services we offer, enforce our Terms and Conditions.
How We Share Your Personal Information:
We share Personal Information with Service Providers and other third parties to perform the contract we enter into with you, to provide you with our services and to provide you with information about other goods and services.
Category of Information:
Commercial Information
(such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies)
Sources of Information:
We collect Commercial Information through your registering to use our site and subscribe to our services from other Les Mills websites, other third parties, our App (if you download it) and social media as stated above.
Purpose of Information Collection:
We collect Commercial Information in order to provide you our services, perform the contract we enter into with you, and for data analysis, and to tailor your experience to the site.
How We Share Your Personal Information:
We share Commercial Information with Service Providers and other third parties in order to perform the contract we enter into with you and to provide you with our services and provide you with information about other goods and service as stated above.
Category of Information:
Internet/ Network Activity Information
(such as website or application or advertisement browsing history)
Sources of Information:
We collect Electronic Network Activity Information automatically through your use of our site, from other Les Mills websites, other third parties, and social media as stated above.
Purpose of Information Collection:
We collect Electronic Network Activity Information  in order to communicate with you, provide you with information about other goods and services we offer, enforce our Terms and conditions.
How We Share Your Personal Information:
We share Electronic Network Activity Information with Service Providers and other Third Parties in order to perform the contract we enter into with you and in compliance with legal process.
Category of Information:
Geolocation Data
Sources of Information:
We collect Geolocation Data through your registering to use our site and subscribe to our services.
Purpose of Information Collection:
We collect Geolocation Data to provide you our services, perform the contract we enter into with you.
How We Share Your Personal Information:
We share Geolocation Data with Service Providers and other third parties as outlined above in order to comply with legal process, perform the contract we enter into with you, to provide you with our services, provide you with information about other goods and services, any other purpose as stated above with your consent.
Under California Laws, California residents have the rights listed below. Californians can exercise their privacy rights by contacting us at
support@lesmillsplus.com
.  We will need to verify your identity before processing your request. In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful login to your account or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. Although we try to limit the personal information collected in connection with a request to exercise the right to know and the right to deletion, certain requests may require us to obtain additional personal information from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the right to know and right to deletion, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity.
Your right to access and to deletion are not absolute and are subject to certain exceptions. For instance, we cannot disclose specific pieces of personal information if the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the personal information, your account with us or the security of the business’s systems or networks.
California residents have the right to request that we disclose to them (i) the
categories
of personal information we have collected about them, (ii) the categories of
sources
from which personal information is collected, (iii) the
business or commercial purpose for the information collection
, (iv) the categories of
third parties
with whom we have shared personal information, and (v) the
specific pieces
of personal information we hold about an individual.
California residents have the right to have their personal information deleted, unless the personal information is necessary for the business or service provider to:
o    complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by the consumer or otherwise perform a contract between the business and the consumer;
o    detect security incidents;
o    protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity (or prosecute those responsible);
o    debug to identify and repair functionality errors;
o    exercise or ensure the right of another to exercise free speech or another legal right;
o    comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act, which compels the production of or access to electronic       communication information or electronic device information with a search warrant;
o    engage in research in the public interest (if the consumer has provided informed consent);
o    to enable solely internal uses aligned with the consumer's expectations given their relationship with the business;
o    comply with a legal obligation; or
o    otherwise use the information internally in a lawful manner compatible with the context in which the consumer provided it.
Californian residents have the right to opt-out of having their personal information sold to third parties. Under California Law, Les Mills sharing of personal information relating to the marketing and access of our Online Services to certain third parties may constitute a “sale” under the CCPA’s definition of that term. You can opt-out of such information sharing on your browser by clicking on the Do Not Sell My Info link in the footer of our homepage.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not deny you goods or services, charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties, provide you a different level or quality of goods or service, or suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods and services.
In some circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise certain privacy rights on your behalf.  We will require verification that you provided the authorized agent permission to make a request on your behalf. You must provide us with a copy of the signed permission you have given to the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf and verify your own identity directly with us.
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, also known as the “Shine the Light Law,” any of our users who are California residents are entitled to request and receive once a year, free of charge, a notice from us describing what categories of personal customer information (if any) we shared with third parties or corporate affiliates for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. If applicable, the notice will identify the categories of information shared, the names and addresses of the third parties and affiliates with which information was shared. If you are a California resident and would like to request a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address CCPA@lesmills.com. In your request, please specify that you want a “California Privacy Rights Notice.” Please allow at least thirty days for a response.
Back to top
15. CONTACT US
To exercise your opt-out privileges, access your user information, obtain more information about this Privacy Policy or advise us of other matters regarding your experiences with LMM or the site, please contact us by post or email at:
Les Mills Media Limited, 200 Victoria Street West, Auckland 1010, New Zealand
Email:
privacy@lesmills.com
Back to top
16. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update or change this Privacy Policy at any time. We will tell you about any changes by posting an updated policy on our site and (where appropriate) notifying you by post or email. Any such modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the site.  Where applicable law requires us to do so, we will seek your consent for such changes and give you an opportunity to cancel your subscription.
Back to top
17. LANGUAGE
This policy may be translated into other languages. You agree where there is any inconsistency between the translation and this policy, the English language will prevail.
Back to top
POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ DE LES MILLS+
Dernière mise à jour le 11 Mars 2024
Les Mills Media Limited (« LMM », « nous », « notre » ou « nos »), une société néo-zélandaise sise 200 Victoria Street West, Auckland 1010, Nouvelle-Zélande, exploite le site lesmillsondemand.com (y compris l’ensemble des contenus et fonctionnalités disponibles par le biais du nom de domaine lesmillsondemand.com et tous domaines ou sous-domaines spécifiques à un pays ou une région) et l’application LES MILLS+ (collectivement désignés le « site »).
LMM s’engage à garantir la confidentialité et la protection des informations que les utilisateurs nous fournissent. La politique de confidentialité suivante régit les pratiques de LMM concernant la collecte, l’utilisation, le traitement, la divulgation, le transfert et la conservation des informations figurant sur le site. La présente politique doit être lue conjointement avec toute autre politique ou condition élaborée par LMM à tout moment et publiée sur le site ou toute partie du site (y compris les Conditions d’utilisation de LES MILLS+ si vous êtes abonné).
La présente politique peut être modifiée à tout moment et, dans ce cas, la dernière version sera disponible sur notre site ou notre application (et, le cas échéant, portée à votre attention).
Points clés:
Les Mills Media Limited est le responsable du traitement des données à caractère personnel traitées dans le cadre de votre utilisation de notre site.
Parmi les informations personnelles que nous traitons figurent les informations que vous fournissez lorsque vous utilisez notre site ou nos services, des informations techniques sur votre appareil, vos paramètres et votre utilisation du site, des informations que nous recevons de tiers, comme d’autres fournisseurs de sites Web, des réseaux publicitaires, des sociétés de réseaux sociaux, des clubs de sport et centres de fitness et, le cas échéant, des informations relatives à votre rôle en tant qu’instructeur.
Nous utilisons vos données, entre autres, pour vous fournir notre site et nos services ou des informations sur notre site et nos services, adapter nos services à vos besoins, analyser nos services, diffuser (ou permettre à d’autres de diffuser) des publicités ciblées, respecter toute obligation légale ou réglementaire et (si vous êtes un instructeur) évaluer vos performances et fournir des informations relatives à votre rôle.
Sous réserve du droit applicable, vous acceptez que nous vous envoyions des communications commerciales relatives à nos services. Vous pouvez refuser à tout moment de recevoir ces communications en envoyant un e-mail à privacy@lesmills.com ou en cliquant sur le lien de désabonnement figurant au bas de tout e-mail commercial.
Nous partageons des données avec nos prestataires de services et d’autres tiers pour l’exécution de nos obligations contractuelles envers vous, pour vous fournir des informations, pour la diffusion de publicités et (le cas échéant) pour effectuer des vérifications de crédit et d’antécédents.
En fonction du pays où vous vous trouvez, vous disposez d’un certain nombre de droits que vous pouvez exercer en lien avec notre utilisation de vos données à caractère personnel en envoyant votre demande par e-mail à
privacy@lesmills.com
.
Vous trouverez des informations sur nous et la manière dont nous collectons, utilisons et conservons vos données à caractère personnel dans chaque section de la présente politique :
Qui nous sommes
Informations que nous collectons auprès de vous
Comment vos données seront utilisées
Divulgation de vos données
Où nous stockons vos informations personnelles
Conservation des données
Sécurité de vos données
Sites liés
Forums publics
Enfants
Informations perdues ou volées
Option de désinscription
Vos droits
Avis à l’attention des résidents de Californie
Contact
Modifications de notre politique de confidentialité
Langue
Avis relatif aux cookies
1. TERMES UTILISÉS DANS LA POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ
Dans la présente politique :
« vous » désigne la personne qui utilise nos services ou visite le site.
« Sociétés du groupe » désigne Les Mills International Limited et l’ensemble des filiales et sociétés affiliées, détenues à tout moment par Les Mills International Limited (autres que nous), fournissant des biens et services de fitness.  Si vous avez besoin d’une liste complète des entités qui constituent les Sociétés du groupe, veuillez nous contacter comme décrit dans la section « Contact » ci-dessous.
« Les Mills Group » renvoie à nous et aux Sociétés du groupe.
« Services » désigne le service sur abonnement de LES MILLS+.  Les Services peuvent vous être fournis sur notre site ou par le biais de notre application.
Retour en haut de page
2. INFORMATIONS QUE NOUS COLLECTONS À VOTRE SUJET
Nous collectons et traitons les informations suivantes vous concernant:
Informations que vous nous communiquez
Il s’agit d’informations vous concernant que vous nous fournissez lorsque vous naviguez sur notre site ou l’utilisez, que vous nous communiquez par téléphone, SMS, e-mail, sur les réseaux sociaux ou autrement. Cela comprend les informations que vous fournissez lorsque :
vous vous inscrivez pour utiliser notre site ;
vous souscrivez à nos Services ;
vous passez une commande sur notre site ;
vous participez à des forums de discussion ou utilisez d’autres fonctions de réseaux sociaux sur notre site ;
vous participez à un concours ; et
vous nous contactez ou signalez un problème concernant notre site.
Les informations que vous nous fournissez comprennent votre nom, adresse, pays, date de naissance, adresse e-mail et numéro de téléphone, vos données de carte de crédit (qui sont recueillies pour le paiement, mais non stockées) si vous souscrivez à nos Services ou passez une commande sur notre site, votre description personnelle et vos photographies, vidéos, images ou commentaires, vos intérêts en matière de fitness et vos préférences, notamment en matière de marketing.
Ces informations sont nécessaires pour vous fournir les Services. Le fait de ne pas communiquer ces informations pourrait entraîner un retard dans la fourniture des Services ou nous empêcher de les fournir.
Informations que nous collectons à votre sujet
Concernant chacune de vos visites sur notre site, nous collectons automatiquement les informations suivantes :
informations techniques, y compris l’adresse IP utilisée pour connecter votre ordinateur ou appareil à Internet, vos informations de connexion, le type et la version du navigateur, le réglage du fuseau horaire, les données de localisation, les types et versions de plug-in du navigateur, le système d’exploitation et la plateforme ;
les informations sur votre visite, y compris l’URL complète, le parcours vers, via et depuis notre site (y compris la date et l’heure), les pages ou produits que vous avez consultés ou recherchés, les temps de réponse de page, les erreurs de téléchargement, la durée des visites sur certaines pages, les informations d’interaction sur les pages (telles que le défilement, les clics et les passages de souris), les méthodes utilisées pour parcourir la page ; et
les informations sur la manière dont vous utilisez les Services, notamment votre consommation et votre lecture des vidéos, votre connexion et déconnexion, et les erreurs de lecture.
Notre site peut également contenir des fonctionnalités de médias sociaux, comme le bouton « J’aime » de Facebook. Ces fonctionnalités peuvent collecter votre adresse IP, la page que vous visitez sur notre site, et peuvent installer un cookie pour permettre à la fonction de fonctionner correctement. Les fonctionnalités et composants graphiques des médias sociaux sont hébergés par un tiers ou directement sur notre site. Vos interactions avec ces fonctionnalités sont également régies par la politique de confidentialité de la société qui les fournit.
Pour des informations détaillées sur les cookies que nous utilisons et les finalités pour lesquelles nous les utilisons, veuillez consulter notre Politique relative aux cookies
ici
et notre Déclaration relative aux cookies
ici
.
Informations que nous recevons d’autres sources.
Autres sites Web de Les Mills :
Nous sommes susceptibles de recevoir des informations vous concernant si vous utilisez les autres sites Web exploités par les Sociétés Les Mills ou les autres services fournis par le groupe Les Mills.
Tiers :
Nous travaillons également en étroite collaboration avec des tiers (y compris, par exemple, des partenaires commerciaux, des distributeurs agréés, des clubs et établissements sportifs et de fitness, ou toute autre organisation disposant d’une licence octroyée par Les Mills pour conduire les programmes Les Mills (les « Clubs sous licence »), des sous-traitants de services techniques, de paiement et de livraison, des réseaux publicitaires, des fournisseurs de services d’analyse, des annonceurs, des fournisseurs d’informations de recherche, des agences d’évaluation du crédit, des tiers qui permettent des fonctionnalités de connexion et d’intégration au réseau social) et sommes susceptibles de recevoir des informations vous concernant de leur part.
Médias sociaux :
Si vous vous connectez sur notre site par le biais de certaines plateformes de médias sociaux, ou si vous choisissez d’utiliser des fonctionnalités présentes sur ces sites ou sur les sites Web d’autres Sociétés du groupe Les Mills qui se connectent à vos profils en ligne ou à vos comptes de médias sociaux (« Comptes de médias sociaux »), nous pouvons collecter toute information dont vous autorisez la collecte par le biais de vos paramètres sur ces Comptes de médias sociaux. Par exemple, si vous vous connectez à notre site à l’aide de votre compte Facebook et que vous avez autorisé Facebook à partager vos informations de profil avec nous, nous pouvons collecter ces informations. Les informations que nous recevons à partir de vos Comptes de médias sociaux comprennent votre adresse e-mail, prénom et nom, localité (ville et pays), sexe, date de naissance, mentions J’aime, vos centres d’intérêt, le nombre de connexions, l’occupation, les publications ou toute autre activité sociale. Les informations que votre plateforme de médias sociaux peut nous fournir à travers votre Compte de médias sociaux peuvent changer de temps à autre. Veuillez consulter les paramètres de confidentialité de votre Compte de médias sociaux pour contrôler les informations qui nous sont communiquées.
Retour en haut de page
3. COMMENT VOS DONNÉES SERONT UTILISÉES
Nous utilisons les informations vous concernant que nous détenons de la manière suivante :
A.    Dans la mesure autorisée par la loi en vigueur, nous traitons les données aux fins suivantes en fonction de nos intérêts légitimes :
pour administrer notre site et mener les opérations internes, y compris à des fins de résolution des problèmes, d’analyse des données, de sécurité, de test, de recherche, statistiques et d’enquête ;
pour vous fournir des informations sur les autres biens et services que nous proposons, qui sont similaires à ceux que vous avez déjà achetés ou au sujet desquels vous avez demandé des renseignements ;
pour vous envoyer des actualités et offres concernant le domaine de la santé et du fitness si vous vivez en dehors de l’Espace économique européen (l’« EEE »), du Royaume-Uni ou du Brésil, à moins que vous ne vous y opposiez (voir Opposition aux communications commerciales) ;
pour personnaliser votre expérience sur le site ;
pour présenter (ou permettre à des tiers de vous présenter) des publicités ciblées sur les sites Web que vous visitez, pour des produits ou services susceptibles de vous intéresser (Cf. section « Divulgation de vos données » ci-dessous ainsi que notre Politique relative aux cookies
ici
et notre Déclaration relative aux cookies
ici
), et pour mesurer ou comprendre l’efficacité de ces publicités.  De même, nous pourrions également utiliser vos informations pour vous exclure de certains groupes de publicité ciblée, par ex., si nous savons déjà que vous êtes un abonné Les Mills, nous ne vous enverrons pas certaines publicités destinées aux non-abonnés ; ou
pour suivre l’avancement et le nombre d’entrées dans les concours et les promotions.
B.    Dans la mesure autorisée par la loi applicable, nous traitons les données lorsque cela est nécessaire pour exécuter notre contrat avec vous :
Nous collectons, stockons et utilisons vos informations personnelles, y compris votre nom, adresse e-mail, vos informations de connexion et de paiement et les informations sur la façon dont vous utilisez les Services et y accédez, car cela est nécessaire à la fourniture des Services que vous demandez conformément au contrat conclu entre vous et nous lorsque vous avez accepté nos Conditions d’utilisation. Ceci inclut :
o	mettre les Services à votre disposition ;
o    fournir les Services que vous demandez et répondre à vos demandes ;
o    administrer les Services et traiter votre paiement lorsque vous achetez des Services auprès de nous (y compris, notamment, recourir à des prestataires de services tiers pour traiter ce paiement) ;
o    vous informer des modifications apportées à nos services ; et
o    satisfaire aux exigences d’administration des services et des comptes, notamment lorsque nous devons vous contacter pour des raisons liées aux Services (par exemple, lorsque nous devons vous envoyer un rappel de mot de passe, pour vous informer des mises à jour des Services ou des modifications apportées à nos Conditions d’utilisation, ou à la présente Politique de confidentialité).
C.    Nous traitons les données aux fins suivantes sur la base de votre consentement :
pour vous permettre d’utiliser des fonctions interactives de notre service, lorsque vous choisissez de le faire.  Cela inclut les formulaires de contact ou les fonctionnalités de forum public que nous fournissons sur notre site, comme les forums communautaires, les commentaires ou les fonctions de discussion ;
pour vous envoyer des actualités et offres concernant le domaine de la santé et du fitness si vous vivez en dehors de l’Espace économique européen (l’« EEE »), du Royaume-Uni ou du Brésil ; et
D.    Nous traitons les données dans la mesure nécessaire pour respecter toutes les exigences légales.
Par exemple :
o si vous disposez d’un abonnement payant pour utiliser les Services et vivez dans l’EEE, nous sommes légalement tenus de vous autoriser à regarder les Services, et la loi vous donne le droit de les regarder, lorsque vous visitez un autre pays de l’EEE.
o    si nous recevons une demande d’informations d’un organisme de réglementation, il est possible également que nous ayons besoin de traiter vos informations personnelles pour répondre à cette demande.
Retour en haut de page
4. DIVULGATION DE VOS DONNÉES
Prestataires de services
Concernant certaines des finalités pour lesquelles nous utilisons des données à caractère personnel (voir ci-dessus), nous engageons un tiers. Si ce tiers a besoin d’accéder aux données à caractère personnel pour exécuter sa tâche, dans la mesure autorisée par les lois en vigueur, nous partageons les données avec lui en veillant à ce que le tiers utilise uniquement les données selon nos instructions. Ces tiers sont des sous-traitants agissant en notre nom et nous restons responsables de vos données.
Nous faisons appel à des sociétés qui nous fournissent des services (y compris les Sociétés Les Mills) telles que des fournisseurs, prestataires de services et autres partenaires qui soutiennent nos activités.  Ces tiers fournissent des services tels que la prestation de services relatifs à l’infrastructure technique, l’analyse de la manière dont nos services sont utilisés, la mesure de l’efficacité des publicités et des services, la fourniture de services client, les paiements de facilitation ou la conduite de recherches académiques et d’enquêtes. Ces partenaires doivent respecter des obligations de confidentialité strictes d’une manière conforme à la présente politique et aux accords conclus avec eux.
Analyses et annonceurs
Lorsque nous y sommes autorisés conformément aux réglementations en vigueur en matière de données à caractère personnel, nous partageons vos informations personnelles avec :
des fournisseurs de moteurs de recherche et d’analyse tels qu’AWS et Google Analytics qui nous aident dans l’amélioration et l’optimisation de notre site.  Nous voulons que notre site et nos publicités soient aussi pertinents et intéressants que possible.
des annonceurs et réseaux publicitaires qui ont besoin des données pour sélectionner et diffuser des publicités pertinentes pour vous et d’autres personnes, y compris à un public cible. Ces sociétés publicitaires tierces collectent, stockent et utilisent des données en intégrant des cookies et autres logiciels de suivi sur nos Services. Dans certains cas, ces tiers utilisent également les données qu’ils recueillent à des fins qui leur sont propres, par exemple, ils peuvent agréger vos données avec d’autres données qu’ils détiennent pour les utiliser aux fins d’amélioration de services publicitaires connexes fournis à d’autres clients, travailler avec d’autres sociétés publicitaires et partager des informations collectées avec ces sociétés dans le cadre du processus.  Veuillez consulter notre Politique relative aux cookies
ici
et notre Déclaration relative aux cookies
ici
pour plus d’informations sur les sociétés publicitaires tierces qui collectent, utilisent, traitent et stockent des données vous concernant, et sur l’utilisation des cookies et autres technologies de suivi sur nos Services ;
des médias sociaux ou autres plateformes similaires afin que nous puissions vous envoyer du contenu pertinent par le biais de ce genre de plateforme, ou vous exclure de la liste de diffusion pour des contenus qui sont sans intérêt pour vous. Par exemple, nous pouvons partager votre adresse e-mail avec Facebook dans le but de vous inclure dans un public particulier (ou de vous en exclure) auquel nous (ou un tiers en notre nom) enverrons du contenu sur Facebook, ou nous pouvons créer un public composé d’autres utilisateurs Facebook en fonction de vos informations de profil Facebook.
Autres tiers
En outre, si nous y sommes autorisés par la réglementation en vigueur en matière de données à caractère personnel, nous partageons vos informations personnelles avec :
les Sociétés Les Mills ;
les tiers sélectionnés suivants :
o    partenaires commerciaux, distributeurs agréés, clubs détenteurs d’une licence Les Mills qui nous fournissent des services nous permettant d’exécuter notre contrat avec vous et/ou de vous fournir des informations sur les promotions et offres, ou à toute autre fin décrite dans la section « Comment vos données seront utilisées » ci-dessus ;
o    les agences d’évaluation du crédit pour évaluer votre cote de solvabilité lorsque cela est une condition à la conclusion d’un contrat avec vous.
Divulgation dans certaines circonstances
Lorsque nous y sommes autorisés conformément aux réglementations en vigueur en matière de données à caractère personnel, nous partageons également vos informations personnelles avec des tiers dans les circonstances suivantes :
si nous cédons ou acquérons des entreprises ou des actifs, auquel cas nous divulguons vos informations personnelles au cessionnaire ou à l’acquéreur potentiel de ces entreprises ou actifs dans le cadre d’accords de confidentialité appropriés ;
si LMM ou la quasi-totalité de ses actifs sont acquis par un tiers, auquel cas les informations personnelles qu’elle détient concernant ses clients font partie des actifs transférés ;
Si nous sommes dans l’obligation de divulguer ou de partager vos informations personnelles afin de respecter une obligation légale,
Pour faire respecter ou appliquer les conditions d’utilisation de notre site Web (
www.lesmills.com/terms-of-usesite-terms
) y compris les Conditions d’utilisation de l’Application LES MILLS+ (affichées dans l’App Store lorsque vous la téléchargez) ou les conditions d’
achat
et autres accords ; ou pour protéger les droits, la propriété ou la sécurité de toute Société Les Mills, de nos clients ou de tiers. Cela inclut l’échange d’informations avec d’autres sociétés et organisations aux fins de la protection contre la fraude et de la réduction du risque de crédit ;
lorsque vous avez consenti autrement à ce que nous le fassions.
Retour en haut de page
5. LIEU DE STOCKAGE DE VOS INFORMATIONS ET TRANSFERTS INTERNATIONAUX
Les personnes physiques (en particulier au sein de l’EEE ou du Royaume-Uni) doivent savoir que nous et les autres tiers destinataires de leurs informations personnelles, notamment les Sociétés Les Mills ou nos prestataires de services, ne sommes pas situés dans leur juridiction ou dans l’EEE ou le Royaume-Uni, et que nous sommes susceptibles de transférer leurs données vers ces régions.
Par exemple, les données à caractère personnel peuvent être transférées aux Sociétés du groupe Les Mills en Nouvelle-Zélande en relation avec les objectifs énoncés ci-dessus. Notre fournisseur de plateforme vidéo (Vimeo) et notre plateforme de commerce électronique (Magento) sont basés aux États-Unis. Par conséquent, vos données à caractère personnel peuvent être transférées aux États-Unis. Lorsque nous transférons vos données à un tiers dans un autre pays, des mesures sont prises pour protéger vos informations personnelles en conformité avec les lois applicables en matière de protection des données, y compris (s’il s’applique) le règlement UE 2016/679 (le «
RGPD
»), le RGPD transposé en droit britannique et la loi britannique sur la protection des données de 2018 (Data Protection Act 2018). Ces mesures peuvent inclure :
vérifier qu’une décision d’adéquation a été rendue par la Commission européenne pour les transferts hors de l’EEE, ou par le gouvernement britannique pour les transferts hors du Royaume-Uni, ce qui signifie que le pays destinataire est réputé offrir une protection adéquate pour ces données à caractère personnel ;
conclure des clauses contractuelles types approuvées par la Commission européenne (ou le gouvernement britannique pour les transferts hors du Royaume-Uni) avec le destinataire. Ces clauses contractuelles types comprennent certaines garanties protégeant les données à caractère personnel ; et
prendre toutes les précautions raisonnables pour garantir que vos informations personnelles seront traitées en toute sécurité et conformément à la présente Politique de confidentialité.
Retour en haut de page
6. CONSERVATION DES DONNÉES
Nous conservons les informations personnelles que nous collectons uniquement si nous en avons besoin pour étayer des exigences commerciales justifiables ou lorsque nos finalités légales d’utilisation des informations nécessitent une conservation. Lorsque nous n’avons plus besoin des informations personnelles, nous ou nos fournisseurs tiers supprimons ou archivons en toute sécurité ces informations. Pour plus d’informations sur le lieu et la durée de conservation de vos informations personnelles, ainsi que sur votre droit à l’effacement et à la portabilité de vos données, voir ci-dessous sous "Vos droits".
Retour en haut de page
7. SÉCURITÉ DE VOS DONNÉES
Afin de préserver la confidentialité des données et des informations nominatives que vous transmettez à travers l’utilisation de notre site et de nos portails, nous avons mis en place des mesures de protection physiques, techniques et administratives. Toutes les informations que vous nous fournissez sont stockées sur nos serveurs sécurisés ou sur les serveurs sécurisés ou les services sécurisés contrôlés par des tiers en notre nom (Cf. « Divulgation de vos données » ci-dessus). Toutes les transactions de paiement seront chiffrées à l’aide de la technologie SSL. Lorsque nous vous avons donné (ou lorsque vous avez choisi) un mot de passe qui vous permet d’accéder à certaines parties de notre site, il vous incombe de préserver la confidentialité de ce mot de passe.
Nous actualisons et testons régulièrement notre technologie de sécurité. Nous limitons l’accès à vos données à caractère personnel aux employés qui ont besoin de connaître ces informations pour vous fournir des avantages ou des services. En outre, nous formons nos employés sur l’importance de la confidentialité et le respect de la vie privée et de la sécurité de vos informations. Nous nous engageons à prendre des mesures disciplinaires appropriées pour que nos employés assument leur responsabilité en matière de protection de la vie privée.
Malheureusement, la transmission d’informations via Internet n’est pas totalement sécurisée. Bien que nous nous efforcions de protéger vos informations personnelles, nous ne pouvons garantir la sécurité de vos données transmises vers notre site ; toute transmission se fait à vos propres risques. Une fois que nous avons reçu vos informations, nous respectons des procédures strictes et avons recours à des fonctions de sécurité pour essayer d’empêcher tout accès non autorisé.
De plus amples informations sur les mesures que nous prenons pour protéger vos informations personnelles, dans ces cas, sont disponibles sur demande en nous contactant par e-mail à l’adresse privacy@lesmills.com à tout moment.
Retour en haut de page
8. SITES LIÉS
Le site peut contenir des liens vers d’autres sites Web. Nous ne sommes pas responsables de la fiabilité du contenu ou des pratiques de confidentialité de ces autres sites Web.
Retour en haut de page
9. FORUMS PUBLICS
Nous pouvons vous fournir des fonctionnalités de chat, de messagerie instantanée, des plateformes de discussion, de forums communautaires et/ou de groupes d’actualités sur le site ou autrement. N’oubliez pas que toute information que vous divulguez sur les espaces publics du site deviendra publique et sera accessible au public. Nous n’avons pas l’intention (mais nous nous réservons le droit) de surveiller, modérer ou filtrer le contenu des publications des utilisateurs. Nous déclinons toute responsabilité concernant tout contenu de ce genre et vous devez être prudent lorsque vous envisagez de divulguer vos informations personnelles sur le site à travers des forums publics ou privés.
Retour en haut de page
10. ENFANTS
Nous ne collectons pas sciemment d’informations auprès d’enfants de moins de 13 ans (ou l’âge approprié pour donner un consentement valide dans votre juridiction, si différent), et le site et l’application ne ciblent pas les individus de moins de 13 ans (ou l’âge approprié pour donner un consentement valide dans votre juridiction, si différent).  Nous encourageons les parents et les tuteurs à jouer un rôle actif dans les activités et intérêts en ligne de leurs enfants.
Veuillez nous contacter à l’adresse privacy@lesmills.com si vous savez que nous pouvons avoir accidentellement collecté des informations personnelles d’un enfant.
Retour en haut de page
12. INFORMATIONS PERDUES OU VOLÉES
Vous ne devez partager votre nom d’utilisateur ou mot de passe avec personne et vous devez les protéger.  Veuillez immédiatement nous envoyer un e-mail à l’adresse support@lesmillsplus.com en cas de perte ou de vol de votre nom d’utilisateur et/ou de votre mot de passe, ou en cas d’utilisation non autorisée de ceux-ci. Après notification, nous annulerons ce nom d’utilisateur ou mot de passe et mettrons à jour nos dossiers en conséquence.  Nous vous recommandons d’utiliser des mots de passe différents pour chacun de vos comptes en ligne.
Retour en haut de page
13. OPTION D’OPPOSITION AUX COMMUNICATIONS COMMERCIALES
Si vous ne vivez pas au Royaume-Uni ou dans l’EEE, vous avez le droit de refuser que nous utilisions vos informations personnelles pour vous envoyer des communications commerciales, ou de vous opposer à l’envoi de ces communications commerciales. Si vous le faites, votre nom sera marqué dans nos fichiers de manière à être exclu de tout contact de ce type à l’avenir, à moins que ne vous demandiez ou n’acceptiez ultérieurement que nous vous contactions.
Si vous vivez au Royaume-Uni, au Brésil ou dans l’EEE, vous devez vous abonner (ou consentir) aux communications commerciales de notre part, et vous pouvez retirer ce consentement de la même manière que vous exercez votre droit d’opposition ci-dessous, ou en utilisant la méthode décrite dans la section « Retrait du consentement » ci-dessous.
Vous pouvez exercer votre droit d'opposition en :
utilisant les coordonnées fournies à cet effet dans les courriers que nous vous envoyons ;
utilisant l’option « se désinscrire » au bas de toute communication électronique que nous vous envoyons ; ou
nous envoyant un e-mail à tout moment à l’adresse privacy@lesmills.com.
Retour en haut de page
13. VOS DROITS
En fonction de votre pays de résidence, vous pouvez avoir des droits spécifiques à l’égard de vos données à caractère personnel.
Droit d’accès
Vous pouvez avoir le droit de demander l’accès à certaines données à caractère personnel que nous détenons à votre sujet, y compris toute information que nous avons communiquée à nos Sociétés du groupe à des fins de marketing direct, sous réserve de certaines conditions et exceptions limitées définies dans les lois pertinentes relatives à la confidentialité des données.
Si vous souhaitez exercer ce droit, veuillez envoyer votre demande par e-mail à
privacy@lesmills.com
, et dans la mesure où nous sommes tenus de le faire en vertu de la loi applicable, nous traiterons votre demande.
Nous serons aussi transparents que possible dans la réponse à votre demande, mais parfois, conformément aux lois applicables, il est possible que nous ne détenions aucune information personnelle vous concernant ou que nous soyons tenus de ne pas vous divulguer des informations personnelles. C’est le cas notamment lorsque les informations ne sont pas des informations personnelles vous concernant, sont commercialement sensibles, sont protégées par le secret professionnel de l’avocat, concernent les informations personnelles d’une autre personne, ou si le fait de les divulguer pourrait avoir un impact sur la sécurité de nos employés ou clients. Dans ces circonstances, nous ne vous divulguerons pas les informations, mais nous vous dirons pourquoi.
Droit de rectification
Vous pouvez nous demander de corriger (rectifier) l’enregistrement de vos données à caractère personnel en notre possession si elles sont inexactes ou obsolètes.
Retrait du consentement
Si nous nous appuyons sur votre consentement pour utiliser vos informations personnelles d’une manière particulière, mais que vous changez d’avis ultérieurement, vous pouvez retirer votre consentement en nous contactant à l’adresse
privacy@lesmills.com
et nous cesserons de le faire. Cependant, le retrait de votre consentement pourrait nous empêcher de vous fournir nos services (par exemple, nous pourrions être dans l’incapacité de vous envoyer des informations commerciales).
Autres droits
Les résidents de l’EEE, de la Suisse, du Royaume-Uni et du Brésil peuvent également avoir des droits particuliers supplémentaires en vertu de la législation sur la protection des données en vigueur dans l’EEE/l’Union européenne, la Suisse, le Royaume-Uni et le Brésil respectivement, y compris le droit de :
demander des informations concernant l’existence et la finalité du traitement ; les catégories de données à caractère personnel concernées ; qui d’autre que les Sociétés Les Mills pourrait avoir reçu les données de notre part ; quelle était la source des informations (si vous ne nous les avez pas fournies directement) ; et combien de temps elles seront conservées ;
obtenir des informations sur la possibilité de refuser le traitement fondé sur votre consentement (et les conséquences de ce refus) ainsi que supprimer les informations personnelles que vous nous aviez précédemment autorisés à utiliser (en supposant que nous en ayons besoin uniquement à ces fins) ;
demander que nous effacions ces données ou cessions de les traiter, sous réserve de certaines exceptions ;
nous demander d’anonymiser, de bloquer ou de supprimer les informations personnelles inutiles ou excessives, y compris les informations personnelles traitées en violation de la loi.  Bien entendu, nous nous efforçons toujours de collecter uniquement les données à caractère personnel strictement nécessaires et de respecter la loi ;
examiner les décisions que nous avons prises sur la base d’un traitement automatisé de données ;
nous demander de ne pas traiter vos informations personnelles pour les intérêts légitimes que nous avons énoncés ci-dessus. Dans certaines circonstances, il se peut que nous ne soyons pas en mesure d’arrêter d’utiliser vos informations personnelles, auquel cas nous vous en informerons et vous expliquerons pourquoi ;
recevoir les informations personnelles que vous nous avez fournies dans un format structuré, couramment utilisé et lisible par machine, et transmettre ces données à un autre responsable du traitement des données ; et
déposer une plainte auprès de l’autorité compétente en matière de protection des données si vous avez des préoccupations concernant la manière dont nous traitons vos données à caractère personnel.  L’autorité locale diffère selon le pays.  Vous pouvez également exercer un recours auprès des tribunaux si vous pensez que vos droits ont été violés.
Si vous souhaitez exercer votre droit d'effacement
cliquez ici
. Si vous souhaitez exercer l'un de vos autres droits, veuillez envoyer une demande à l’adresse
privacy@lesmills.com
.
Retour en haut de page
14. AVIS À L’ATTENTION DES RÉSIDENTS DE CALIFORNIE
Cette section s’applique uniquement aux résidents de Californie au sens de la Loi californienne sur la protection de la vie privée des consommateurs de 2018 (California Consumer Privacy Act, « CCPA ») et d’autres lois californiennes relatives à la protection de la vie privée (collectivement, le « Droit californien »).
Vous trouverez ci-dessous un résumé des informations personnelles, au sens donné à ce terme par le CCPA, que LES MILLS+ pourrait avoir recueillies au cours des douze derniers mois, la raison pour laquelle nous collectons vos informations personnelles, les circonstances dans lesquelles nous obtenons les informations personnelles que nous collectons à votre sujet, et les tiers avec lesquels nous partageons vos informations personnelles, conformément au Droit californien.
Catégorie d’informations: Identifiants
(tels qu’un nom de compte, identifiant d’appareil, adresse e-mail, adresse IP, etc
.)
Source des informations:
Nous collectons des identifiants lorsque vous vous inscrivez pour utiliser notre site et vous abonner à nos services.
Finalité de la collecte des informations:
Nous collectons des identifiants afin de communiquer avec vous, vous fournir des informations sur les autres produits et services que nous proposons, et faire respecter nos Conditions générales
Personnes avec lesquelles nous partageons vos informations personnelles:
Nous partageons des identifiants avec des prestataires de services et d’autres tiers afin d’exécuter le contrat que nous avons conclu avec vous et pour vous fournir nos services et vous fournir des informations sur d’autres produits et services.
Catégorie d’informations:
Informations des clients californiens (notamment adresse, nom, numéro de téléphone)
Source des informations:
Nous collectons des informations personnelles lorsque vous vous inscrivez pour utiliser notre site et vous abonner à nos services.
Finalité de la collecte des informations:
Nous collectons des informations personnelles afin de communiquer avec vous, vous fournir des informations sur les autres produits et services que nous proposons, et faire respecter nos Conditions générales.
Personnes avec lesquelles nous partageons vos informations personnelles:
Nous partageons des informations personnelles avec des prestataires de services et d’autres tiers afin d’exécuter le contrat que nous avons conclu avec vous, vous fournir nos services et vous fournir des informations sur d’autres produits et services.
Catégorie d’informations:
Informations commerciales (telles que les produits ou services achetés, obtenus ou consultés, ou autres historiques ou tendances d’achat ou de consommation)
Source des informations:
Nous collectons des informations commerciales lorsque vous vous inscrivez pour utiliser notre site ou vous abonner à nos services à partir d’autres sites Web Les Mills, d’autres tiers, de notre Application (si vous la téléchargez) et de médias sociaux comme indiqué ci-dessus.
Finalité de la collecte des informations:
Nous collectons des informations commerciales afin de vous fournir nos services, exécuter le contrat que nous avons conclu avec vous, analyser des données, et personnaliser votre expérience sur le site.
Personnes avec lesquelles nous partageons vos informations personnelles:
Nous partageons des informations commerciales avec des prestataires de services et d’autres tiers afin d’exécuter le contrat que nous avons conclu avec vous, vous fournir nos services et vous fournir des informations sur d’autres produits et services comme indiqué ci-dessus.
Catégorie d’informations: Informations sur l’activité sur Internet/autre réseau
(telles que l’historique de navigation sur le site Web ou l’application ou des interactions avec les publicités)
Source des informations:
Nous collectons automatiquement des Informations sur l’activité sur les réseaux électroniques lorsque vous utilisez notre site, à partir d’autres sites Web Les Mills, auprès d’autres tiers et de réseaux sociaux comme indiqué ci-dessus.
Finalité de la collecte des informations:
Nous collectons des informations sur l’activité sur les réseaux électroniques afin de communiquer avec vous, vous fournir des informations sur les autres produits et services que nous proposons, et faire respecter nos Conditions générales.
Personnes avec lesquelles nous partageons vos informations personnelles:
Nous partageons des informations sur l’activité sur les réseaux électroniques avec des prestataires de services et d’autres tiers afin d’exécuter le contrat que nous avons conclu avec vous et pour nous conformer à toute procédure légale.
Catégorie d’informations:
Données de géolocalisation
Source des informations:
Nous collectons des données de géolocalisation lorsque vous vous inscrivez pour utiliser notre site et vous abonner à nos services.
Finalité de la collecte des informations:
Nous collectons des données de géolocalisation pour vous fournir nos services et exécuter le contrat que nous avons conclu avec vous
Personnes avec lesquelles nous partageons vos informations personnelles:
Nous partageons des données de géolocalisation avec des prestataires de services et d’autres tiers comme indiqué ci-dessus afin de nous conformer à toute procédure légale, exécuter le contrat que nous avons conclu avec vous, vous fournir nos services, vous fournir des informations sur d’autres produits et services, et à toute autre fin indiquée ci-dessus avec votre consentement.
Le Droit californien confère les droits énumérés ci-dessous aux résidents de Californie. Les Californiens peuvent exercer leurs droits à la protection de la vie privée en nous contactant à l’adresse support@lesmillsplus.com.  Nous devrons vérifier votre identité avant de traiter votre demande. Pour vérifier votre identité, nous vous demanderons généralement de vous connecter à votre compte, ou nous vous demanderons des informations que nous comparerons avec les informations que nous détenons dans nos systèmes vous concernant. Bien que nous nous efforcions de limiter les informations personnelles collectées dans le cadre d’une demande d’exercice du droit de savoir et du droit à l’effacement, certaines demandes pourraient nécessiter que nous obtenions des informations personnelles supplémentaires de votre part. Dans certains cas, nous pourrions refuser une demande d’exercice du droit de savoir et du droit à l’effacement, en particulier lorsque nous ne sommes pas en mesure de vérifier votre identité.
Votre droit d’accès et votre droit à l’effacement ne sont pas absolus et sont soumis à certaines exceptions. Par exemple, nous ne pouvons pas divulguer certaines informations personnelles spécifiques si la divulgation crée un risque important, clair et déraisonnable pour la sécurité des informations personnelles, votre compte chez nous ou la sécurité des systèmes ou réseaux de l’entreprise.
Les résidents de Californie ont le droit de demander à ce que nous leur divulguions (i) les
catégories
d’informations personnelles que nous avons collectées les concernant, (ii) les catégories de
sources
auprès desquelles les informations personnelles sont collectées, (iii)
la finalité commerciale de la collecte des informations
, (iv) les catégories de
tiers
avec lesquels nous avons partagé des informations personnelles, et (v) les
informations personnelles spécifiques
que nous détenons sur une personne.
Les résidents de Californie ont le droit de faire supprimer leurs informations personnelles, à moins que l’entreprise ou le prestataire de services ait besoin des informations personnelles pour:
o	effectuer une transaction pour laquelle les informations personnelles ont été collectées, fournir un produit ou un service demandé par le consommateur ou exécuter un contrat entre l’entreprise et le consommateur ;
o	détecter les incidents de sécurité;
o	protéger contre les activités malveillantes, trompeuses, frauduleuses ou illégales (ou poursuivre les personnes       responsables);
o	identifier et supprimer les erreurs dans les programmes informatiques;
o	exercer ou respecter le droit d’autrui à la liberté d’expression ou tou autre droit légal;
o	se conformer à la loi californienne sur la confidentialité des communications électroniques (California Electronic Communications Privacy Act), qui conditionne la production d’informations sur les communications électroniques ou les appareils électroniques ou leur accès à l’obtention d’un mandat de perquisition;
o	mener des recherches présentant un caractère d'intérêt général (si le consommateur a donné son consentement éclairé);
o	permettre uniquement des utilisations internes conformes aux attentes du consommateur, compte tenu de sa       relation avec l’entreprise;
o	respecter une obligation légale ; ou
o	utiliser autrement les informations en interne d’une manière licite et compatible avec le contexte dans lequel       le consommateur les a fournies.
Les résidents de Californie ont le droit de s’opposer à la vente de leurs informations personnelles à des tiers. En vertu de la Loi californienne, le partage par Les Mills d’informations personnelles relatives à la commercialisation de nos Services en ligne et à leur accès, avec certains tiers, peut constituer une « vente » au sens du CCPA. Vous pouvez vous opposer à ce partage d’informations sur votre navigateur en cliquant sur le lien « Do Not Sell My Info » (« Ne vendez pas mes informations ») en bas de notre page d’accueil.
Nous ne vous pénaliserons pas si vous exercez l’un quelconque de vos droits en vertu du CCPA. À moins que le CCPA l’autorise, nous ne refuserons pas de vous vendre des produits ou des services, nous ne vous facturerons pas de prix ou tarifs différents pour des produits ou des services, y compris en vous accordant des remises ou d’autres avantages, ou en vous infligeant des pénalités, nous ne vous offrirons pas un niveau ou une qualité de produits ou de services différents, et nous ne suggérerons pas non plus que vous pourriez obtenir un prix ou un tarif différent pour des produits ou services ou un niveau ou une qualité de produits et services différents.
Dans certains cas, vous pouvez désigner un mandataire pour soumettre des demandes d’exercice de certains droits à la protection de la vie privée en votre nom.  Nous demanderons une preuve de l’autorisation que vous avez donnée au mandataire pour faire une demande en votre nom. Vous devez nous fournir une copie de l’autorisation signée que vous avez donnée au mandataire pour soumettre la demande en votre nom et confirmer votre identité directement auprès de nous.
En vertu des articles 1798.83 à 1798.84 du Code civil de Californie, également appelées « Loi Shine the Light », tous nos utilisateurs résidant en Californie ont le droit de demander et de recevoir une fois par an, gratuitement, un avis de notre part décrivant les éventuelles catégories d’informations personnelles des clients que nous avons partagées avec des tiers ou des sociétés affiliées, à des fins de prospection qui leurs sont propres, au cours de l’année civile précédente. Le cas échéant, l’avis identifiera les catégories d’informations partagées, les noms et adresses des tiers et sociétés affiliées avec lesquels les informations ont été partagées. Si vous résidez en Californie et souhaitez recevoir cet avis, veuillez envoyer une demande écrite à l’adresse suivante : CCPA@lesmills.com. Dans votre demande, veuillez préciser que vous souhaitez un « Avis relatif aux droits à la protection de la vie privée en Californie ». Comptez au moins trente jours pour recevoir une réponse.
Retour en haut de page
15. NOUS CONTACTER
Pour exercer votre droit d'opposition, accéder à vos informations utilisateur, obtenir plus d’informations sur la présente Politique de confidentialité ou nous adresser d’autres questions concernant vos expériences avec LMM ou le site, veuillez nous contacter par courrier ou par e-mail à l’adresse :
Les Mills International Limited, 200 Victoria Street West, Auckland 1010, Nouvelle-Zélande
E-mail:
privacy@lesmills.com
Retour en haut de page
16. MODIFICATIONS DE LA PRÉSENTE POLITIQUE
Nous pouvons mettre à jour ou modifier la présente Politique de confidentialité à tout moment. Nous vous informerons de toute modification en publiant une politique mise à jour sur notre site et (s’il y a lieu) nous vous enverrons une notification par courrier postal ou électronique. Toute modification prendra effet dès sa publication sur le site.  Si la loi en vigueur nous l’impose, nous solliciterons votre consentement auxdites modifications et vous donnerons la possibilité de résilier votre abonnement.
Retour en haut de page
17. LANGUE
La présente politique peut être traduite dans d’autres langues. Vous convenez qu’en cas d’incohérence entre la traduction et la présente politique, la langue anglaise prévaudra.
Retour en haut de page
Datenschutzrichtlinie von LES MILLS+
Zuletzt aktualisiert 11. März 2024
Les Mills Media Limited („LMM“, „uns“, „unser“ oder „wir“), ein in Neuseeland eingetragenes Unternehmen mit Sitz in 200 Victoria Street West, Auckland 1010, Neuseeland, betreibt die Website lesmillsondemand.com (einschließlich aller Inhalte und Funktionen, die über den Domainnamen lesmillsondemand.com und alle landes- oder regionsspezifischen Domains oder Subdomänen verfügbar sind) und die LES MILLS+ App (gemeinsam als die „Website“ bezeichnet).
LMM verpflichtet sich, die Privatsphäre und den Schutz von Informationen zu gewährleisten, die Benutzer uns bereitstellen. Die folgende Datenschutzrichtlinie regelt die Praktiken von LMM für die Erhebung, Verwendung, Verarbeitung, Offenlegung, Übertragung und Speicherung von Informationen auf der Website. Diese Richtlinie sollte zusammen mit anderen Richtlinien oder Bedingungen gelesen werden, die von Zeit zu Zeit von LMM entwickelt werden und auf der Website oder auf Teilen der Website bekanntgegeben werden (einschließlich der Nutzungsbedingungen von LES MILLS+, wenn Sie ein Abonnent sind).
Diese Richtlinie kann von Zeit zu Zeit geändert werden. Die aktuelle Version steht auf unserer Website und unserer App zur Verfügung (und, wenn angemessen, werden Sie darauf aufmerksam gemacht).
Wichtige Punkte:
Les Mills Media Limited ist der Datenverantwortliche der personenbezogenen Daten, die durch Ihre Nutzung unserer Website verarbeitet werden.
Die Art der personenbezogenen Daten, die von uns verarbeitet werden, umfasst Informationen, die Sie bei der Nutzung unserer Website oder unserer Dienste bereitstellen, technische Informationen über Ihr Gerät, Ihre Einstellungen und Ihre Nutzung der Website, Informationen, die wir von Dritten erhalten, zum Beispiel von anderen Websiteanbietern, Werbenetzwerken, Social-Media-Unternehmen sowie Gesundheits- und Fitnessstudios und, wenn zutreffend, Informationen über Ihre Rolle als Trainer.
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten unter anderem, um Ihnen unsere Website und unsere Dienste oder Informationen über diese bereitzustellen, unsere Dienste auf Sie zuzuschneiden, unsere Dienste zu analysieren, gezielte Werbungen bereitzustellen (oder anderen die Bereitstellung gezielter Werbungen zu ermöglichen), rechtliche oder regulatorische Pflichten zu befolgen und (wenn Sie ein Trainer sind) Ihre Leistung zu bewerten und Informationen zu Ihrer Rolle bereitzustellen.
Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, dass wir Ihnen, soweit dies nach geltendem Recht zulässig ist, Marketingmaterialien in Bezug auf unsere Dienstleistungen senden können, von denen Sie sich jederzeit abmelden können, indem Sie eine E-Mail an privacy@lesmills.com senden oder auf „Abmelden“ am Ende jeder Marketing-E-Mail klicken.
Wir geben Daten an unsere Dienstleistungsanbieter und andere Dritte weiter, um unseren vertraglichen Pflichten Ihnen gegenüber nachzukommen, um Ihnen Informationen bereitzustellen, um Werbungen anzuzeigen und (wenn relevant) um Bonitäts- und Hintergrundprüfungen durchzuführen.
Je nachdem, wo Sie sich befinden, haben Sie eine Reihe von Rechten, die Sie in Bezug auf unsere Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten ausüben können, und Sie können diese ausüben, indem Sie Ihre Anfrage per E-Mail an
privacy@lesmills.com senden
.
In jedem Abschnitt dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie finden Sie Informationen über uns und darüber, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, verwenden und speichern:
Wer wir sind
Informationen, die wir von Ihnen erheben
Wie Ihre Informationen verwendet werden
Offenlegung Ihrer Informationen
Wo wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten speichern
Datenspeicherung
Sicherheit Ihrer Informationen
Verlinkte Seiten
Öffentliche Foren
Kinder
Verlorene oder gestohlene informationen
Option zur ablehnung des marketings
Ihre Rechte
Erklärung für einwohner Kaliforniens
Kontakt
Änderungen unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie
Sprache
1. IN DER DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE VERWENDETE BEGRIFFE
In dieser Richtlinie:
„Sie“ bezeichnet Sie, die Person, die unsere Dienste nutzt oder die Website besucht.
„Konzerngesellschaften“ bezeichnet Les Mills International Limited und alle Tochtergesellschaften und verbundenen Unternehmen, die Les Mills International Limited zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt gehören (außer uns) und die fitnessbezogene Waren und Dienstleistungen bereitstellen.  Wenn Sie eine vollständige Liste der Unternehmen der Gruppe benötigen, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte wie in untenstehendem Abschnitt „Kontakt“ beschrieben.
„Les Mills Group“ bezeichnet uns und die Konzerngesellschaften.
„Dienste“ bezeichnet den Abonnement-Dienst von LES MILLS+.  Die Dienste können Ihnen auf unserer Desktop-Website oder über unsere App bereitgestellt werden.
Nach oben
2. INFORMATIONEN, DIE WIR ÜBER SIE ERHEBEN
Wir erheben und verarbeiten die folgenden Informationen über Sie:
Informationen, die Sie uns geben
Dies sind Informationen über Sie, die Sie uns beim Durchsuchen oder Nutzen der Website geben, uns per Telefon, SMS, E-Mail, über Social Media oder anderweitig bereitstellen. Dies umfasst Informationen, die Sie bereitstellen, wenn Sie:
sich für die Nutzung unserer Website registrieren;
unsere Dienstleistungen abonnieren;
eine Bestellung auf unserer Website aufgeben;
sich an Diskussionsforen oder anderen Social-Media-Funktionen auf unserer Website beteiligen;
an einem Wettbewerb teilnehmen und
wenn Sie uns kontaktieren oder ein Problem mit unserer Website melden.
Die Informationen, die Sie uns geben, umfassen Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse, Ihr Land, Ihr Geburtsdatum, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und Telefonnummer, Ihre Kreditkarteninformationen (die für die Zahlung erfasst, aber nicht gespeichert werden), wenn Sie unsere Dienste abonnieren oder eine Bestellung auf unserer Website aufgeben, persönliche Beschreibungen und Fotos, Videos, Bilder oder Kommentare, Ihre Fitnessinteressen und Präferenzen wie beispielsweise Ihre Marketingpräferenzen.
Diese Informationen sind erforderlich, um Ihnen die Dienste bereitzustellen. Wenn Sie solche Informationen nicht bereitstellen, kann dies die Bereitstellung der Dienste verzögern oder verhindern.
Informationen, die wir über Sie erheben
Bei jedem Ihrer Besuche auf unserer Website erheben wir automatisch die folgenden Informationen:
technische Informationen, einschließlich der IP-Adresse, die verwendet wird, um Ihren Computer oder Ihr Gerät mit dem Internet zu verbinden, Ihre Anmeldedaten, Ihre Browserart und -version, Ihre Zeitzoneneinstellungen, Standortdaten, Browser Plug-In-Arten und -Versionen, Betriebssystem und Plattform;
Informationen über Ihren Besuch, einschließlich der vollständigen URL, Clickstream zu, durch und von unserer Website (einschließlich Datum und Uhrzeit), Seiten oder Produkte, die Sie angezeigt oder gesucht haben, Reaktionszeiten von Seiten, Download-Fehler, Dauer des Aufenthalts auf bestimmten Seiten, Informationen zur Interaktion mit der Seite (zum Beispiel Scrollen, Klicks und Mouseovers), verwendete Methoden, um von der Seite weg zu browsen, und
Informationen darüber, wie Sie die Dienste nutzen, einschließlich insbesondere Ihres Videokonsums und Ihrer Videowiedergabe, Ihrer An- und Abmeldung sowie Wiedergabefehler.
Unsere Website kann auch Social-Media-Funktionen enthalten, wie z. B. den Facebook-Like-Button. Diese Funktionen können Ihre IP-Adresse erfassen, welche Seite Sie auf unserer Website besuchen und können ein Cookie ablegen, um die ordnungsgemäße Funktion dieser Funktion zu ermöglichen. Social-Media-Funktionen und -Widgets werden entweder von einem Dritten oder direkt auf unserer Website gehostet. Ihre Interaktionen mit diesen Funktionen unterliegen zudem der Datenschutzrichtlinie des Unternehmens, das diese Funktionen bereitstellt.
Ausführliche Informationen zu den Cookies, die wir einsetzen, und zu den Zwecken, für die wir sie einsetzen, finden Sie
hier
in unserer Cookie-Richtlinie und
hier
in unserer Cookie-Erklärung.
Informationen, die wir von anderen Quellen erhalten.
Andere Websites von Les Mills:
Wir können Informationen über Sie erhalten, wenn Sie andere Websites, die von Les Mills Companies betrieben werden, oder die anderen Dienste nutzen, die die Les Mills Group bereitstellt.
Dritte:
Wir arbeiten außerdem eng mit Dritten zusammen (z. B. Geschäftspartner, autorisierte Vertriebshändler, Gesundheits- und/oder Fitnessstudios und Einrichtungen oder andere Organisationen, denen Les Mills eine Lizenz für die Durchführung der Les Mills-Programme erteilt hat („lizenzierte Studios“), Unterauftragnehmer für technische, Zahlungs- und Bereitstellungsdienste, Werbeunternehmen, Anbieter von Suchinformationen, Wirtschaftsauskunfteien, Dritte, die die Anmeldefunktion und die Integration von sozialen Netzwerken ermöglichen) und können von diesen Dritten Informationen über Sie erhalten.
Social Media:
Wenn Sie sich über bestimmte Social-Media-Plattformen mit uns verbinden oder Funktionen auf dieser Website oder auf den Websites anderer Les Mills Group Companies verwenden, die sich mit Ihren Online-Profilen oder Social-Media-Konten („Social-Media-Konten“) verbinden, können wir Informationen erheben, deren Erhebung Sie durch Ihre Einstellungen auf diesen Social-Media-Konten gestatten. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise mithilfe Ihres Facebook-Kontos bei unserer Website anmelden und Sie Facebook gestattet haben, Ihre Profilinformationen an uns weiterzugeben, können wir diese Informationen erfassen. Die Informationen, die wir von Ihren Social-Media-Konten erhalten, umfassen E-Mail-Adresse, Vor- und Nachname, Ort (Heimatstadt und Land), Geschlecht, Geburtsdatum, Likes, Interessen, Anzahl an Verbindungen, Beruf, Posts oder andere soziale Aktivitäten. Die Informationen, die Ihre Social-Media-Plattform uns über Ihr Social-Media-Konto bereitstellt, können sich von Zeit zu Zeit ändern. Bitte überprüfen Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen Ihres Social-Media-Kontos, um zu kontrollieren, welche Informationen an uns weitergegeben werden.
Nach oben
3. WIE IHRE INFORMATIONEN VERWENDET WERDEN
Wir verwenden Informationen über Sie auf folgende Weise:
A.    Wir verarbeiten Daten für die folgenden Zwecke im gesetzlich zulässigen Umfang (basierend auf unseren berechtigten Interessen):
um unsere Website zu verwalten und für interne Tätigkeiten, einschließlich für Fehlerbehebungs-, Datenanalyse-, Sicherheits-, Test-, Forschungs-, statistische und Umfragezwecke;
Bereitstellung von Informationen über andere Waren und Dienstleistungen, die wir anbieten und die denen ähneln, die Sie bereits gekauft haben oder zu denen Sie Anfragen gestellt haben;
Bereitstellung der neuesten Informationen und Angebote in Bezug auf Gesundheit und Fitness, wenn Sie außerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (der „EWR“), des Vereinigten Königreichs oder Brasiliens leben, es sei denn, Sie entscheiden sich dafür (siehe Marketing-Abmeldung);
Anpassung Ihrer Erfahrung auf der Website an Sie persönlich;
Bereitstellung zielgerichteter Werbung über von Ihnen besuchte Websites zu Waren oder Dienstleistungen (oder um Dritten zu gestatten, diese bereitzustellen), die für Sie interessant sein könnten (weitere Informationen dazu finden Sie unten im Abschnitt „Offenlegung Ihrer Daten“ und in unserer Cookie-Richtlinie
hier
und der Cookie-Erklärung
hier
), und um die Wirksamkeit dieser Werbung zu bewerten oder zu verstehen.  In ähnlicher Weise können wir Ihre Daten auch verwenden, um Sie von einigen gezielten Werbegruppen auszuschließen, z. B. wenn wir bereits wissen, dass Sie Les Mills abonnieren, können wir keine Werbung an Sie senden, die neue Abonnenten wirbt; oder
um den Fortschritt und die Anzahl der Teilnahmen an Wettbewerben und Werbeaktionen zu verfolgen.
B.    Wir verarbeiten Daten im gesetzlich zulässigen Umfang, wenn dies notwendig ist, um unseren Vertrag mit Ihnen zu erfüllen:
Wir erheben, speichern und verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, einschließlich Ihres Namens, Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse, Ihrer Anmeldeinformationen und Ihrer Zahlungsinformationen sowie Informationen darüber, wie Sie die Dienste nutzen und auf die Dienste zugreifen, weil dies erforderlich ist, um die Dienste, die Sie gemäß dem zwischen Ihnen und uns bei Ihrer Zustimmung zu unseren Nutzungsbedingungen geschlossenen Vertrag angefordert haben, zu erbringen. Dies umfasst:
o    Ihnen die Dienste zur Verfügung stellen;
o    Dienste bereitstellen, die Sie anfordern und auf Ihre Anfragen antworten;
o    Dienste verwalten und Ihre Zahlung abwickeln, wenn Sie Dienste von uns kaufen (einschließlich insbesondere des Einsatzes von externen Dienstleistern zur Abwicklung solcher Zahlung);
o    Sie über Änderungen an unseren Diensten informieren; und
o    Dienst- und Kontoverwaltungsanforderungen, wie z. B., wenn wir Sie aus Gründen im Zusammenhang mit den Diensten kontaktieren müssen (zum Beispiel, wenn wir Ihnen eine Passworterinnerung senden müssen, um Sie über Aktualisierungen der Dienste oder Änderungen unserer Nutzungsbedingungen oder dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie zu informieren).
C.    Wir verarbeiten Daten für die folgenden Zwecke basierend auf Ihrer Einwilligung:
um sich an interaktiven Funktionen unseres Dienstes zu beteiligen, wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden.  Dies umfasst alle Kontaktformulare oder Funktionen öffentlicher Foren, die wir auf unserer Website bereitstellen, zum Beispiel Community-Foren, Einstellung von Kommentaren oder Chat-Funktionen.
Bereitstellung der neuesten Informationen und Angebote in Bezug auf Gesundheit und Fitness, wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (der „EWR“), dem Vereinigten Königreich oder Brasilien leben.
D.    Wir verarbeiten Daten, wenn dies erforderlich ist, um unsere rechtlichen Anforderungen zu erfüllen.
Zum Beispiel:
o    Wenn Sie ein kostenpflichtiges Abonnement für die Nutzung der Dienste haben und im EWR leben, sind wir gesetzlich verpflichtet, Ihnen zu gestatten, die Dienste einzusehen, wenn Sie ein anderes Land im EWR besuchen.
o    Wenn wir eine Informationsanfrage von einer Aufsichtsbehörde erhalten, müssen wir möglicherweise auch Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten, um auf diese Anfrage zu antworten.
Nach oben
4. OFFENLEGUNG IHRER DATEN
Dienstleister
Für einige der Zwecke, für die wir personenbezogene Daten verwenden (siehe oben), beauftragen wir einen Dritten. Wenn ein solcher Dritter Zugriff auf personenbezogene Daten benötigt, um seine Aufgabe auszuführen, geben wir die Daten im gesetzlich zulässigen Umfang an ihn weiter, stellen dabei jedoch sicher, dass der Dritte die Daten nur gemäß unseren Anweisungen verwendet. Diese Dritten sind Datenverarbeiter, die in unserem Auftrag handeln, und wir bleiben für Ihre Daten verantwortlich.
Wir beauftragen Unternehmen, die uns Dienstleistungen bereitstellen (einschließlich Les Mills Companies), wie Anbieter, Dienstleister und andere Partner, die unser Geschäft weltweit unterstützen.  Diese Dritten erbringen Dienstleistungen, wie z. B. die Bereitstellung technischer Infrastrukturdienste, die Analyse der Nutzung unserer Dienstleistungen, die Messung der Effektivität von Werbeanzeigen und Dienstleistungen, die Bereitstellung von Kundendienstleistungen, die Abwicklung von Zahlungen oder die Durchführung von akademischer Forschung und Umfragen. Diese Partner müssen strenge Vertraulichkeitspflichten einhalten, die mit dieser Richtlinie und den Vereinbarungen, die wir mit ihnen schließen, im Einklang stehen.
Analysen und Werbetreibende
Wenn wir das Recht haben, dies gemäß den geltenden Vorschriften zu personenbezogenen Daten zu tun, geben wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an folgende Personen weiter:
Analyse- und Suchmaschinenanbieter wie AWS und Google Analytics, die uns bei der Verbesserung und Optimierung unserer Website helfen.  Wir möchten, dass unsere Website und Werbung so relevant und interessant wie möglich für Sie sind.
Werbeunternehmen und Werbenetzwerke, die die Daten benötigen, um relevante Werbung auszuwählen und Ihnen und anderen, einschließlich einer Zielgruppe, bereitzustellen. Diese dritten Werbeunternehmen erheben, speichern und verwenden Daten, indem sie Cookies und andere Tracking-Software auf unseren Diensten integrieren. In einigen Fällen verwenden diese Dritten die Daten, die sie erheben, auch für ihre eigenen Zwecke. Sie können ihre Daten zum Beispiel mit anderen Daten, die sie besitzen, zusammenfassen und diese zusammengefassten Daten dann verwenden, um werbebezogene Dienstleistungen zu erbringen, die anderen Kunden bereitgestellt werden und können mit anderen Werbeunternehmen zusammenarbeiten und erhobene Informationen im Rahmen dieses Prozesses an solche Unternehmen weitergeben.  Weitere Informationen zu den dritten Werbeunternehmen, die Daten über sie erheben, verwenden, verarbeiten und speichern sowie zum Einsatz von Cookies und anderen Tracking-Technologien auf unseren Diensten entnehmen Sie bitte unserer Cookie-Richtlinie
hier
und Cookie-Erklärung
hier
.
Social Media oder andere ähnliche Plattformen, damit wir Ihnen über diese Plattform relevante Inhalte bereitstellen können, oder um sicherzustellen, dass Sie keine Inhalte erhalten, die nicht relevant für Sie sind. Wir können zum Beispiel Ihre E-Mail-Adresse an Facebook weitergeben, sodass wir sie in eine angepasste Zielgruppe aufnehmen (oder ausschließen) können, der wir (oder ein Dritter in unserem Namen) auf Facebook Inhalte bereitstellen, oder wir können auf Grundlage der Informationen in Ihrem Facebook-Profil eine Zielgruppe anderer Facebook-Benutzer erstellen.
Andere Dritte
Wenn wir das Recht haben, dies gemäß den geltenden Vorschriften zu personenbezogenen Daten zu tun, werden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch an folgende Personen weitergeben:
Les Mills Companies
an folgende ausgewählte Dritte:
o    Geschäftspartner, autorisierte Vertriebshändler und Les Mills-lizenzierte Studios, die uns Dienstleistungen bereitstellen, durch die wir den mit Ihnen abgeschlossenen Vertrag erfüllen können, und/oder um Ihnen Informationen über Werbeaktionen und Angebote bereitzustellen, oder für andere im obigen Abschnitt „Wie Ihre Informationen verwendet werden“ beschriebene Zwecke;
o    Wirtschaftsauskunfteien zum Zwecke der Bewertung Ihrer Bonität, wenn dies eine Voraussetzung für den Abschluss eines Vertrags mit Ihnen ist.
Offenlegung unter bestimmten Umständen
Wir werden, wenn wir das Recht haben, dies gemäß den geltenden Vorschriften zu personenbezogenen Daten zu tun, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch unter den folgenden Umständen an Dritte weitergeben:
Wenn wir Geschäfte oder Vermögenswerte verkaufen oder kaufen; in diesem Fall legen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten dem potenziellen Verkäufer oder Käufer dieses Geschäfts oder dieser Vermögenswerte offen, sofern dies gesetzlich zulässig ist.
Wenn LMM oder im Wesentlichen alle seine Vermögenswerte von einem Dritten akquiriert werden; in diesem Fall sind die personenbezogenen Daten, die LMM von seinen Kunden besitzt, einer der übertragenen Vermögenswerte.
Wenn wir verpflichtet sind, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten offenzulegen oder weiterzugeben, um einer gesetzlichen Verpflichtung nachzukommen.
Um unsere Nutzungsbedingungen für die Website (
www.lesmills.com/terms-of-usewebsite-terms
) durchzusetzen oder anzuwenden, einschließlich der Nutzungsbedingungen für die LES MILLS+ App (im App Store angezeigt, wenn Sie sie herunterladen) oder
Kauf
bedingungen und anderer Vereinbarungen; oder um die Rechte, das Eigentum oder die Sicherheit von Les Mills Company, unseren Kunden oder anderen zu schützen. Dies umfasst den Austausch von Informationen mit anderen Unternehmen und Organisationen zum Zwecke des Schutzes vor Betrug und zur Reduzierung des Kreditrisikos;
Wenn Sie anderweitig Ihre entsprechende Einwilligung erteilt haben.
Nach oben
5. WO WIR IHRE INFORMATIONEN SPEICHERN UND INTERNATIONALE ÜBERMITTLUNGEN
Einzelpersonen (insbesondere im EWR oder im Vereinigten Königreich) sollten sich bewusst sein, dass wir und andere dritte Empfänger ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, wie z. B. die Les Mills Companies oder unsere Dienstleister, nicht innerhalb Ihres Rechtsraums oder innerhalb des EWR oder Vereinigten Königreichs ansässig sind und wir Ihre Daten ggf. an diese Standorte übertragen.
Personenbezogene Daten können beispielsweise im Zusammenhang mit oben genannten Zwecken an die Les Mills Group Companies in Neuseeland übertragen werden. Unser Videoplattformanbieter (Vimeo) und unsere E-Commerce-Plattform (Magento) sind in den USA ansässig. Daher können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in die USA übertragen werden. Wenn wir Ihre Daten an einen Dritten in einem anderen Land übermitteln, werden Maßnahmen ergriffen, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in einer Weise zu schützen, die mit den geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen übereinstimmt, einschließlich (falls zutreffend) der EU-Verordnung 2016/679 (die „
DSGVO
“), der DSGVO, wie sie im Vereinigten Königreich gesetzlich berücksichtigt wird, und dem UK Data Protection Act 2018. Diese Schritte können Folgendes umfassen:
Sicherstellung, dass ein Angemessenheitsbeschluss der Europäischen Kommission im Falle von Übermittlungen aus dem EWR oder der britischen Regierung im Falle von Übermittlungen aus dem Vereinigten Königreich vorliegt, was bedeutet, dass das Empfängerland einen angemessenen Schutz für solche personenbezogenen Daten bieten muss;
Einrichtung von Standardmodell-Vertragsvereinbarungen mit dem Empfänger, die von der Europäischen Kommission (oder der britischen Regierung für Transfers aus dem Vereinigten Königreich) genehmigt wurden. Diese Mustervertragsklauseln enthalten bestimmte Sicherheitsvorkehrungen zum Schutz der personenbezogenen Daten, und
Treffen alle angemessenen Vorkehrungen, um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten sicher und in Übereinstimmung mit dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie behandelt werden.
Nach oben
6. DATENSPEICHERUNG
Wir speichern die von uns erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten nur, wenn wir sie benötigen, um berechtigte Geschäftsanforderungen zu unterstützen oder wenn unsere rechtmäßigen Zwecke für die Verwendung der Informationen eine Speicherung erfordern. Wenn wir die personenbezogenen Daten nicht mehr benötigen, löschen und/oder archivieren wir bzw. unsere dritten Lieferanten die Informationen auf sichere Weise. Weitere Informationen darüber, wo und wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gespeichert werden, sowie weitere Informationen über Ihre Rechte auf Löschung und Datenübertragbarkeit erhalten siehe „Ihre Rechte“ unten.
Nach oben
7. SICHERHEIT IHRER INFORMATIONEN
Wir verfügen über physische, technische und administrative Schutzmaßnahmen, um den Datenschutz und die Sicherheit der persönlich identifizierbaren Informationen, die Sie über die Nutzung unserer Website und unserer Portale übermitteln, zu gewährleisten. Alle Informationen, die Sie uns bereitstellen, werden auf unseren sicheren Servern oder auf den sicheren Servern oder sicheren Diensten, die in unserem Auftrag von Dritten kontrolliert werden, gespeichert (siehe „Offenlegung Ihrer Daten“ oben). Alle Zahlungstransaktionen werden mit SSL-Technologie verschlüsselt. Wenn wir Ihnen ein Passwort gegeben haben (oder Sie ein Passwort gewählt haben), mit dem Sie auf bestimmte Teile unserer Website zugreifen können, sind Sie dafür verantwortlich, dieses Passwort vertraulich zu behandeln.
Wir aktualisieren und testen unsere Sicherheitstechnologie laufend. Wir beschränken den Zugang zu Ihren personenbezogenen Daten auf Mitarbeiter, die diese Informationen kennen müssen, um Ihnen Leistungen oder Dienstleistungen bereitzustellen. Darüber hinaus schulen wir unsere Mitarbeiter hinsichtlich der Bedeutung der Vertraulichkeit und der Wahrung des Datenschutzes und der Sicherheit Ihrer Informationen. Wir verpflichten uns, angemessene Disziplinarmaßnahmen zu ergreifen, um die Verantwortlichkeiten unserer Mitarbeiter in Bezug auf den Datenschutz durchzusetzen.
Leider ist die Übertragung von Informationen über das Internet nicht vollständig sicher. Wir schützen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zwar nach bestem Bemühen, können die Sicherheit Ihrer an unsere Website übertragenen Daten jedoch nicht garantieren, und Übertragungen erfolgen auf Ihre eigene Gefahr. Nach dem Erhalt Ihrer Informationen wenden wir strenge Verfahren und Sicherheitsfunktionen an, um zu versuchen, den unbefugten Zugriff zu verhindern.
Weitere Informationen zu den Maßnahmen, die wir in diesen Fällen zum Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten ergreifen, erhalten Sie, indem Sie uns jederzeit per E-Mail unter
privacy@lesmills.com
kontaktieren.
Nach oben
8. VERLINKTE WEBSITES
Die Website kann Links zu anderen Websites enthalten. Wir sind nicht für die Zuverlässigkeit der Inhalte oder für die Datenschutzpraktiken solcher anderen Websites verantwortlich.
Nach oben
9. ÖFFENTLICHE FOREN
Wir können Ihnen über die Website Chat-Funktionen, Instant Messaging, Message Boards, Community-Foren und/oder Nachrichtengruppen bereitstellen. Bitte denken Sie daran, dass Informationen, die Sie in öffentlichen Bereichen der Website offenlegen, öffentliche Informationen werden, die der Öffentlichkeit zugänglich sind. Wir beabsichtigen nicht (behalten uns aber das Recht vor), Inhalte von Benutzereinträgen zu überwachen, zu moderieren oder zu untersuchen. Wir übernehmen keine Verantwortung für solche Inhalte, und Sie sollten genau überlegen, ob Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten über öffentliche oder private Foren auf der Website offenlegen möchten.
Nach oben
10. KINDER
Wir erheben nicht wissentlich Informationen von Kindern unter 13 Jahren (oder des entsprechenden Alters, ab dem in Ihrem Rechtsraum eine gültige Einwilligung erteilt werden kann, sofern abweichend), und die Website und die App richten sich nicht an unter 13-Jährige (oder des entsprechenden Alters, ab dem in Ihrem Rechtsraum eine gültige Einwilligung erteilt werden kann, sofern abweichend).  Wir ermutigen Eltern und Erziehungsberechtigte, eine aktive Rolle in den Online-Aktivitäten und Interessen ihrer Kinder zu übernehmen.
Bitte kontaktieren Sie uns unter privacy@lesmills.com, wenn Sie wissen, dass wir versehentlich personenbezogene Daten von einem Kind erhoben haben.
Nach oben
11. VERLORENE ODER GESTOHLENE INFORMATIONEN
Sie dürfen Ihren Benutzernamen oder Ihr Passwort niemandem weitergeben und sollten diese Informationen sicher aufbewahren.  Bitte benachrichtigen Sie uns per E-Mail an
support@lesmillsplus.com
umgehend, wenn Ihr Benutzername oder Passwort verloren geht, gestohlen wird oder ohne Genehmigung verwendet wird. Nach Ihrer Benachrichtigung sperren wir diesen Benutzernamen oder dieses Passwort und aktualisieren unsere Unterlagen entsprechend.  Wir empfehlen Ihnen, verschiedene Passwörter für alle Ihre Online-Konten zu verwenden.
Nach oben
12. OPTION ZUR ABLEHNUNG DES MARKETINGS
Wenn Sie nicht im Vereinigten Königreich oder EWR leben, haben Sie das Recht, unsere Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten für Marketingmitteilungen abzulehnen (sog. Opt-out). Wenn Sie dies tun, wird Ihr Name in unseren Unterlagen markiert, sodass Sie in Zukunft von jeglichen Kontaktaufnahmen dieser Art ausgeschlossen werden, es sei denn, Sie fordern später eine zukünftige Kontaktaufnahme an oder stimmen dieser zu.
Wenn Sie im Vereinigten Königreich, in Brasilien oder dem EWR leben, müssen Sie sich für Marketingmitteilungen von uns anmelden (oder sie erlauben), und Sie können diese Einwilligung auf die gleiche Weise widerrufen, wie dies unten angegeben ist, sowie über die unter „Widerruf der Einwilligung“ unten angegebene Methode.
Sie haben folgende Möglichkeiten für ein „Opt-out“:
Verwendung der Kontaktdaten, die Ihnen in unseren Mitteilungen für diesen Zweck bereitgestellt werden;
Verwendung der Option „Abonnement kündigen“ am Ende elektronischer Mitteilungen, die wir Ihnen senden oder
jederzeit per E-Mail an privacy@lesmills.com.
Nach oben
13. IHRE RECHTE
Abhängig von Ihrem Wohnsitzland haben Sie möglicherweise bestimmte Rechte an Ihren personenbezogenen Daten.
Recht auf Zugang
Sie haben ggf. das Recht, Zugang zu bestimmten personenbezogenen Daten zu beantragen, die wir über Sie besitzen, einschließlich Informationen, die wir für Direktmarketingzwecke an unsere Konzerngesellschaften weitergegeben haben, vorbehaltlich bestimmter Bedingungen und begrenzter Ausnahmen, die in relevanten Datenschutzgesetzen festgelegt sind.
Wenn Sie dies tun möchten, senden Sie bitte eine E-Mail an
privacy@lesmills.com
, und in dem Umfang, in dem wir nach geltendem Recht dazu verpflichtet sind, werden wir Ihre Anfrage bearbeiten.
Wir sind Ihnen gegenüber in Bezug auf Ihre Anfrage so offen wie möglich. Im gesetzlich zulässigen Umfang haben wir manchmal jedoch möglicherweise keine personenbezogenen Daten über Sie gespeichert oder müssen Ihnen personenbezogene Daten vorenthalten. Dies kann auftreten, wenn es sich bei den Daten nicht um personenbezogene Daten über Sie handelt, wenn sie geschäftlich vertraulich sind, wenn sie rechtlich geschützt sind, wenn sie sich auf die personenbezogenen Daten einer anderen Person beziehen oder wenn die Freigabe der Daten die Sicherheit unserer Mitarbeiter oder Kunden beeinträchtigen kann. Unter diesen Umständen halten wir die Informationen zurück, erklären Ihnen jedoch, warum.
Recht auf Korrektur
Sie können verlangen, dass wir Ihre von uns gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten korrigieren (berichtigen), wenn sie falsch oder nicht mehr aktuell sind.
Widerruf der Einwilligung
Wenn wir uns für unsere Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf eine bestimmte Weise auf Ihre Einwilligung stützen, Sie jedoch zu einem späteren Zeitpunkt Ihre Meinung ändern, können Sie Ihre Einwilligung zurückziehen, indem Sie uns unter
privacy@lesmills.com
kontaktieren, und wir werden die entsprechende Verwendung einstellen. Wenn Sie Ihre Einwilligung widerrufen, kann sich dies jedoch auf unsere Fähigkeit auswirken, Ihnen unsere Dienste bereitzustellen (beispielsweise können wir Ihnen möglicherweise keine Marketinginformationen bereitstellen).
Sonstige Rechte
Einwohner des EWR, der Schweiz, des Vereinigten Königreichs und Brasiliens können auch besondere zusätzliche Rechte gemäß den Datenschutzgesetzen im EWR/der Europäischen Union, der Schweiz, dem Vereinigten Königreich und Brasilien haben, einschließlich des Rechts:
folgende Informationen anzufordern: die Existenz und der Zweck der Verarbeitung; die Kategorien der betroffenen personenbezogenen Daten; wer die Daten außerhalb der Les Mills Companies möglicherweise von uns erhalten hat; von welcher Quelle die Informationen stammen (wenn Sie sie uns nicht direkt bereitgestellt haben) und wie lange sie gespeichert werden;
Informationen über die Möglichkeit der Verweigerung der Verarbeitung zu erhalten, die auf Ihrer Einwilligung beruht (und die Folgen davon), sowie Löschung personenbezogener Daten, deren Nutzung durch uns Sie zuvor zugestimmt haben (vorausgesetzt, wir benötigen sie nur für diese Zwecke);
zu verlangen, dass wir diese Daten löschen oder die Verarbeitung dieser Daten einstellen, vorbehaltlich bestimmter Ausnahmen;
zu verlangen, dass wir unnötige oder übermäßige personenbezogene Daten anonymisieren, blockieren oder löschen, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, die unter Nichteinhaltung des Gesetzes verarbeitet werden.  Selbstverständlich beabsichtigen wir, personenbezogene Daten niemals zu stark zu erfassen und das Gesetz einzuhalten;
Entscheidungen zu überprüfen, die wir möglicherweise aufgrund der automatischen Datenverarbeitung getroffen haben;
uns aufzufordern, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht für die berechtigten Interessen zu verarbeiten, die wir oben festgelegt haben. Unter bestimmten Umständen können wir möglicherweise nicht aufhören, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu verwenden, aber in diesem Fall informieren wir Sie darüber und geben Ihnen eine Begründung;
die personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie uns bereitgestellt haben, in strukturiertem, gängigem und maschinenlesbarem Format zu erhalten und diese Daten an einen anderen Verantwortlichen zu übermitteln, und
eine Beschwerde bei der zuständigen Datenschutzbehörde einzureichen, wenn Sie Bedenken bezüglich unserer Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten haben.  Die lokale Behörde unterscheidet sich je nach Land.  Alternativ können Sie über die Gerichte ein Rechtsmittel ersuchen, wenn Sie glauben, dass Ihre Rechte verletzt wurden.
Wenn Sie von Ihrem Recht auf Löschung Gebrauch machen möchten, klicken Sie
hier
. Wenn Sie eines Ihrer anderen Rechte ausüben möchten, senden Sie Ihre Anfrage bitte an
privacy@lesmills.com
.
Nach oben
14. ERKLÄRUNG FÜR EINWOHNER KALIFORNIENS
Dieser Abschnitt gilt nur für Personen mit Wohnsitz in Kalifornien gemäß dem California Consumer Privacy Act von 2018 („CCPA“) und anderen kalifornischen Datenschutzgesetzen (zusammen „kalifornische Gesetze“).
Nachstehend finden Sie eine Zusammenfassung der personenbezogenen Daten, wie dieser Begriff im CCPA definiert ist, die LES MILLS+ in den vergangenen zwölf Monaten möglicherweise erhoben hat, den Grund, warum wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, woher wir die personenbezogenen Daten erhalten, die wir über Sie erheben, und die Dritten, an die wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben, die gemäß kalifornischem Recht kategorisiert und beschrieben werden.
Kategorie der Informationen:
Kennungen (wie Kontoname, Geräte-ID, E-Mail-Adresse, IP-Adresse usw
.)
Informationsquellen:
Wir erfassen Kennungen, wenn Sie sich für die Nutzung unserer Website registrieren und unsere Dienste abonnieren.
Zweck der Datenerhebung:
Wir erfassen Kennungen, um mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren, Ihnen Informationen über andere von uns angebotene Waren und Dienstleistungen bereitzustellen und unsere Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen durchzusetzen
Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben:
Wir geben Kennungen an Dienstleister und andere Dritte weiter, um den mit Ihnen abgeschlossenen Vertrag zu erfüllen und Ihnen unsere Dienstleistungen zu erbringen und Ihnen Informationen über andere Waren und Dienstleistungen bereitzustellen.
Kategorie der Informationen:
Daten von Kunden aus Kalifornien
(wie Adresse, Name, Telefonnummer)
Informationsquellen:
Wir erfassen personenbezogene Daten, wenn Sie sich für die Nutzung unserer Website registrieren und unsere Dienste abonnieren.
Zweck der Datenerhebung:
Wir erfassen personenbezogene Daten, um mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren, Ihnen Informationen über andere von uns angebotene Waren und Dienstleistungen bereitzustellen und unsere Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen durchzusetzen
Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben:
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an Dienstleister und andere Dritte weiter, um den mit Ihnen abgeschlossenen Vertrag zu erfüllen, um Ihnen unsere Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen und um Ihnen Informationen über andere Waren und Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen.
Kategorie der Informationen:
Kommerzielle Informationen (wie z. B. gekaufte, erhaltene oder in Betracht gezogene Produkte oder Dienstleistungen oder andere Kauf- oder Konsumverläufe oder -neigungen)
Informationsquellen:
Wir erfassen kommerzielle Informationen über Ihre Registrierung zur Nutzung unserer Website und abonnieren unsere Dienste von anderen Les Mills-Websites, anderen Dritten, unserer App (wenn Sie sie herunterladen) und sozialen Medien wie oben angegeben.
Zweck der Datenerhebung:
Wir erfassen kommerzielle Informationen, um Ihnen unsere Dienstleistungen zu erbringen, den Vertrag, den wir mit Ihnen abschließen, zu erfüllen und um Ihre Erfahrung auf der Website zu personalisieren.
Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben:
Wir geben kommerzielle Informationen an Dienstleister und andere Dritte weiter, um den Vertrag, den wir mit Ihnen abschließen, zu erfüllen und Ihnen unsere Dienstleistungen zu erbringen und Ihnen Informationen über andere Waren und Dienstleistungen wie oben angegeben zur Verfügung zu stellen.
Kategorie der Informationen:
Informationen zu Internet-/Netzwerkaktivitäten (z. B. Website-, Anwendungs- oder Anzeigenverlauf)
Informationsquellen:
Wir erfassen elektronische Netzwerkaktivitätsdaten automatisch durch Ihre Nutzung unserer Website, von anderen Les Mills-Websites, anderen Dritten und sozialen Medien, wie oben angegeben.
Zweck der Datenerhebung:
Wir erfassen elektronische Netzwerkaktivitätsdaten, um mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren, Ihnen Informationen über andere von uns angebotene Waren und Dienstleistungen bereitzustellen und unsere Geschäftsbedingungen durchzusetzen.
Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergebenInformationsquellen:
Wir geben elektronische Netzwerkaktivitätsdaten an Dienstleister und andere Dritte weiter, um den Vertrag, den wir mit Ihnen abschließen, zu erfüllen und Rechtswegen zu entsprechen.
Kategorie der Informationen:
Geolokalisierungsdaten
Informationsquellen:
Wir erfassen Geolokalisierungsdaten durch Ihre Registrierung, damit Sie unsere Website nutzen und unsere Dienste abonnieren können.
Zweck der Datenerhebung:
Wir erfassen Geolokalisierungsdaten, um Ihnen unsere Dienstleistungen zu erbringen und den Vertrag zu erfüllen, den wir mit Ihnen abschließen
Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergebenInformationsquellen:
Wir geben Geolokalisierungsdaten an Dienstleister und andere Dritte weiter, wie oben beschrieben, um mit Ihrer Zustimmung Rechtswege einzuhalten, den Vertrag, den wir mit Ihnen abschließen, zu erfüllen, Ihnen unsere Dienstleistungen zu erbringen, Ihnen Informationen über andere Waren und Dienstleistungen bereitzustellen sowie zu anderen oben genannten Zwecken.
Nach kalifornischen Gesetzen haben Einwohner Kaliforniens die unten aufgeführten Rechte. Einwohner Kaliforniens können ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben, indem sie uns unter support@lesmillsplus.com kontaktieren.  Wir müssen Ihre Identität überprüfen, bevor wir Ihre Anfrage bearbeiten. Um Ihre Identität zu überprüfen, benötigen wir in der Regel entweder die erfolgreiche Anmeldung in Ihrem Konto oder die Zuordnung ausreichender Daten, die Sie uns mit den Daten bereitstellen, die wir über Sie in unseren Systemen speichern. Obwohl wir versuchen, die im Zusammenhang mit einer Anfrage zur Ausübung des Auskunftsrechts und des Rechts auf Löschung erfassten personenbezogenen Daten einzuschränken, können bestimmte Anfragen von uns verlangen, zusätzliche personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen zu erhalten. Unter bestimmten Umständen können wir eine Anfrage zur Ausübung des Rechts auf Auskunft und Löschung ablehnen, insbesondere wenn wir Ihre Identität nicht überprüfen können.
Ihr Recht auf Zugriff und Löschung ist nicht absolut und unterliegt bestimmten Ausnahmen. Beispielsweise können wir bestimmte personenbezogene Daten nicht offenlegen, wenn die Offenlegung ein erhebliches, ausdrückliches und unangemessenes Risiko für die Sicherheit der personenbezogenen Daten, Ihr Konto bei uns oder die Sicherheit der Systeme oder Netzwerke des Unternehmens darstellen würde.
Einwohner Kaliforniens haben das Recht, die Offenlegung folgender Daten zu verlangen: (i) die
Kategorien
personenbezogener Daten, die wir über sie erhoben haben, (ii) die Kategorien von
Quellen,
aus denen personenbezogene Daten erhoben werden, (iii) den
geschäftlichen oder kommerziellen Zweck für die Erfassung von Daten
, (iv) die Kategorien von
Dritten,
an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergegeben haben, und (v) die
spezifischen Teile
personenbezogener Daten, die wir über eine Person besitzen.
Einwohner Kaliforniens haben das Recht, ihre personenbezogenen Daten löschen zu lassen, es sei denn, die personenbezogenen Daten sind für das Unternehmen oder den Dienstleister erforderlich, um:
o	eine Transaktion abzuschließen, für die die personenbezogenen Daten erhoben wurden, eine vom Verbraucher angeforderte Ware oder Dienstleistung bereitzustellen oder anderweitig einen Vertrag zwischen dem Unternehmen und dem Verbraucher zu erfüllen;
o	Sicherheitsvorfälle zu erkennen;
o	vor böswilligen, irreführenden, betrügerischen oder illegalen Aktivitäten zu schützen (oder       Strafverfolgung der Verantwortlichen);
o	Debugging zur Identifizierung und Reparatur von Funktionsfehlern vorzunehmen;
o	das Recht einer anderen Person zur Ausübung von Redefreiheit oder eines anderen Rechts auszuüben oder       sicherzustellen;
o	den California Electronic Communications Privacy Act einzuhalten, der die Erstellung von elektronischen       Kommunikationsinformationen oder elektronischen Geräteinformationen oder den Zugriff darauf mit einem Durchsuchungsbefehl erzwingt;
o	sich an Forschungsarbeiten im öffentlichen Interesse zu beteiligen (wenn der Verbraucher seine Einwilligung erteilt hat);
o	ausschließlich interne Nutzungen zu ermöglichen, die mit den Erwartungen des Verbrauchers im Hinblick auf seine Beziehung zum Unternehmen übereinstimmen;
o	einer gesetzlichen Verpflichtung nachzukommen, oder
o	anderweitig die Informationen intern auf rechtmäßige Weise zu verwenden, die mit dem Kontext vereinbar ist, in dem der Verbraucher sie bereitgestellt hat.
Einwohner Kaliforniens haben das Recht, dem Verkauf ihrer personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte zu widersprechen. Nach kalifornischem Recht kann die Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten in Bezug auf das Marketing und den Zugriff auf unsere Online-Dienste an bestimmte Dritte einen „Verkauf“ gemäß der Definition dieses Begriffs durch den CCPA darstellen. Sie können sich von der Weitergabe solcher Informationen in Ihrem Browser abmelden, indem Sie auf den Link „Meine Informationen nicht verkaufen“ in der Fußzeile unserer Homepage klicken.
Wir werden Sie nicht für die Ausübung Ihrer CCPA-Rechte diskriminieren. Sofern nicht durch den CCPA gestattet, werden wir Ihnen keine Waren oder Dienstleistungen verweigern, Ihnen unterschiedliche Preise oder Gebühren für Waren oder Dienstleistungen berechnen, einschließlich durch Gewährung von Rabatten oder anderen Vorteilen oder durch Auferlegen von Strafen, Ihnen ein anderes Niveau oder eine andere Qualität von Waren oder Dienstleistungen anbieten, oder suggerieren, dass Sie einen anderen Preis oder Gebühren für Waren oder Dienstleistungen oder ein anderes Niveau oder eine andere Qualität von Waren und Dienstleistungen erhalten können.
Unter bestimmten Umständen können Sie einen bevollmächtigten Vertreter benennen, um Anfragen zur Ausübung bestimmter Datenschutzrechte in Ihrem Namen einzureichen.  Wir benötigen eine Bestätigung, dass Sie dem bevollmächtigten Vertreter die Erlaubnis erteilt haben, in Ihrem Namen eine Anfrage zu stellen. Sie müssen uns eine Kopie der unterzeichneten Genehmigung vorlegen, die Sie dem bevollmächtigten Vertreter erteilt haben, um die Anfrage in Ihrem Namen einzureichen und Ihre eigene Identität direkt bei uns zu verifizieren.
Gemäß den Abschnitten 1798.83 bis 1798.84 des kalifornischen Zivilgesetzbuches, auch bekannt als „Shine the Light Law“, sind alle unsere Benutzer, die in Kalifornien ansässig sind, berechtigt, einmal jährlich kostenlos eine Mitteilung von uns anzufordern und zu erhalten, in der beschrieben wird, welche Kategorien personenbezogener Kundendaten (falls vorhanden) wir im vorangegangenen Kalenderjahr für ihre Direktmarketingzwecke an Dritte oder verbundene Unternehmen weitergegeben haben. Gegebenenfalls werden in der Mitteilung die Kategorien der weitergegebenen Informationen, die Namen und Adressen der Dritten und verbundenen Unternehmen, an die Informationen weitergegeben wurden, angegeben. Wenn Sie in Kalifornien ansässig sind und eine Kopie dieser Mitteilung anfordern möchten, senden Sie bitte eine schriftliche Anfrage an die folgende Adresse: CCPA@lesmills.com. Bitte geben Sie in Ihrer Anfrage an, dass Sie eine „Datenschutzerklärung für Kalifornien (California Privacy Rights Notice)“ wünschen. Bitte geben Sie uns mindestens dreißig Tage Zeit für eine Antwort.
Nach oben
15. KONTAKT
Um Ihre Opt-out-Rechte auszuüben, auf Ihre Benutzerinformationen zuzugreifen, weitere Informationen über diese Datenschutzrichtlinie zu erhalten oder uns über andere Angelegenheiten bezüglich Ihrer Erfahrungen mit LMM oder der Website zu informieren, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte per Post oder E-Mail unter:
Les Mills Media Limited, 200 Victoria Street West, Auckland 1010, Neuseeland
E-Mail:
privacy@lesmills.com
Nach oben
16. ÄNDERUNGEN DIESER RICHTLINIE
Wir können diese Datenschutzrichtlinie jederzeit aktualisieren oder ändern. Wir informieren Sie über Änderungen, indem wir eine aktualisierte Richtlinie auf unserer Website veröffentlichen und Sie (wenn angemessen) per Post oder E-Mail kontaktieren. Solche Änderung wird unmittelbar nach der Veröffentlichung auf der Website wirksam.  Wenn dies nach geltendem Recht erforderlich ist, werden wir Ihre Zustimmung zu solchen Änderungen einholen und Ihnen die Möglichkeit geben, Ihr Abonnement zu kündigen.
Nach oben
17. SPRACHE
Diese Richtlinie kann in andere Sprachen übersetzt werden. Sie stimmen zu, dass bei Widersprüchen zwischen der Übersetzung und dieser Richtlinie die englische Sprache Vorrang hat.
Nach oben
POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD DE LES MILLS+
Última actualización 11 Marzo, 2024
Les Mills Media Limited (“LMM”, “nos”, “nuestro/a” o “nosotros/as”), una empresa constituida en Nueva Zelanda con su dirección en 200 Victoria Street West, Auckland 1010, Nueva Zelanda, opera el sitio web lesmillsondemand.com (incluido todo el contenido y funcionalidad disponibles a través del nombre de dominio de lesmillsondemand.com y cualquier dominio o subdominio específico de la región o región) y la aplicación LES MILLS+ (denominados conjuntamente el “sitio”).
LMM se compromete a garantizar la privacidad y protección de la información que nos proporcionan los usuarios. La siguiente política de privacidad rige las prácticas de LMM para la recogida, utilización, tratamiento, divulgación, transferencia y conservación en el sitio. Esta política debe leerse con cualquier otra política o términos desarrollados por LMM cada cierto tiempo y notificados en el sitio o en cualquier parte del sitio (incluidos los Términos de uso de LES MILLS+ si usted es suscriptor).
Esta política puede cambiar de vez en cuando y, si lo hace, la última versión estará disponible en nuestro sitio o nuestra aplicación (y, cuando proceda, comunicada a su atención).
Puntos clave:
Les Mills Media Limited es el responsable del tratamiento de la información personal tratada a través de su uso de nuestro sitio.
El tipo de información personal tratada por nosotros incluye información que usted proporciona al utilizar nuestro sitio o servicios, información técnica sobre su dispositivo, configuración y uso del sitio, información que recibimos de terceros, como otros proveedores de sitios web, redes publicitarias, empresas de redes sociales y clubes de salud y fitness y, cuando proceda, información relacionada con su función como instructor.
Utilizamos sus datos, entre otras cosas, para brindarle nuestro sitio y servicios o información sobre estos, adaptar nuestros servicios a usted, analizar nuestros servicios, proporcionar (o permitir que otros proporcionen) anuncios dirigidos, cumplir con cualquier obligación legal o normativa y (si es un instructor) evaluar su rendimiento y proporcionar información relacionada con su función.
Usted acepta que, en la medida permitida por la legislación aplicable, podemos enviarle materiales de marketing relacionados con nuestros servicios de los cuales puede darse de baja en cualquier momento enviando un correo electrónico a privacy@lesmills.com o haciendo clic en cancelar suscripción al final de cualquier correo electrónico de marketing.
Compartimos datos con nuestros proveedores de servicios y otros terceros para el cumplimiento de nuestras obligaciones contractuales con usted, para darle información, para enviar publicidad y (cuando proceda) ejecutar comprobaciones de solvencia y antecedentes.
Dependiendo de dónde se encuentre, tiene una serie de derechos que puede ejercer en relación con nuestro uso de sus datos personales, y puede ejercerlos enviando su solicitud por correo electrónico a
privacy@lesmills.com
.
Puede encontrar información sobre nosotros y cómo recogemos, usamos y almacenamos sus datos personales en cada sección de esta política:
Quiénes somos
Información que recogemos de usted
Cómo se utilizará su información
Divulgación de su información
Dónde almacenamos su información personal
Conservación de datos
Seguridad de su información
Sitios vinculados
Foros públicos
Menores
Información perdida o robada
Opción de exclusión voluntaria
Sus derechos
Aviso a residentes de California
Contacto
Cambios en nuestra política de privacidad
Idioma
1. TÉRMINOS UTILIZADOS EN LA POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD
En esta política:
“usted” significa usted, la persona que utiliza nuestros servicios o visita el sitio.
“Empresas del Grupo” se refiere a Les Mills International Limited y a todas las filiales y empresas afiliadas; de vez en cuando propiedad de Les Mills International Limited (aparte de nosotros) que proporciona bienes y servicios relacionados con el fitness. Si necesita una lista completa de entidades que componen las Empresas del Grupo, póngase en contacto con nosotros como se describe en la sección “Contacto” a continuación.
“Grupo Les Mills” significa nosotros y las Empresas del Grupo.
“Servicios” significa el servicio de suscripción a LES MILLS+. Los Servicios se pueden proporcionar en nuestro sitio de escritorio o a través de nuestra aplicación.
Volver al principio
2. INFORMACIÓN QUE RECOGEMOS SOBRE USTED
Recogeremos y trataremos la siguiente información sobre usted:
Información que usted nos da
Esta es información sobre usted que nos da cuando navega o utiliza el sitio, se corresponde con nosotros por teléfono, SMS, correo electrónico, redes sociales o de otro modo. Incluye información que usted da cuando:
·         se registra para utilizar nuestro sitio;
·         se suscribe a nuestros Servicios;
·         realiza un pedido en nuestro sitio;
·         participa en foros de discusión u otras funciones de redes sociales en nuestro sitio;
·         participa en un concurso; y
·         contacte con nosotros o nos informe de un problema con nuestro sitio.
La información que usted nos da incluye su nombre, dirección, país, fecha de nacimiento, dirección de correo electrónico y número de teléfono, información de la tarjeta de crédito (que se recoge para el pago, pero no se conserva) si se suscribe a nuestros Servicios o realiza un pedido en nuestro sitio, descripción personal y fotografías, vídeos, imágenes o comentarios, sus intereses de aptitud física y sus preferencias como por ejemplo sus preferencias de marketing.
Esta información es necesaria para prestarle los Servicios. Si no facilita dicha información, puede retrasar o impedirnos prestar los Servicios.
Información que recogemos sobre usted
En relación con cada una de sus visitas a nuestro sitio, recogeremos automáticamente la siguiente información:
·         información técnica, incluida la dirección IP utilizada para conectar su ordenador o dispositivo a Internet, su información de inicio de sesión, tipo y versión de navegador, configuración de zona horaria, datos de ubicación, tipos y versiones de complementos de navegador, sistema operativo y plataforma;
·         información sobre su visita, incluida la URL completa, clickstream a, desde y desde nuestro sitio (incluyendo fecha y hora), páginas o productos que ha visualizado o buscado, tiempos de respuesta de la página, errores de descarga, duración de visitas a determinadas páginas, información de interacción de páginas (como desplazamiento, clics y ocasiones en que pasa el ratón), métodos utilizados para explorar la página; y
·         información sobre cómo utiliza los Servicios, incluidos, entre otros, el consumo y la reproducción de vídeos, inicio de sesión y cierre de sesión y error de reproducción.
Nuestro sitio también puede contener funciones de redes sociales, como el botón Me gusta de Facebook. Estas funciones pueden recoger su dirección IP, la página que está visitando en nuestro sitio y puede configurar una cookie para que la función funcione correctamente. Las funciones y widgets de las redes sociales están alojadas por un tercero o alojadas directamente en nuestro sitio. Sus interacciones con estas funciones también se rigen por la política de privacidad de la empresa que la proporciona.
Para obtener información detallada sobre las cookies que utilizamos y los fines para los que las utilizamos, consulte nuestra política de cookies
aquí
y la declaración de cookies
aquí
.
Información que recibimos de otras fuentes.
Otros sitios web de Les Mills:
Es posible que recibamos información sobre usted si utiliza cualquiera de los otros sitios web operados por las Empresas Les Mills o los otros servicios que ofrece el Grupo Les Mills.
Terceros:
También trabajamos estrechamente con terceros (incluidos, por ejemplo, socios comerciales, distribuidores autorizados, gimnasios o clubes e instalaciones de fitness o cualquier otra organización que Les Mills haya autorizado para llevar a cabo programas de Les Mills (“Clubes licenciados”), subcontratistas en servicios técnicos, de pago y entrega, redes de publicidad, proveedores de análisis, anunciantes, proveedores de información de búsqueda, agencias de referencia crediticia, terceros que permitan la funcionalidad de iniciar sesión e integración de redes sociales) y pueden recibir información sobre usted.
Redes sociales:
Si se conecta con nosotros a través de determinadas plataformas de redes sociales o si decide utilizar funciones en este sitio o en los sitios web de otras Empresas del Grupo Les Mills que se conectan a sus perfiles en línea o cuentas de redes sociales (“Cuentas de redes sociales”), podemos recoger cualquier información que usted permita a través de sus ajustes en esas Cuentas de redes sociales. Por ejemplo, si inicia sesión en nuestro sitio utilizando su cuenta de Facebook y ha permitido que Facebook comparta su información de perfil con nosotros, podemos recoger esa información. La información que recibimos de sus Cuentas de medios sociales incluye dirección de correo electrónico, nombre y apellidos, ubicación (ciudad y país), sexo, fecha de nacimiento, gustos, intereses, número de conexiones, profesión, publicaciones u otra actividad social. La información que su plataforma de redes sociales puede proporcionar a través de su Cuenta de redes sociales puede cambiar cada cierto tiempo. Revise la configuración de privacidad de su cuenta de redes sociales para controlar qué información se comparte con nosotros.
Volver al principio
3. CÓMO SE UTILIZARÁ SU INFORMACIÓN
Utilizamos la información que tenemos sobre usted de las siguientes formas:
A.    En la medida permitida por la legislación aplicable, tratamos datos para los siguientes fines basados en nuestros intereses legítimos:
para administrar nuestro sitio y para operaciones internas, como solución de problemas, análisis de datos, seguridad, pruebas, investigación, estadísticas y encuestas;
proporcionarle información sobre otros bienes y servicios que ofrecemos similares a los que ya ha comprado o sobre los que ha consultado usted;
proporcionarle la información y las ofertas más recientes relacionadas con la salud y la forma física si vive fuera del Espacio Económico Europeo (el “EEE”), el Reino Unido o Brasil, a menos que opte por no participar (consulte la Exclusión voluntaria de marketing);
personalizar su experiencia en el sitio;
proporcionar (o permitir que terceros proporcionen) publicidad dirigida a través de sitios web que visite sobre bienes o servicios que puedan resultarle interesantes (consulte más al respecto a continuación en la sección “Divulgación de su información” y en nuestra Política de cookies
aquí
y la Declaración de cookies
aquí
) y para medir o comprender la eficacia de esa publicidad. Del mismo modo, también podemos utilizar su información para excluirle de algunos grupos de publicidad dirigida, p. ej., si ya sabemos que está suscrito a Les Mills, es posible que no le incluyamos en algunos anuncios que fomenten la inscripción de nuevos miembros; o
para realizar un seguimiento del progreso y el número de participantes en concursos y promociones.
B.    En la medida permitida por la legislación aplicable, trataremos los datos cuando sea necesario para cumplir nuestro contrato con usted:
Recogemos, almacenamos y utilizamos su información personal, incluidos su nombre, dirección de correo electrónico, datos de inicio de sesión e información de pago, así como información sobre cómo utiliza y accede a los Servicios, porque es necesario para prestar los Servicios solicitados por usted de conformidad con el contrato firmado entre usted y nosotros cuando usted acepta nuestras Condiciones de uso. Esto incluye:
o    poner a su disposición los Servicios;
o    prestar Servicios que solicite y responder a sus consultas;
o    administrar los Servicios y procesar su pago en el lugar de compra de Servicios (incluido, entre otros, el uso de proveedores de servicios externos para procesar dicho pago);
o    notificarle sobre cambios en nuestros servicios; y
o    requisitos de administración de servicios y cuentas, como cuando tenemos que ponernos en contacto con usted por motivos relacionados con los Servicios (por ejemplo, cuando necesitamos enviarle un recordatorio de contraseña, para notificarle sobre actualizaciones de Servicios o modificaciones de nuestros Términos de uso o esta Política de privacidad).
C.    Trataremos los datos para los siguientes fines basados en su consentimiento:
participar en funciones interactivas de nuestro servicio, cuando decida hacerlo. Esto incluye formularios de contacto o todas las funciones de foro público que proporcionamos en nuestro sitio, como foros de comunidad, propuesta de comentarios o funciones de chat;
proporcionarle la información y las ofertas más recientes relacionadas con la salud y la forma física si vive en el Espacio Económico Europeo (el “EEE”), el Reino Unido o Brasil; y
D.    Trataremos los datos cuando sea necesario para cumplir con todos los requisitos legales.
Por ejemplo:
o	Si tiene una suscripción pagada para utilizar los Servicios y vive en el EEE, estamos obligados legalmente a permitirle ver los Servicios cuando visite otro país en el EEE.
o    Si recibimos una solicitud de información de un regulador, es posible que también tengamos que tratar su información personal para responder a esa solicitud.
Volver al principio
4. DIVULGACIÓN DE SU INFORMACIÓN
Proveedores de servicios
Para algunos de los fines para los que utilizamos datos personales (véase más arriba), contrataremos a un tercero. Si dicho tercero necesita acceso a datos personales para llevar a cabo su tarea, en la medida permitida por las leyes aplicables, compartiremos los datos con el mismo, garantizaremos que el tercero solo utilice los datos según nuestras instrucciones. Estos terceros son encargados del tratamiento de datos que actúan en nuestro nombre, pero nosotros seguimos siendo responsables de sus datos.
Contrataremos a organizaciones que nos prestan servicios (incluidas las Empresas Les Mills) como proveedores, proveedores de servicios y otros socios que respaldan nuestro negocio en todo el mundo. Estos terceros prestan servicios como, por ejemplo, prestar servicios de infraestructura técnica, analizar cómo se utilizan nuestros servicios, medir la efectividad de los anuncios y servicios, brindar atención al cliente, facilitar pagos o realizar investigaciones y encuestas académicas. Estos socios deben cumplir con estrictas obligaciones de confidencialidad de una forma coherente con esta política y los contratos que suscribimos con ellos.
Análisis y anunciantes
Cuando tengamos derecho a hacerlo de conformidad con las normativas de datos personales aplicables, compartiremos su información personal con:
proveedores de motores de búsqueda y análisis como AWS y Google Analytics que nos ayudan a mejorar y optimizar nuestro sitio. Queremos que nuestro sitio y publicidad sean tan pertinentes e interesantes para usted como sea posible.
anunciantes y redes publicitarias que requieren los datos para seleccionar y servir publicidad pertinente a usted y a otros, incluido a públicos segmentados. Estas empresas de publicidad externa recogen, almacenan y utilizan datos integrando cookies y otros programas de seguimiento de nuestros Servicios. En algunos casos, estos terceros también utilizarán los datos que recogen para sus propios fines, por ejemplo, pueden agregar sus datos con otros datos que conservan y utilizarlos para informar de los servicios relacionados con publicidad proporcionados a otros clientes y trabajar con otras empresas de publicidad y compartir información recogida con dichas empresas como parte del proceso. Consulte nuestra Política de cookies
aquí
y la Declaración de cookies
aquí
para obtener más información sobre las empresas publicitarias de terceros que recogen, utilizan, tratan y almacenan datos sobre usted, y el uso de cookies y otras tecnologías de seguimiento en nuestros Servicios;
redes sociales u otras plataformas similares para que podamos ofrecerle contenido pertinente a través de esa plataforma, o excluirle de la recepción de contenido que no le resulte de aplicación. Por ejemplo, podemos compartir su dirección de correo electrónico con Facebook para que podamos incluirle dentro de (o excluirle de) un público personalizado al que nosotros (o un tercero por nuestra cuenta) brindemos contenido en Facebook, o podemos crear un público de otros usuarios de Facebook según la información de su perfil de Facebook.
Otros terceros
Cuando tengamos derecho a hacerlo de conformidad con las normativas de datos personales aplicables, también compartiremos su información personal con:
Empresas Les Mills;
los siguientes terceros seleccionados:
o    socios comerciales, distribuidores autorizados, clubes con licencia de Les Mills que nos presten servicios que nos permitan ejecutar el contrato suscrito con usted o subcontratistas para proporcionarle información sobre promociones y ofertas, o para cualquiera de los otros fines descritos en la sección anterior “Cómo se utilizará su información”;
o    organismos de referencia de crédito con el fin de evaluar su capacidad crediticia cuando esta sea una condición para suscribir un contrato con usted.
Divulgación en determinadas circunstancias
Cuando tengamos derecho a hacerlo de conformidad con las normativas de datos personales aplicables, también divulgar su información personal con terceros bajo las siguientes circunstancias:
en caso de que vendamos o compremos algún negocio o activo, en cuyo caso divulgaremos su información personal al posible vendedor o comprador de dicho negocio o activos, con sujeción a los correspondientes acuerdos de confidencialidad;
si LMM o sustancialmente todos sus activos son adquiridos por un tercero, en cuyo caso la información personal que se conserva sobre sus clientes será uno de los activos traspasados;
si tenemos la obligación de divulgar o compartir su información personal para cumplir con cualquier obligación legal,
con el fin de hacer cumplir o aplicar los términos de uso de nuestro sitio web (
www.lesmills.com/terms-of-usewebsite-terms
), incluidos los Términos de uso de la aplicación LES MILLS+ (que aparecen en la App Store cuando la descarga) o los términos de
compra
y demás acuerdos; o para proteger los derechos, la propiedad o la seguridad de cualquier Empresa de Les Mills, de nuestros clientes o de terceros. esto incluye intercambiar información con otras empresas y organizaciones para la protección contra fraudes y la reducción del riesgo crediticio;
en el caso de que usted haya dado su consentimiento de otro modo para que podamos hacerlo.
Volver al principio
5. DÓNDE ALMACENAMOS SU INFORMACIÓN Y TRANSFERENCIAS INTERNACIONALES
Las personas (especialmente dentro del EEE o Reino Unido) deben tener en cuenta que nosotros y otros terceros destinatarios de su información personal, como las Empresas Les Mills o nuestros proveedores de servicios no estarán ubicados dentro de su jurisdicción o dentro del EEE o Reino Unido, y podremos transferir sus datos a dichas ubicaciones.
Por ejemplo, los datos personales pueden transferirse a las Empresas del Grupo Les Mills en Nueva Zelanda en relación con los fines indicados anteriormente. Nuestro proveedor de plataformas de vídeo (Vimeo) y la plataforma de comercio electrónico (Magento) tienen su sede en Estados Unidos, por lo que sus datos personales pueden transferirse a Estados Unidos. Cuando transfiramos sus datos a un tercero en otro país, se tomarán medidas para proteger su información personal de forma coherente con las leyes de privacidad aplicables, incluido (según corresponda) el Reglamento de la UE 2016/679 (el “
RGPD
”), el RGPD conforme se adopta en la legislación del Reino Unido y la Ley de Protección de Datos del Reino Unido de 2018. Estos pasos pueden incluir:
garantizar que la Comisión Europea haya emitido una decisión de adecuación en el caso de transferencias fuera del EEE, o el Gobierno del Reino Unido en el caso de transferencias fuera del Reino Unido, lo cual significa que se considera que el país destinatario proporciona una protección adecuada para dichos datos personales;
establecer acuerdos contractuales tipo con el destinatario que hayan sido aprobados por la Comisión Europea (o el gobierno del Reino Unido para transferencias fuera del Reino Unido). Estas cláusulas contractuales modelo incluyen ciertas salvaguardas para proteger los datos personales; y
tomar todas las precauciones razonables para garantizar que su información personal se trate de forma segura y de acuerdo con esta Política de privacidad.
Volver al principio
6. CONSERVACIÓN DE DATOS
Conservamos la información personal que recogemos solo si la necesitamos para respaldar los requisitos empresariales justificables o cuando nuestros fines legales para utilizar la información requieren que la conservemos. Cuando ya no necesitemos la información personal, nosotros o nuestros terceros proveedores suprimiremos o archivaremos la información de forma segura. Para obtener más información sobre dónde y cuánto tiempo se almacena su información personal, y para obtener más información sobre sus derechos de supresión y portabilidad, consulte "Sus derechos" a continuación.
Volver al principio
7. SEGURIDAD DE SU INFORMACIÓN
Para ayudar a proteger la privacidad de los datos y la información de identificación personal que transmite a través del uso de nuestro sitio y portales, mantenemos salvaguardas físicas, técnicas y administrativas. Toda la información que nos facilite usted se almacena en nuestros servidores seguros o en los servidores seguros o servicios seguros controlados por terceros en nuestro nombre (ver más arriba “Divulgación de información”). Todas las transacciones de pago se cifrarán mediante la tecnología SSL. Cuando le hayamos dado (o usted haya elegido) una contraseña que le permita acceder a ciertas partes de nuestro sitio, usted es responsable de mantener la confidencialidad de esta contraseña.
Actualizamos y sometemos a prueba nuestra tecnología de seguridad de forma continua. Limitamos el acceso a sus datos personales a aquellos empleados que necesiten conocerlos para brindarle a usted beneficios o servicios. Además, formamos a nuestros empleados sobre la importancia de la confidencialidad y el mantenimiento de la privacidad y seguridad de su información. Nos comprometemos a tomar medidas disciplinarias adecuadas para hacer cumplir las responsabilidades de privacidad de nuestros empleados.
Lamentablemente, la transmisión de información a través de Internet no es completamente segura. Aunque haremos todo lo posible para proteger su información personal, no podemos garantizar la seguridad de sus datos transmitidos a nuestro sitio; cualquier transmisión se lleva a cabo bajo su propia responsabilidad. Una vez que hayamos recibido su información, utilizaremos procedimientos estrictos y funciones de seguridad para intentar evitar el acceso no autorizado.
Para obtener más información sobre las medidas que adoptamos en estos casos para proteger su información persona, póngase en contacto con nosotros en cualquier momento por correo electrónico en privacy@lesmills.com.
Volver al principio
8. SITIOS VINCULADOS
El sitio puede contener enlaces a otros sitios web. No somos responsables de la fiabilidad del contenido o de las prácticas de privacidad de dichos otros sitios web.
Volver al principio
9. FOROS PÚBLICOS
Podemos brindarle funciones de chat, mensajería instantánea, tablones de mensajes, foros comunitarios o grupos de noticias a través del sitio o de otro modo. Recuerde que cualquier información que divulgue en áreas públicas del sitio se convertirá en información pública y será accesible al público. No pretendemos (pero nos reservamos el derecho de) supervisar, moderar o seleccionar el contenido de las publicaciones de los usuarios. No asumimos responsabilidad alguna por dicho contenido y usted debe ser cauteloso al considerar si divulga su información personal en el sitio a través de foros públicos o privados.
Volver al principio
10. MENORES
No recogemos intencionadamente información de menores de 13 años (o la edad correspondiente para dar un consentimiento válido en su jurisdicción, si es diferente) y el sitio y la aplicación no están dirigidos a menos de 13 años (o la edad correspondiente para dar un consentimiento válido en su jurisdicción, si es diferente). Recomendamos que los padres y tutores desempeñen un papel activo en las actividades e intereses en línea de sus hijos.
Póngase en contacto con nosotros en privacy@lesmills.com si es consciente de que podemos haber recogido de forma involuntaria información personal de un menor.
Volver al principio
11. INFORMACIÓN PERDIDA O ROBADA
No debe usted compartir su nombre de usuario o contraseña con nadie y debe mantenerlos seguros. Avísennos inmediatamente en
support@lesmillsplus.com
si su nombre de usuario o contraseña se pierde, se lo roban o alguien lo utiliza sin permiso. Tras el aviso, cancelaremos ese nombre de usuario o contraseña y actualizaremos nuestros registros en consecuencia. Recomendamos que se utilicen diferentes contraseñas para todas sus cuentas en línea.
Volver al principio
12. OPCIÓN DE EXCLUSIÓN DE MARKETING
En caso de que no viva en el Reino Unido o el EEE, tiene usted derecho a rechazar nuestro uso de su información personal para comunicaciones de marketing (o darse de baja de las mismas). Si lo hace, su nombre se marcará en nuestros registros, por lo que se le excluirá de cualquier contacto de ese tipo en el futuro, a menos que posteriormente solicite o acepte un contacto futuro.
Si vive en el Reino Unido, Brasil o el EEE, debe optar por participar en (o dar su consentimiento a) nuestras comunicaciones de marketing, y puede retirar ese consentimiento de la misma forma en que puede excluirse, tal como se indica a continuación, así como a través del método establecido en “retirada del consentimiento”, expuesto más abajo.
Puede “excluirse”:
·         utilizando los datos de contacto dados para este fin por correo postal;
·         utilizando la opción “cancelar suscripción” al pie de cualquier comunicación electrónica que le enviemos; o
·         enviando un correo electrónico a
privacy@lesmills.com
.
Volver al principio
13. SUS DERECHOS
Dependiendo de su país de residencia, puede tener derechos específicos sobre sus datos personales.
Derecho de acceso
Puede tener derecho a solicitar acceso a ciertos datos personales que conservemos sobre usted, incluida cualquier información que hayamos compartido con nuestras Empresas del Grupo con fines de marketing directo, sujeto a ciertas condiciones y excepciones limitadas establecidas en las leyes de privacidad de datos correspondientes.
Si desea hacerlo, envíe su solicitud por correo electrónico a
privacy@lesmills.com
y, en la medida en que se nos exija hacerlo conforme a la legislación aplicable, tramitaremos su solicitud.
Seremos tan abiertos como podamos con usted, en relación con su solicitud, pero, en ocasiones, en la medida en que lo permita la legislación aplicable, podríamos no poseer información personal sobre usted o debamos retener su información personal. Estas circunstancias pueden incluir cuando la información no es información personal sobre usted, es comercialmente sensible, está legalmente privilegiada, se relaciona con la información personal de otra persona, o su difusión podría afectar a la seguridad o protección de nuestros empleados o clientes. En estas circunstancias, retendremos la información, pero le explicaremos por qué.
Derecho de corrección
Puede solicitar que corrijamos (rectificar) el registro de sus datos personales mantenidos por nosotros si es inexacto o está desfasado.
Retirada del consentimiento
Si dependemos de su consentimiento para utilizar su información personal de un modo concreto, pero posteriormente cambia de opinión, puede retirar su consentimiento poniéndose en contacto con nosotros en
privacy@lesmills.com
y dejaremos de hacerlo. Sin embargo, si retira su consentimiento, esto puede afectar a la capacidad de poder prestarle nuestros servicios (por ejemplo, es posible que no podamos proporcionarle información de marketing).
Otros derechos
Los residentes del EEE, Suiza, el Reino Unido y Brasil también pueden tener derechos adicionales especiales en virtud de la legislación de protección de datos en el EEE/la Unión Europea, Suiza, el Reino Unido y Brasil, respectivamente, incluido el derecho a:
solicitar información sobre la existencia y la finalidad del tratamiento; categorías de datos personales afectados; quién más fuera de las Empresas Les Mills podría haber recibido los datos de nosotros; cuál fue la fuente de la información (si no la proporcionó directamente); y cuánto tiempo se almacenará;
obtener información sobre la posibilidad de denegar el tratamiento que se basa en su consentimiento (y las consecuencias de hacerlo), así como eliminar la información personal para cuyo uso haya usted dado previamente su consentimiento (suponiendo que solo la necesitemos para esos fines);
solicitar que eliminemos esos datos o dejemos de tratarlos, con sujeción a ciertas excepciones;
solicitar que anonimicemos, bloqueemos o suprimamos información personal innecesaria o excesiva, incluida información personal tratada en incumplimiento de la ley. Por supuesto, nuestra intención es no recopilar nunca información personal en exceso y cumplir con la ley;
revisar decisiones que podamos haber tomado en función del tratamiento automático de datos;
pedirnos que no tratemos su información personal para los intereses legítimos que hemos establecido anteriormente. En determinadas circunstancias, es posible que no podamos dejar de utilizar su información personal, pero si ese es el caso, le informaremos y le explicaremos por qué;
recibir la información personal que nos ha proporcionado en un formato estructurado, de uso común y lectura mecánica, y transmitir esos datos a otro responsable del tratamiento de datos; y
presentar una queja ante la autoridad de protección de datos correspondiente si tiene dudas sobre cómo tratamos sus datos personales. La autoridad local difiere según el país. Como alternativa, puede interponer un recurso a través de los tribunales si cree que se han infringido sus derechos.
Si desea ejercer su derecho de supresión, haga
clic aquí
. Si desea ejercer cualquiera de sus otros derechos, envíe una solicitud a
privacy@lesmills.com
.
Volver al principio
14. AVISO A RESIDENTES DE CALIFORNIA
Esta sección solo se aplica a las personas que sean residentes de California a quienes incumba la Ley de Privacidad del Consumidor de California de 2018 (“CCPA”) y otras leyes de privacidad de California (conjuntamente “Leyes de California”).
A continuación se muestra un resumen de la información personal, tal como se define ese término en la CCPA, que LES MILLS+ puede haber recopilado en los doce meses anteriores, el motivo por el que recopilamos su información personal, dónde obtenemos la información personal que recopilamos sobre usted, así como los terceros con quienes compartimos su información personal categorizada, conforme esta se define y describe en la Ley de California.
Categoría de información:
Identificadores (como nombre de cuenta, ID de dispositivo, dirección de correo electrónico, dirección IP, etc
.)
Fuentes de información:
Recopilamos identificadores cuando se registra para utilizar nuestro sitio y suscribirse a nuestros servicios.
Finalidad de la recopilación de información:
Recopilamos identificadores para comunicarnos con usted, proporcionarle información sobre otros bienes y servicios que ofrecemos, además de hacer cumplir nuestros Términos y condiciones
Cómo compartimos su información personal:
Compartimos identificadores con proveedores de servicios y otros terceros a fin de cumplir el contrato que celebramos con usted y proporcionarle nuestros servicios, además de información sobre otros bienes y servicios.
Categoría de información:
Registros de clientes de California (como dirección, nombre, número de teléfono)
Fuentes de información:
Recopilamos información personal cuando se registra para utilizar nuestro sitio y suscribirse a nuestros servicios.
Finalidad de la recopilación de información:
Recopilamos información personal para comunicarnos con usted, proporcionarle información sobre otros bienes y servicios que ofrecemos, además de hacer cumplir nuestros Términos y condiciones.
Cómo compartimos su información personal:
Compartimos   Información personal con proveedores de servicios y otros terceros a fin de   cumplir el contrato que celebramos con usted y proporcionarle nuestros   servicios, además de información sobre otros bienes y servicios.
Categoría de información:
Información comercial (como productos o servicios comprados, obtenidos o contemplados, u otros historiales o tendencias de compra o consumo)
Fuentes de información:
Recogemos Información comercial a través de su proceso de registro para utilizar nuestro sitio y suscribirse a nuestros servicios desde otros sitios web de Les Mills, otros terceros, nuestra Aplicación (si la descarga) y redes sociales, como se ha indicado anteriormente.
Finalidad de la recopilación de información:
Recogemos información comercial para proporcionarle nuestros servicios, ejecutar el contrato que celebramos con usted y a efectos de análisis de datos, así como para adaptar su experiencia al sitio.
Cómo compartimos su información personal:
Compartimos Información comercial con proveedores de servicios y otros terceros a fin de cumplir el contrato que celebramos con usted y proporcionarle nuestros servicios, además de información sobre otros bienes y servicios, como se ha indicado anteriormente.
Categoría de información:
Información de actividad de Internet/red (como el historial de navegación de sitios web o aplicaciones o anuncios)
Fuentes de información:
Recogemos Información de actividad de red electrónica automáticamente a través de su uso de nuestro sitio, de otros sitios web de Les Mills, de otros terceros y de redes sociales, como se ha indicado anteriormente.
Finalidad de la recopilación de información:
Recogemos Información de actividad de red electrónica para comunicarnos con usted, proporcionarle información sobre otros bienes y servicios que ofrecemos, además de hacer cumplir nuestros Términos y condiciones.
Cómo compartimos su información personal:
Compartimos Información de actividad de red electrónica con Proveedores de servicios y otros Terceros para cumplir con el contrato que celebramos con usted y en cumplimiento del proceso legal.
Categoría de información:
Datos de geolocalización
Fuentes de información:
Recogemos Datos de geolocalización a través de su proceso de registro para utilizar nuestro sitio y suscribirse a nuestros servicios.
Finalidad de la recopilación de información:
Recogemos Datos de geolocalización para proporcionarle nuestros servicios, ejecutar el contrato que celebramos con usted
Cómo compartimos su información personal:
Compartimos Datos de geolocalización con Proveedores de servicios y otros terceros como se ha descrito anteriormente para cumplir con el proceso legal, ejecutar el contrato que celebramos con usted, prestarle nuestros servicios, proporcionarle información sobre otros bienes y servicios, y cualquier otro fin indicado anteriormente con su consentimiento.
Según las Leyes de California, los residentes de California tienen los derechos que se enumeran a continuación. Los californianos pueden ejercer sus derechos de privacidad poniéndose en contacto con nosotros en support@lesmillsplus.com. Tendremos que verificar su identidad antes de tramitar su solicitud. Para verificar su identidad, generalmente necesitaremos los datos de inicio de sesión correctos en su cuenta o la correcta correspondencia de suficiente información de la que usted nos proporcione con la que almacenamos sobre usted en nuestros sistemas. Aunque intentamos limitar la información personal recogida en relación con una solicitud para ejercer el derecho a conocer y el derecho a la supresión, ciertas solicitudes pueden requerir que obtengamos información personal adicional de usted. En determinadas circunstancias, podemos rechazar una solicitud para ejercer el derecho a conocer y el derecho a la supresión, especialmente cuando no podamos verificar su identidad.
Su derecho de acceso y supresión no es absoluto y está sujeto a ciertas excepciones. Por ejemplo, no podemos divulgar partes específicas de información personal si la divulgación fuese a crear un riesgo sustancial, articulable e irrazonable para la seguridad de la información personal, su cuenta con nosotros o la seguridad de los sistemas o redes de la empresa.
Los residentes de California tienen derecho a solicitar que les revelemos (i) las
categorías
de información personal que hemos recogido sobre ellos, (ii) las categorías de
fuentes
de las que se recoge información personal, (iii) el fin comercial o
profesional para la recogida de información
, (iv) las categorías de
terceros
con los que hemos compartido información personal y (v) los fragmentos
específicos
de información personal que tenemos sobre una persona.
Los residentes de California tienen derecho a que se suprima su información personal, a menos que la información personal sea necesaria para que la empresa o el proveedor de servicios:
o	complete una transacción para la que se recogió la información personal, proporcione un bien o servicio solicitado por el consumidor o ejecute en general un contrato entre la empresa y el consumidor;
o	detecte incidentes de seguridad;
o	proteja contra actividades maliciosas, engañosas, fraudulentas o ilegales (o procese a los responsables);
o	depure para identificar y reparar errores de funcionalidad;
o	ejerza o garantice el derecho de otra persona a ejercer la libertad de expresión u otro derecho legal;
o	cumpla con la Ley de Privacidad de Comunicaciones Electrónicas de California, que obliga a la producción o       el acceso a información de comunicaciones electrónicas o a información de dispositivos electrónicos con una orden de registro;
o	participe en investigaciones de interés público (si el consumidor ha dado su consentimiento informado);
o	permita únicamente usos internos acordes con las expectativas del consumidor dada su relación con la empresa;
o	cumpla con una obligación legal; o
o	utilice la información internamente de forma legal y compatible con el contexto en que la proporcionó el consumidor.
Los residentes de California tienen derecho a excluirse de la venta de su información personal a terceros. En virtud de la Ley de California, el intercambio por parte de Les Mills de información personal relacionada con el marketing y el acceso de nuestros Servicios Online a ciertos terceros puede constituir una “venta” según la definición de la CCPA de ese término. Usted puede optar por no compartir dicha información en su navegador, haciendo clic en el enlace No vender mi información en el pie de página de nuestra página de inicio.
No le discriminaremos por ejercer ninguno de sus derechos en virtud de la CCPA. A menos que lo permita la CCPA, no le denegaremos bienes o servicios, no le cobraremos precios o tarifas diferentes por bienes o servicios, incluso mediante la concesión de descuentos u otros beneficios, ni impondremos sanciones, ni le proporcionaremos un nivel o calidad diferente de bienes o servicios, ni sugeriremos que puede recibir un precio o tarifa diferente por bienes o servicios o un nivel o calidad diferente de bienes y servicios.
En algunas circunstancias, puede designar a un agente autorizado para que envíe solicitudes de ejercicio de ciertos derechos de privacidad en su nombre. Para ello exigiremos comprobar que usted concedió permiso al agente autorizado para realizar una solicitud en su nombre. Debe proporcionarnos una copia del permiso firmado que haya dado al agente autorizado para enviar la solicitud en su nombre y verificar su propia identidad directamente con nosotros.
En virtud de las secciones 1798.83-1798.84 del Código Civil de California, también conocidas como la “Ley de transparencia”, cualquiera de nuestros usuarios que sean residentes de California tiene derecho a solicitar y recibir una vez al año, de forma gratuita, una notificación nuestra que describa qué categorías de información personal de clientes (si procede) compartimos con terceros o filiales corporativas para sus fines de marketing directo durante el año natural anterior. Si procede, la notificación reflejará las categorías de información compartida, los nombres y direcciones de los terceros y las filiales con que se compartió la información. Si es residente de California y desea solicitar una copia de este aviso, envíe una solicitud por escrito a la siguiente dirección: CCPA@lesmills.com. En su solicitud, especifique que desea un “Aviso de derechos de privacidad de California”. Espere al menos treinta días para recibir una respuesta.
Volver al principio
15. CONTACTE CON NOSOTROS
Para ejercer sus privilegios de cancelación de suscripción, acceder a su información de usuario, obtener más información sobre esta Política de privacidad o informarnos sobre otros asuntos relacionados con sus experiencias con LMM o el sitio, póngase en contacto con nosotros por correo postal o electrónico en:
Les Mills Media Limited, 200 Victoria Street West, Auckland 1010, Nueva Zelanda
Correo electrónico:
privacy@lesmills.com
Volver al principio
16. CAMBIOS DE ESTA POLÍTICA
Podemos actualizar o cambiar esta Política de privacidad en cualquier momento. Le informaremos sobre cualquier cambio publicando una política actualizada en nuestro sitio y (cuando proceda) notificándoselo por correo postal o correo electrónico. Dicha modificación será efectiva inmediatamente tras su publicación en el sitio. Cuando la legislación aplicable nos exija hacerlo, solicitaremos su consentimiento para dichos cambios y le daremos la oportunidad de cancelar su suscripción.
Volver al principio
17. IDIOMA
Esta política puede traducirse a otros idiomas. Usted acepta si existe alguna incoherencia entre la traducción y esta política, prevalecerá el idioma inglés.
Volver al principio
LES MILLS+ Integritetspolicy
Senast uppdaterad 11 Mars, 2024
Les Mills Media Limited (”LMM”, ”oss”, ”vår” eller ”vi”), ett företag registrerat i Nya Zeeland med adress på 200 Victoria Street West, Auckland 1010, Nya Zeeland, driver webbplatsen lesmillsondemand.com (inklusive allt innehåll och alla funktioner som är tillgängliga via domännamnet lesmillsondemand.com och alla lands- eller regionsspecifika domäner eller underdomäner) och LES MILLS+-appen (tillsammans kallade ”webbplatsen”).
LMM åtar sig att säkerställa integriteten och skyddet av den information som användare tillhandahåller oss. Följande integritetspolicy reglerar LMM:s metoder för insamling, användning, bearbetning, utlämnande, överföring och lagring av information på webbplatsen. Denna policy bör tolkas tillsammans med andra eventuella policyer eller villkor som utvecklas av LMM från tid till annan, vilket meddelas på webbplatsen eller någon del av webbplatsen (inklusive Användarvillkoren för LES MILLS+ om du är abonnent).
Denna policy kan ändras från tid till annan, och om så är fallet, kommer den senaste versionen att finnas tillgänglig på vår webbplats eller i vår app (och, i förekommande fall, meddelas dig).
Viktiga punkter:
Les Mills Media Limited är personuppgiftsansvarig för personuppgifter som behandlas genom din användning av vår webbplats.
Den typ av personuppgifter som behandlas av oss inkluderar information som du tillhandahåller när du använder vår webbplats eller våra tjänster, teknisk information om din enhet, inställningar och webbplatsanvändning, information som vi får från tredje parter, såsom andra webbplatsleverantörer, annonsnätverk, sociala medieföretag och hälso- och träningsklubbar och, i förekommande fall, information relaterad till din roll som instruktör.
Vi använder bland annat dina uppgifter för att ge dig åtkomst till vår webbplats och våra tjänster eller information om dem, skräddarsy våra tjänster till dig, analysera våra tjänster, tillhandahålla (eller låta andra tillhandahålla) riktade annonser, följa eventuella juridiska eller regulatoriska skyldigheter och (om du är instruktör) bedöma din prestation och tillhandahålla information som rör din roll.
Du samtycker till att vi, i den utsträckning det är tillåtet enligt tillämplig lag, kan skicka marknadsföringsmaterial till dig som är relaterad till våra tjänster, och som du när som helst kan välja bort genom att skicka ett e-postmeddelande till privacy@lesmills.com eller klicka på avprenumerera längst ner i eventuella marknadsföringsmeddelanden via e-post.
Vi delar uppgifter med våra tjänsteleverantörer och andra tredje parter för att kunna utföra våra avtalsenliga skyldigheter gentemot dig, för att förse dig med information, för annonsering och (i förekommande fall) för att utföra kredit- och bakgrundskontroller.
Beroende på var du befinner dig, har du flera rättigheter som du kan utöva i samband med vår användning av dina personuppgifter, och du kan utöva dessa genom att skicka din begäran till privacy@lesmills.com.
Du kan hitta information om oss och hur vi samlar in, använder och lagrar dina personuppgifter i varje avsnitt i denna policy.
Termer som används i integritetspolicyn
Information som vi samlar in om dig
Hur din information kommer att användas
Utlämnande av dina uppgifter
Var vi lagrar dina uppgifter och internationella överföringar
Datalagring
Säkerhet för din information
Länkade webbplatser
Diskussionsforum
Barn
Förlorad eller stulen information
Alternativ för att välja bort marknadsföring
Dina rättigheter
Meddelande till personer bosatta i Kalifornien
Kontakta oss
Ändringar i denna policy
Språk
1. TERMER SOM ANVÄNDS I INTEGRITETSPOLICYN
I denna policy:
avser ”du” dig, den person som använder våra tjänster eller besöker webbplatsen.
avser ”Koncernföretag” Les Mills International Limited och alla dotterbolag och anknutna företag som från tid till annan ägs av Les Mills International Limited (förutom vi) som tillhandahåller träningsrelaterade produkter och tjänster.  Om du behöver en fullständig förteckning över vilka enheter som ingår bland Koncernföretagen, ska du kontakta oss enligt beskrivningen i avsnittet ”Kontakta oss” nedan.
”Les Mills Group” avser oss och Koncernföretagen.
”Tjänster” avser abonnemangstjänsten LES MILLS+.  Tjänsterna kan tillhandahållas dig på vår webbplats eller via vår app.
Tillbaka till toppen
2. INFORMATION SOM VI SAMLAR IN OM DIG
Vi kommer att samla in och behandla följande information om dig:
Information som du ger oss
Detta är information om dig som du ger oss när du surfar på eller använder webbplatsen, kommunicerar med oss via telefon, SMS, e-post, sociala medier eller på annat sätt. Den innehåller information som du tillhandahåller när du:
registrerar dig för att använda vår webbplats
börjar abonnera på våra tjänster
gör en beställning på vår webbplats
deltar i diskussionsforum eller andra sociala mediefunktioner på vår webbplats
deltar i en tävling, och
kontaktar oss eller rapporterar ett problem med vår webbplats.
Den information du ger oss inkluderar ditt namn, adress, land, födelsedatum, e-postadress och telefonnummer, kreditkortsinformation (som registreras för betalning men inte lagras) om du abonnerar på våra Tjänster eller gör en beställning på vår webbplats, personliga beskrivningar och fotografier, videor, bilder eller kommentarer, dina fitnessintressen och preferenser, såsom dina marknadsföringspreferenser.
Denna information krävs för att tillhandahålla Tjänsterna till dig. Om du inte tillhandahåller sådan information kan det försena eller hindra oss från att tillhandahålla Tjänsterna.
Information som vi samlar in om dig
När det gäller vart och ett av dina besök på vår webbplats kommer vi automatiskt att samla in följande information:
teknisk information, inklusive den IP-adress som används för att ansluta din dator eller enhet till internet, din inloggningsinformation, webbläsartyp och version, tidszonsinställning, platsdata, webbläsarplugin-typer och -versioner, operativsystem och plattform
information om ditt besök, inklusive den fullständiga webbadressen, sökningar på webbplatser till, genom och från vår webbplats (inklusive datum och tid), sidor eller produkter som du tittat på eller sökt efter, svarstider på sidor, nedladdningsfel, besökens längd på vissa sidor, information om sidinteraktion (såsom bläddringar, klickningar och när markören förs över objekt), vilka metoder som används för att bläddra bort från sidan, och
information om hur du använder Tjänsterna, inklusive men inte begränsat till din videokonsumtion och uppspelning, inloggning och utloggning samt uppspelningsfel.
Vår webbplats kan också innehålla funktioner för sociala medier, såsom Facebooks Like-knapp. Dessa funktioner kan samla in din IP-adress, vilken sida du besöker på vår webbplats och kan placera ut cookies för att funktionen ska fungera korrekt. Funktioner och widgets för sociala medier hanteras antingen av en tredje part eller direkt på vår webbplats. Dina interaktioner med dessa funktioner styrs också av integritetspolicyn för det företag som tillhandahåller dem.
För detaljerad information om de cookies vi använder och de syften för vilka vi använder dem, se vår Cookiepolicy här och Cookieförklaring här.
Information som vi får från andra källor.
Andra av Les Mills webbplatser
: Vi kan få information om dig om du använder någon av de andra webbplatser som drivs av Les Mills Companies eller de andra tjänsterna som Les Mills Group tillhandahåller.
Tredje parter
: Vi har också ett nära samarbete med tredje parter (inklusive, till exempel, affärspartner, auktoriserade distributörer, hälso- och/eller träningsklubbar och -anläggningar eller någon annan organisation som Les Mills har licensierat att genomföra Les Mills-program (”Licensierade klubbar”), underentreprenörer inom tjänster för teknik, betalningar och leveranser, reklamnätverk, analysleverantörer, annonsörer, leverantörer av sökinformation, kreditupplysningsföretag, tredje parter som möjliggör inloggningsfunktioner och integrering av sociala nätverk) och kan få information om dig från dem.
Sociala medier
: Om du kontaktar oss via vissa sociala medieplattformar, eller om du väljer att använda funktioner på denna webbplats eller på webbplatser tillhörande andra Les Mills Group-företag som är kopplade till dina onlineprofiler eller sociala mediekonton (”Sociala mediekonton”), kan vi samla in eventuell information som du går med på att vi samlar in via dina inställningar på dessa Sociala mediekonton. Om du till exempel loggar in på vår webbplats med ditt Facebook-konto och du har tillåtit Facebook att dela din profilinformation med oss, samlar in eventuellt in den informationen.
Information som vi får från dina konton på sociala medier inkluderar e-postadress, för- och efternamn, plats (hemstad och land), kön, födelsedatum, gilla-markeringar, intressen, antal kontakter, yrke, inlägg eller andra sociala aktiviteter. Informationen som din sociala medieplattform kan tillhandahålla oss via ditt Sociala mediekonto kan ändras från tid till annan. Granska integritetsinställningarna för ditt Sociala mediekonto för att kontrollera vilken information som delas med oss.
Tillbaka till toppen
3. HUR DIN INFORMATION KOMMER ATT ANVÄNDAS
Vi använder uppgifter som lagras om dig på följande sätt:
A.	I den utsträckning det är tillåtet enligt tillämplig lag, behandlar vi uppgifter för följande ändamål baserat på våra berättigade intressen:
för att administrera vår webbplats och för intern verksamhet, inklusive felsökningar, dataanalys, säkerhet, testning, forskning, statistik och undersökningsändamål
för att förse dig med information om andra varor och tjänster som vi erbjuder som liknar de du redan har köpt eller frågat om
för att ge dig den senaste informationen och erbjudanden om hälsa och träning om du bor utanför det Europeiska ekonomiska samarbetsområdet (”EES”), Storbritannien eller Brasilien, såvida du inte väljer bort detta (se Välja bort marknadsföring)
för att skräddarsy din upplevelse på webbplatsen
för att tillhandahålla (eller tillåta tredje parter att tillhandahålla) riktad reklam via webbplatser som du besöker om varor eller tjänster som du eventuellt är intresserad av (se mer om detta nedan i avsnittet ”Utlämnande av din information” och i vår Cookiepolicy här och Cookieförklaring här) och för att mäta eller förstå hur effektiv denna reklam är.  På samma sätt använder vi också eventuellt dina uppgifter för att utesluta dig från vissa riktade reklamgrupper, exempelvis kanske vi inte, om vi redan vet att du prenumererar på Les Mills, skickar vissa annonser till dig som försöker rekrytera nya deltagare, eller
för att följa utvecklingen och antalet tävlingsbidrag för tävlingar och kampanjer.
B.	I den utsträckning det är tillåtet enligt tillämplig lag, kommer vi att behandla uppgifter där det är nödvändigt för att uppfylla vårt avtal med dig:
Vi samlar in, lagrar och använder dina personuppgifter, inklusive ditt namn, din e-postadress, inloggningsuppgifter och betalningsinformation, och information om hur du använder och får åtkomst till Tjänsterna, eftersom det är nödvändigt för att tillhandahålla de Tjänster som du begärt i enlighet med det avtal som du och oss har ingått när du samtyckte till våra Användarvillkor. Detta inkluderar att:
göra Tjänsterna tillgängliga för dig
tillhandahålla alla Tjänster som du begär och svara på dina förfrågningar
administrera Tjänsterna och behandla din betalning när du köper Tjänster från oss (inklusive men inte begränsat till användning av tredjepartsleverantörer av tjänster för att behandla sådan betalning)
meddela dig om ändringar i våra tjänster, och
begära tjänste- och kontoadministration, t.ex. när vi behöver kontakta dig för orsaker relaterade till tjänsterna (t.ex. när vi behöver skicka en lösenordspåminnelse till dig, för att meddela dig om uppdateringar eller ändringar av våra Användarvillkor eller denna Integritetspolicy).
C.	Vi kommer att behandla uppgifter för följande ändamål baserat på ditt samtycke:
att delta i interaktiva funktioner i vår tjänst, när du väljer att göra det.  Detta inkluderar alla ”kontakta oss”-formulär eller funktioner på offentliga forum som vi tillhandahåller på vår webbplats, såsom diskussionsforum, kommentarsfält eller chatt-funktioner
för att ge dig den senaste informationen och erbjudanden om hälsa och träning om du bor inom det Europeiska ekonomiska samarbetsområdet (”EES”), Storbritannien eller Brasilien, och
D.	Vi kommer att behandla uppgifter när det är nödvändigt för att uppfylla alla rättsliga krav.
Till exempel:
o	om du har ett betalt abonnemang för att använda Tjänsterna och är bosatt inom EES, är vi enligt lag skyldiga att tillåta dig och du har laglig rätt till åtkomst av Tjänsterna när du besöker ett annat land i EES.
o	om vi får en begäran om information från en tillsynsmyndighet, behöver vi eventuellt behandla dina personuppgifter för att svara på den begäran.
Tillbaka till toppen
4. UTLÄMNANDE AV DINA UPPGIFTER
Tjänsteleverantörer
För vissa av de syften för vilka vi använder personuppgifter (se ovan) kommer vi att anlita en tredje part. Om en sådan tredje part behöver tillgång till personuppgifter för att utföra sin uppgift, kommer vi, i den utsträckning som tillåts enligt gällande lagar, att dela uppgifterna med dem, och vi kommer att säkerställa att den tredje parten endast kommer att använda uppgifterna baserat på våra instruktioner. Dessa tredje parter är personuppgiftsbiträden som agerar å våra vägnar och vi förblir ansvariga för dina uppgifter.
Vi kommer att anlita organisationer som tillhandahåller tjänster till oss (inklusive Les Mills Companies), såsom leverantörer, tjänsteleverantörer och andra partners som globalt stödjer vår verksamhet.  Dessa tredje parter tillhandahåller tjänster såsom att tillhandahålla tjänster för teknisk infrastruktur, analysera hur våra tjänster används, mäta effektiviteten hos annonser och tjänster, tillhandahålla kundtjänst, underlätta betalningar eller genomföra akademisk forskning och undersökningar. Dessa partners måste följa strikta sekretessförpliktelser på ett sätt som är förenligt med denna policy och de avtal vi ingår med dem.
Analyser och annonsörer
När vi har rätt att göra det i enlighet med tillämpliga regler för personlig uppgiftsbehandling, kommer vi att dela med dig av din personliga information till:
Analys- och sökmotorleverantörer som AWS och Google Analytics som hjälper oss att förbättra och optimera vår webbplats.  Vi vill att vår webbplats och reklam ska vara så relevant och intressant som möjligt för dig.
annonsörer och annonsnätverk som kräver data för att välja och visa relevant reklam för dig och andra, inklusive för en målgrupp. Dessa tredjepartsannonsörer samlar in, lagrar och använder data genom att integrera cookies och annan spårningsprogramvara i våra Tjänster. I vissa fall kommer dessa tredje parter också att använda de uppgifter som de samlar in för sina egna syften, exempelvis kan de sammanställa dina uppgifter med andra uppgifter som de har, och använda dessa för att informera om reklamrelaterade tjänster som tillhandahålls till andra kunder, och arbeta med andra reklamföretag och dela insamlade uppgifter med sådana företag som en del av processen.  Se vår Cookiepolicy här och Cookieförklaringen här för mer information om de tredje parts reklamföretag som samlar in, använder, behandlar och lagrar uppgifter om dig och användningen av cookies och andra spårningstekniker på våra Tjänster
sociala medier eller andra liknande plattformar, så att vi kan tillhandahålla relevant innehåll till dig via den plattformen, eller förhindra att du mottar innehåll som inte är tillämpligt för dig. Vi kan till exempel dela din e-postadress med Facebook, så att vi kan inkludera dig i (eller utesluta dig från) en anpassad målgrupp som vi (eller en tredje part för vår räkning) kommer att tillhandahålla innehåll till på Facebook, eller så kan vi skapa en målgrupp för andra Facebook-användare baserat på informationen i din Facebook-profil.
Andra tredje parter
Vi kommer också att, när vi har rätt att göra det i enlighet med tillämpliga personliga dataskyddsbestämmelser, dela dina personuppgifter med:
Les Mills-företag
följande valda tredje parter:
o	affärspartners, auktoriserade distributörer, klubbar med Les Mills-licens som tillhandahåller tjänster till oss som gör det möjligt för oss att utföra det avtal som vi ingår med dig och/eller för att förse dig med information om kampanjer och erbjudanden, eller för något av de andra syften som beskrivs i avsnittet ”Hur din information kommer att användas” enligt ovan
o	kreditupplysningsföretag i syfte att bedöma din kreditpoäng där detta är ett villkor för att vi ska ingå ett avtal med dig.
Offentliggörande under vissa omständigheter
Vi kommer, när vi har rätt att göra det i enlighet med tillämpliga personuppgiftsbestämmelser, även att lämna ut dina personuppgifter till tredje part under följande omständigheter:
I händelse av att vi säljer eller köper någon verksamhet eller några tillgångar, i vilket fall vi lämnar ut dina personuppgifter till den presumtive säljaren eller köparen av sådan verksamhet eller sådana tillgångar som omfattas av lämpliga sekretessarrangemang
Om LMM eller i stort sett alla dess tillgångar förvärvas av en tredje part, i vilket fall personuppgifter som innehas av LMM om dess kunder kommer att vara en av de överförda tillgångarna
Om vi är skyldiga att lämna ut eller dela dina personuppgifter för att efterleva någon rättslig skyldighet,
För att genomdriva eller tillämpa våra användningsvillkor för webbplatsen (www.lesmills.com/användarvillkorwebbplatsvillkor), inklusive LES MILLS+-appens Användarvillkor (som visas i App Store när du laddar ner den) eller inköpsvillkor och andra avtal, eller för att skydda rättigheter, egendom eller säkerhet för något Les Mills-företag, våra kunder eller andra. Detta omfattar utbyte av information med andra företag och organisationer för att skydda mot bedrägerier och minska kreditrisker
Om du på annat sätt har samtyckt till att vi gör det.
Tillbaka till toppen
5. VAR VI LAGRAR DINA UPPGIFTER OCH INTERNATIONELLA ÖVERFÖRINGAR
Enskilda personer (särskilt inom EES eller Storbritannien) bör vara medvetna om att vi och andra tredjepartsmottagare av deras personuppgifter, såsom Les Mills-företagen eller våra tjänsteleverantörer, inte är belägna inom din jurisdiktion eller inom EES eller Storbritannien, och att vi kan överföra dina uppgifter till dessa platser.
Personuppgifter kan till exempel överföras till Les Mils Group-företagen i Nya Zeeland i samband med de syften som anges ovan. Vår videoplattformsleverantör (Vimeo) och e-handelsplattform (Magento) är baserade i USA och därför kan dina personuppgifter överföras till USA. När vi överför dina uppgifter till en tredje part i ett annat land, kommer åtgärder att vidtas för att skydda dina personuppgifter på ett sätt som är förenligt med tillämpliga integritetslagar, inklusive (i förekommande fall) EU-förordning 2016/679 (”
GDPR
”), GDPR enligt lagen i Storbritannien och Storbritanniens dataskyddslag 2018 (UK Data Protection Act 2018). Dessa åtgärder omfattar eventuellt att:
säkerställa att Europeiska kommissionen fattar beslut om adekvat skyddsnivå vid överföringar från EES eller från Storbritanniens regering vid överföringar från Storbritannien, vilket innebär att mottagarlandet anses tillhandahålla tillräckligt skydd för sådana personuppgifter
Införa standardavtal med mottagaren som har godkänts av Europeiska kommissionen (eller den brittiska regeringen vid överföringar från Storbritannien). Dessa standardavtalsklausuler inkluderar vissa skyddsåtgärder för att skydda personuppgifterna, och
vidta alla rimliga försiktighetsåtgärder för att säkerställa att dina personuppgifter behandlas säkert och i enlighet med denna Integritetspolicy.
Tillbaka till toppen
6. DATALAGRING
Vi behåller endast de personuppgifter vi samlar in om vi behöver dem för att stödja berättigade affärskrav eller när våra lagliga ändamål för att använda uppgifterna kräver lagring. När vi inte längre behöver personuppgifterna, kommer vi eller våra tredjepartsleverantörer att på ett säkert sätt radera och/eller arkivera informationen. För mer information om var och hur länge dina personuppgifter lagras, och för mer information om dina rättigheter till radering och portabilitet, se nedan under "Dina rättigheter".
Tillbaka till toppen
7. SÄKERHET FÖR DIN INFORMATION
Vi upprätthåller fysiska, tekniska och administrativa skyddsåtgärder för att hjälpa till att skydda integriteten för data och personligt identifierbar information som du överför genom användning av vår webbplats och våra portaler. All information som du lämnar till oss lagras på våra säkra servrar eller på säkra servrar eller säkra tjänster som kontrolleras av tredje parter å våra vägnar (se ”Utlämnande av information” ovan). Alla betalningstransaktioner kommer att krypteras med SSL-teknik. Om vi har gett dig (eller om du har valt) ett lösenord som ger dig åtkomst till vissa delar av vår webbplats, är du ansvarig för att hålla detta lösenord konfidentiellt.
Vi uppdaterar och testar vår säkerhetsteknik kontinuerligt. Vi begränsar åtkomsten till dina personuppgifter till de anställda som behöver känna till informationen för att kunna erbjuda dig förmåner eller tjänster. Dessutom utbildar vi våra anställda om vikten av sekretess och att upprätthålla integriteten och säkerheten för din information. Vi åtar oss att vidta lämpliga disciplinära åtgärder för att upprätthålla våra anställdas integritetsansvar.
Tyvärr är överföringen av information via internet inte helt säker. Även om vi kommer att göra vårt bästa för att skydda dina personuppgifter, kan vi inte garantera säkerheten för dina uppgifter som överförs till vår webbplats. All överföring sker på egen risk. När vi har mottagit dina uppgifter kommer vi att använda strikta procedurer och säkerhetsfunktioner för att försöka förhindra obehörig åtkomst.
Ytterligare information om de åtgärder vi vidtar för att skydda dina personuppgifter finns tillgänglig från oss på begäran genom att när som helst kontakta oss via e-post på privacy@lesmills.com.
Tillbaka till toppen
8. LÄNKADE WEBBPLATSER
Webbplatsen kan innehålla länkar till andra webbplatser. Vi ansvarar inte för tillförlitligheten i innehållet eller integritetsrutinerna på sådana andra webbplatser.
Tillbaka till toppen
9. DISKUSSIONSFORUM
Vi kan tillhandahålla dig chattfunktioner, snabbmeddelanden, anslagstavlor, diskussionsforum och/eller nyhetsgrupper via webbplatsen eller på annat sätt. Kom ihåg att all information som du lämnar ut på den offentliga delen av webbplatsen kommer att bli offentlig information och vara tillgänglig för allmänheten. Vi avser inte (men förbehåller oss rätten) att övervaka, moderera eller granska innehållet i användarinlägg. Vi har inget ansvar för sådant innehåll, och du bör vara försiktig när du överväger om du ska lämna ut dina personuppgifter på webbplatsen via offentliga eller privata forum.
Tillbaka till toppen
10. BARN
Vi samlar inte medvetet in information från barn under 13 år (eller relevant ålder för att ge giltigt samtycke i din jurisdiktion, om detta är annorlunda) och webbplatsen och appen riktar sig inte till barn under 13 år (eller relevant ålder för att ge giltigt samtycke i din jurisdiktion, om det är annorlunda).  Vi uppmuntrar föräldrar och vårdnadshavare att ta en aktiv roll i sina barns aktiviteter och intressen online.
Kontakta oss på privacy@lesmills.com om du är medveten om att vi av misstag kan ha samlat in personuppgifter från ett barn.
Tillbaka till toppen
11. FÖRLORAD ELLER STULEN INFORMATION
Du får inte dela ditt användarnamn eller lösenord med någon, och du bör hålla dessa säkra.  Meddela oss omedelbart via e-post till support@lesmillsplus.com om ditt användarnamn eller lösenord förloras, stjäls eller används utan tillstånd. Efter föregående meddelande kommer vi att annullera detta användarnamn eller lösenord och uppdatera våra register i enlighet därmed.  Vi rekommenderar att olika lösenord används för alla dina online-konton.
Tillbaka till toppen
12. ALTERNATIV FÖR ATT VÄLJA BORT MARKNADSFÖRING
Om du inte bor i Storbritannien eller EES, har du rätt att neka vår användning av dina personuppgifter för (eller välja bort) marknadsföringskommunikation. Om du gör det, kommer ditt namn att märkas i våra register så att du inte kommer att behöva bli kontaktad i det syftet i framtiden, om du inte senare begär det eller samtycker till framtida kontakt.
Om du bor i Storbritannien, Brasilien eller EES måste du välja (eller samtycka) till marknadsföringskommunikation från oss, och du kan återkalla detta samtycke på samma sätt som att välja bort det nedan, såväl som via den metod som anges under ”återkallande av samtycke” nedan.
Du kan ”välja bort” genom att:
använda de kontaktuppgifter som tillhandahålls för detta ändamål i vårt utskick till dig
använda alternativet ”avprenumerera” i slutet av all elektronisk kommunikation som vi skickar till dig, eller
genom att skicka e-post till oss när som helst på privacy@lesmills.com.
Tillbaka till toppen
13. DINA RÄTTIGHETER
Beroende på vilket land du är bosatt i kan du ha specifika rättigheter avseende dina personuppgifter.
Rätt till åtkomst
Du kan ha rätt att begära åtkomst till vissa personuppgifter som vi innehar om dig, inklusive all information som vi har delat med våra Koncernföretag för direktmarknadsföring, med förbehåll för vissa villkor och begränsade undantag som anges i relevanta dataintegritetslagar.
Om du vill göra det, skicka din begäran via e-post till privacy@lesmills.com, och i den utsträckning vi är skyldiga att göra det enligt tillämplig lag kommer vi att behandla din begäran.
Vi kommer att vara så öppna som möjligt med dig i samband med din begäran, men ibland, i den utsträckning som tillåts av tillämpliga lagar, kanske vi inte innehar några personuppgifter om dig, eller kan behöva undanhålla personuppgifter från dig. Dessa omständigheter kan inkludera om informationen inte utgörs av dina personuppgifter, är kommersiellt känslig, omfattas av sekretesskydd, relaterar till en annan persons personuppgifter eller om det kan påverka säkerheten för våra anställda eller kunder att lämna ut den. Under dessa omständigheter kommer vi att undanhålla informationen, men vi kommer att förklara varför.
Rätt till korrigering
Du kan begära att vi korrigerar (rättar till) dina registrerade personuppgifter som upprätthålls av oss om de är felaktiga eller inaktuella.
Återkalla samtycke
Om vi förlitar oss på ditt samtycke till att vi använder dina personuppgifter på ett visst sätt, men du senare ändrar dig, kan du dra tillbaka ditt samtycke genom att kontakta oss på privacy@lesmills.com, så kommer vi att upphöra med att göra det. Om du återkallar ditt samtycke, kan detta dock påverka möjligheten för oss att kunna tillhandahålla våra tjänster till dig (vi kan till exempel inte tillhandahålla dig marknadsföringsinformation).
Andra rättigheter
Invånare i EES, Schweiz, Storbritannien och Brasilien kan också ha särskilda ytterligare rättigheter enligt dataskyddslagstiftning inom EES/Europeiska unionen, Schweiz, Storbritannien respektive Brasilien, inklusive rätten att:
begära information om existensen och syftet med behandlingen, vilka kategorier av personuppgifter som berörs, vem som utanför Les Mills-företagen kan ha fått uppgifterna från oss, vilken källa informationen kom ifrån (om du inte gav dem direkt till oss), och hur länge den kommer att lagras
erhålla information om möjligheten att neka till behandling som är beroende av ditt samtycke (och konsekvenserna av att göra det) samt radera personuppgifter som du tidigare har samtyckt till att vi använder (förutsatt att vi endast behöver dem för dessa ändamål)
begära att vi raderar uppgifterna eller upphör med att behandla dem, med vissa undantag
begära att vi anonymiserar, spärrar eller raderar onödiga eller överdrivna personuppgifter, inklusive personuppgifter som behandlas i strid med lagen.  Vi har naturligtvis för avsikt att aldrig samla in överflödiga personuppgifter och att följa lagen
granska beslut som vi kan ha fattat baserat på automatisk databehandling
be oss att inte behandla dina personuppgifter för de legitima intressen som vi har angett ovan. Under vissa omständigheter kanske vi inte kan upphöra med att använda dina personuppgifter, men om så är fallet meddelar vi dig och berättar varför
ta emot de personuppgifter som du har lämnat till oss i ett strukturerat, allmänt använt och maskinläsbart format och för att överföra dessa uppgifter till en annan personuppgiftsansvarig, och
lämna in ett klagomål till lämplig dataskyddsmyndighet om du har frågor om hur vi behandlar dina personuppgifter.  Den lokala myndigheten varierar beroende på land.  Alternativt kan du söka gottgörelse via domstolarna om du anser att dina rättigheter har kränkts.
Om du vill utöva din rätt till radering
klicka här
. Om du vill utöva någon av dina andra rättigheter, skicka en begäran till
privacy@lesmills.com
.
Tillbaka till toppen
14. MEDDELANDE TILL PERSONER BOSATTA I KALIFORNIEN
Detta avsnitt gäller endast personer som är bosatta i Kalifornien enligt California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (”CCPA”) och andra av Kaliforniens integritetslagar (tillsammans ”Kaliforniens lagar”).
Nedan följer en sammanfattning av de personuppgifter, såsom definieras i CCPA, som LES MILLS+ kan ha samlat in under de senaste tolv månaderna, anledningen till att vi samlar in dina personuppgifter, var vi erhåller de personuppgifter vi samlar in om dig, och vilka tredje parter med vilka vi delar dina personuppgifter som kategoriserade enligt definition och beskrivning i Kaliforniens lag.
Informationskategori:
Identifierare (t.ex. kontonamn, enhets-ID, e-postadress, IP-adress osv.)
Informationskällor:
Vi samlar in Identifierare när du registrerar dig för att använda vår webbplats och prenumererar på våra tjänster.
Syfte med informationsinsamling:
Vi samlar in Identifierare för att kommunicera med dig, ge dig information om andra varor och tjänster som vi erbjuder, genomdriva våra villkor
Hur vi delar dina personuppgifter:
Vi delar Identifierare med Tjänsteleverantörer och andra tredje parter för att utföra det avtal vi ingår med dig, och för att förse dig med våra tjänster och förse dig med information om andra varor och tjänster.
Informationskategori:
Kundregister i Kalifornien (t.ex. adress, namn, telefonnummer)
Informationskällor:
Vi samlar in personuppgifter när du registrerar dig för att använda vår webbplats och prenumererar på våra tjänster.
Syfte med informationsinsamling:
Vi samlar in personuppgifter för att kommunicera med dig, ge dig information om andra varor och tjänster som vi erbjuder, genomdriva våra villkor.
Hur vi delar dina personuppgifter:
Vi delar Personuppgifter med tjänsteleverantörer och andra tredje parter för att utföra det avtal vi ingår med dig, för att tillhandahålla dig våra tjänster och för att förse dig med information om andra varor och tjänster.
Informationskategori:
Kommersiell information (t.ex. produkter eller tjänster som köpts, erhållits eller övervägts, eller annan historik och trender för inköp eller konsumtion)
Informationskällor:
Vi samlar in kommersiell information genom din registrering för att använda vår webbplats och prenumerera på våra tjänster från andra Les Mills-webbplatser, andra tredje parter, vår app (om du laddar ner den) och sociala medier enligt ovan.
Syfte med informationsinsamling:
Vi samlar in kommersiell information för att kunna tillhandahålla våra tjänster, utföra det avtal vi ingår med dig och för dataanalys och för att skräddarsy din upplevelse av webbplatsen.
Hur vi delar dina personuppgifter:
Vi delar Kommersiell information med Tjänsteleverantörer och andra tredje parter för att utföra det avtal vi ingår med dig, och för att förse dig med våra tjänster och tillhandahålla dig information om andra varor och tjänster enligt ovan.
Informationskategori:
Information om internet-/nätverksaktiviteter (t.ex. webbplats eller app eller surfhistorik för annonser)
Informationskällor:
Vi samlar automatiskt in Elektronisk nätverksaktivitetsinformation genom din användning av vår webbplats, från andra Les Mills-webbplatser, andra tredje parter och sociala medier enligt ovan.
Syfte med informationsinsamling:
Vi samlar in Elektronisk nätverksaktivitetsinformation för att kommunicera med dig, ge dig information om andra varor och tjänster som vi erbjuder, genomdriva våra villkor.
Hur vi delar dina personuppgifter:
Vi delar Elektronisk nätverksaktivitetsinformation med tjänsteleverantörer och andra tredje parter för att utföra det avtal vi ingår med dig och i enlighet med rättsliga processer.
Informationskategori:
Geolokaliseringsdata
Informationskällor:
Vi samlar in Geolokaliseringsdata genom din registrering för att använda vår webbplats och prenumerera på våra tjänster.
Syfte med informationsinsamling:
Vi samlar in   Geolokaliseringsdata för att tillhandahålla dig våra tjänster, utföra det   avtal vi ingår med dig
Hur vi delar dina personuppgifter:
Vi delar Geolokaliseringsdata med Tjänsteleverantörer och andra tredje parter enligt vad som fastställs ovan för att efterleva rättsliga processer, utföra det avtal vi ingår med dig, för att tillhandahålla dig våra tjänster, tillhandahålla dig information om andra varor och tjänster, eventuella andra syften som anges ovan med ditt samtycke.
Enligt Kaliforniens lagar har personer bosatta i Kalifornien de rättigheter som anges nedan. Personer bosatta i Kalifornien kan utöva sina integritetsrättigheter genom att kontakta oss på support@lesmillsplus.com.  Vi kommer att behöva verifiera din identitet innan vi behandlar din begäran. För att verifiera din identitet, kräver vi i allmänhet antingen en lyckad inloggning på ditt konto eller en matchning av tillräcklig information som du ger oss med den information vi har om dig i våra system. Även om vi försöker begränsa vilka personuppgifter som samlas in i samband med en begäran om att utöva rätten till information och rätten till radering, kan vissa förfrågningar kräva att vi erhåller ytterligare personuppgifter från dig. Under vissa omständigheter kan vi avböja en begäran om att utöva rätten till information och rätten till radering, särskilt om vi inte kan verifiera din identitet.
Din rätt till åtkomst och radering utgör inte några absoluta rättigheter och är föremål för vissa undantag. Vi kan till exempel inte lämna ut specifika personuppgifter om utlämnandet skulle skapa en betydande, artikulerbar och orimlig risk för säkerheten för personuppgifterna, ditt konto hos oss eller säkerheten för företagets system eller nätverk.
Personer bosatta i Kalifornien har rätt att begära att vi lämnar ut (i) de kategorier av personuppgifter vi har samlat in om dem, (ii) de kategorier av källor från vilka personuppgifter samlas in, (iii) det affärsmässiga eller kommersiella syftet med insamlingen av uppgifter, (iv) de kategorier av tredje parter med vilka vi har delat personuppgifter och (v) de specifika personuppgifter som vi har om en individ.
Personer bosatta i Kalifornien har rätt att få sina personuppgifter raderade, såvida inte personuppgifterna är nödvändiga för att företaget eller tjänsteleverantören ska kunna:
o	genomföra en transaktion för vilken personuppgifterna samlades in, tillhandahålla en vara eller tjänst som konsumenten begärt eller på annat sätt fullgöra ett avtal mellan företaget och konsumenten
o	upptäcka säkerhetsincidenter
o	skydda mot skadlig, vilseledande, bedräglig eller olaglig verksamhet (eller åtala de ansvariga)
o	felsökning för att identifiera och reparera funktionsfel
o	utöva eller säkerställa en annan persons rätt att utöva yttrandefrihet eller annan laglig rätt
o	följa California Electronic Communications Privacy Act, som ger möjlighet att kräva utlämnande eller åtkomst till information i elektronisk kommunikation eller elektronisk enhet med en husrannsakningsorder
o	bedriva forskning i allmänhetens intresse (om konsumenten har lämnat informerat samtycke)
o	att möjliggöra användningsområden endast för internt bruk som är anpassade till konsumentens förväntningar med tanke på dennes relation till företaget
o	uppfylla en rättslig förpliktelse, eller
o	på annat sätt använda informationen internt på ett lagligt sätt som är förenligt med i vilket sammanhang konsumenten tillhandahöll den.
Personer bosatta i Kalifornien har rätt att välja bort att deras personuppgifter säljs till tredje part. Enligt Kaliforniens lagar kan Les Mills utlämnande av personuppgifter som rör marknadsföring och åtkomst av våra onlinetjänster till vissa tredje parter utgöra en ”försäljning” enligt CCPA:s definition av den termen. Du kan välja bort sådan informationsdelning i din webbläsare genom att klicka på länken Sälj inte min information i sidfoten på vår hemsida.
Vi kommer inte att diskriminera dig för att du utövar någon av dina CCPA-rättigheter. Såvida det inte är tillåtet av CCPA kommer vi inte att neka dig varor eller tjänster, ta ut andra priser eller avgifter för varor eller tjänster, inklusive genom att bevilja rabatter eller andra förmåner, eller utdöma påföljder, tillhandahålla dig en annan nivå eller kvalitet på varor eller tjänster, eller föreslå att du kan få ett annat pris eller avgift för varor eller tjänster eller en annan nivå eller kvalitet på varor eller tjänster.
Under vissa omständigheter kan du utse ett auktoriserat ombud för att skicka in begäran om att utöva vissa integritetsrättigheter å dina vägnar.  Vi kommer att kräva verifiering på att du gav det auktoriserade ombudet tillstånd att göra en begäran å dina vägnar. Du måste förse oss med en kopia av det undertecknade tillstånd som du har gett det auktoriserade ombudet för att skicka in begäran å dina vägnar och verifiera din egen identitet direkt till oss.
Enligt avsnitt 1798.83-1798.84 i California Civil Code, även kallat ”Shine the Light Law”, har alla våra användare som är bosatta i Kalifornien rätt att en gång om året, utan kostnad, få ett meddelande från oss som beskriver vilka kategorier av personuppgifter från kunder (om någon) som vi delat med tredje parter eller närstående företag för deras direkta marknadsföringssyften under det föregående kalenderåret. Om tillämpligt kommer meddelandet att identifiera kategorierna av information som lämnats ut, namn på och adresser till de tredje parter och dotterbolag som informationen delades med. Om du är bosatt i Kalifornien och vill begära en kopia av detta meddelande, ska du skicka en skriftlig begäran till följande adress CCPA@lesmills.com. I din begäran ska du ange att du vill ha ett ”Meddelande om integritetsrättigheter i Kalifornien”. Vänligen räkna med att det kan ta minst trettio dagar innan du får svar.
Tillbaka till toppen
15. KONTAKTA OSS
För att utöva dina avregistreringsrättigheter, få tillgång till dina användaruppgifter, få mer information om denna Integritetspolicy eller ge oss råd om andra frågor gällande dina erfarenheter av LMM eller webbplatsen, ska du kontakta oss via e-post på:
Les Mills Media Limited, 200 Victoria Street West, Auckland 1010, Nya Zeeland
E-post:
privacy@lesmills.com
Tillbaka till toppen
16. ÄNDRINGAR I DENNA POLICY
Vi kan uppdatera eller ändra denna Integritetspolicy när som helst. Vi kommer att informera dig om eventuella ändringar genom att publicera en uppdaterad policy på vår webbplats och (om tillämpligt) meddela dig via post eller e-post. Alla sådana ändringar träder i kraft omedelbart efter att de har publicerats på webbplatsen.  Om tillämplig lag kräver att vi gör det, kommer vi att be om ditt samtycke till sådana ändringar och ge dig möjlighet att säga upp ditt abonnemang.
Tillbaka till toppen
17. SPRÅK
Denna policy kan översättas till andra språk. Du samtycker till att om det finns några inkonsekvenser mellan översättningen och denna policy, kommer den engelska versionen att gälla.
Tillbaka till toppen
سياسة خصوصية خدمة +LES MILLS
تاريخ التحديث الأخير 11 مارس 2024
تعمل شركة ليس ميلز ميديا ليمتد (يُشار إليها فيما يلي باسم “ليس ميلز” أو ضمير المتكلم “نحن” أو “مشتقاته”) ، وهي شركة تأسست في نيوزيلندا ويقع عنوانها في ٢٠٠ فيكتوريا ستريت ويست، أوكلاند، نيوزيلندا، على إدارة الموقع الإلكتروني lesmillsonquest.com (بما في ذلك جميع المحتويات والوظائف المتاحة من خلال اسم النطاق lesmillsonquest.com وأي نطاقات أو مجالات فرعية مخصصة حسب البلد أو المنطقة) وإدارة تطبيق +LES MILLS (يُشار إليهما مجتمعين باسم “الموقع”)
النقاط الرئيسية:
×     يشمل نوع المعلومات الشخصية التي نعالجها المعلومات التي تقدمها عند استخدام موقعنا أو خدماتنا، والمعلومات الفنية حول جهازك، والإعدادات واستخدام الموقع، والمعلومات التي نتلقاها من أطراف خارجية، مثل مقدمي خدمات المواقع الإلكترونية الآخرين، وشبكات الإعلانات، وشركات وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي، ونوادي الصحة واللياقة البدنية إلى جانب، حيثما أمكن ذلك، والمعلومات المتعلقة بدورك كمدرب.
×     نستخدم بياناتك، من بين أمور أخرى، لتزويدك بموقعنا وخدماتنا أو معلومات عنها، وتخصيص خدماتنا لك وتحليلها وتقديم (أو السماح للآخرين بتقديم) الإعلانات المستهدفة، والامتثال لأي التزام قانوني أو تنظيمي، وتقييم (إذا كنت مدربًا) أدائك وتقديم المعلومات المتعلقة بدورك.
×     توافق على أنه يجوز لنا، إلى الحد المسموح به بموجب القانون المعمول به، أن نرسل لك مواد تسويقية تتعلق بخدماتنا والتي يمكنك إلغاء الاشتراك فيها في أي وقت عن طريق إرسال بريد إلكتروني إلى privacy@lesmills.com أو النقر فوق إلغاء الاشتراك أسفل أي بريد إلكتروني تسويقي.
×     نشارك البيانات مع مقدمي الخدمات التابعين لنا والأطراف الخارجية الأخرى بغرض أداء التزاماتنا التعاقدية تجاهك، وذلك بهدف تزويدك بالمعلومات وتبليغ الإعلانات وإجراء فحوصات الائتمان والخلفية (عند الاقتضاء).
×     بناءً على مكان تواجدك، لديك عدد من الحقوق التي يمكنك ممارستها فيما يتعلق باستخدامنا لبياناتك الشخصية، ويمكنك ممارستها عن طريق إرسال طلبك عبر البريد الإلكتروني إلى
privacy@lesmills.com
.
يمكنك العثور على معلومات عنا وعن كيفية قيامنا بجمع بياناتك الشخصية واستخدامها وتخزينها في كل قسم من أقسام هذه السياسة:
المصطلحات المستخدمة في سياسة الخصوصية
المعلومات التي نجمعها عنك
كيف سيتم استخدام معلوماتك
الإفصاح عن معلوماتك
أين نخزن معلوماتك الشخصية وعمليات النقل الدولية
الاحتفاظ بالبيانات
أمن معلوماتك
المواقع المرتبطة
المنتديات العامة
الأطفال
فقدان المعلومات أو سرقتها
خيار إلغاء الاشتراك
حقوقك
إشعار للمقيمين في كاليفورنيا
تواصل معنا
التغييرات في سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا
اللغة
المصطلحات المستخدمة في سياسة الخصوصية
·       "أنت" تعني أنت، أو الشخص الذي يستخدم خدماتنا، أو يزور الموقع.
·       "شركات المجموعة" تعني شركة ليس ميلز إنترناشيونال ليمتد وجميع الشركات التابعة والفرعية؛ المملوكة من وقت لآخر لشركة ليس ميلز إنترناشيونال ليمتد (بخلافنا) والتي تقدم السلع والخدمات المتعلقة باللياقة البدنية. إذا كنت بحاجةٍ إلى قائمة كاملة بالكيانات التي تتألف منها شركات المجموعة، فيُرجى الاتصال بنا على النحو الموضح في قسم "الاتصال" أدناه.
·       "مجموعة ليس ميلز" يُقصد بها نحن وشركات المجموعة.
·       "الخدمات" تعني خدمة الاشتراك في +LES MILLS. قد يتم توفير الخدمات لك على موقع سطح المكتب الخاص بنا أو عبر تطبيقنا.
Back to top
المعلومات التي نجمعها عنك
سنجمع المعلومات التالية عنك ونعالجها:
المعلومات التي تقدمها لنا
هذه معلومات عنك تقدمها لنا عند تصفحك للموقع أو استخدامك له أو مراسلتنا عبر الهاتف أو الرسائل القصيرة أو البريد الإلكتروني أو وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي أو غير ذلك. وهي تشمل المعلومات التي تقدمها عندما تقوم بما يلي:
·       التسجيل لاستخدام موقعنا؛
·       الاشتراك في خدماتنا؛
·       تقديم طلب على موقعنا؛
·       المشاركة في منتديات المناقشة أو غيرها من وظائف وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي على موقعنا؛
·       الدخول في مسابقة؛ و
·       الاتصال بنا أو الإبلاغ عن مشكلة في موقعنا.
تتضمن المعلومات التي تقدمها لنا اسمك وعنوانك وبلدك وتاريخ ميلادك وعنوان بريدك الإلكتروني ورقم هاتفك ومعلومات بطاقة الائتمان الخاصة بك (التي يتم تسجيلها بغرض الدفع ولا يتم تخزينها) إذا اشتركت في خدماتنا أو قمت بطلب شراء على موقعنا ووصف شخصي وصور فوتوغرافية ومقاطع فيديو وصور أو تعليقات واهتماماتك وتفضيلاتك المتعلقة باللياقة البدنية مثل تفضيلاتك التسويقية.
تعتبر هذه المعلومات مطلوبة من أجل تقديم الخدمات لك. وإذا لم تقدم هذه المعلومات، فقد تؤخرنا عن تقديم الخدمات أو تمنعنا من ذلك.
المعلومات التي نجمعها عنك
فيما يتعلق بكل زيارة من زياراتك لموقعنا، سنجمع المعلومات التالية تلقائيًا:
·       المعلومات الفنية، بما في ذلك عنوان بروتوكول الإنترنت (IP) المستخدم لتوصيل الكمبيوتر أو الجهاز بالإنترنت، ومعلومات تسجيل الدخول، ونوع المتصفح وإصداره، وإعداد المنطقة الزمنية، وبيانات الموقع، وأنواع المكونات الإضافية للمتصفح وإصداراتها، ونظام التشغيل والمنصة؛
·       معلومات حول زيارتك، بما في ذلك عنوان URL الكامل، وتدفق النقر إلى موقعنا ومن خلاله ومنه (بما في ذلك التاريخ والوقت)، والصفحات أو المنتجات التي شاهدتها أو بحثت عنها، وأوقات استجابة الصفحة، وأخطاء التنزيل، وطول الزيارات إلى صفحات معينة، ومعلومات تفاعل الصفحة (مثل التمرير والنقر بالماوس)، والطرق المستخدمة للتصفح بعيدًا عن الصفحة؛ و
·       معلومات حول كيفية استخدامك للخدمات بما في ذلك، على سبيل المثال لا الحصر، استهلاك الفيديو وتشغيله وتسجيل الدخول وتسجيل الخروج وخطأ التشغيل.
قد يحتوي موقعنا أيضًا على ميزات وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي، مثل زر "الإعجاب في فيسبوك (Facebook Like)". وقد تجمع هذه الميزات عنوان بروتوكول الإنترنت (IP) الخاص بك، والصفحة التي تزورها على موقعنا، وقد تضبط ملف تعريف ارتباط لتمكين الميزة من العمل بشكلٍ صحيح. ويتم استضافة ميزات وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي وعناصر واجهة المستخدم بواسطة طرف خارجي أو يتم استضافتها مباشرة على موقعنا. وتخضع تفاعلاتك مع هذه الميزات أيضًا لسياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بالشركة التي توفرها.
للحصول على معلومات مفصلة حول ملفات تعريف الارتباط التي نستخدمها والأغراض التي نستخدمها من أجلها، يُرجى الرجوع إلى سياسة ملفات تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بنا
هنا
وإعلان ملفات تعريف الارتباط
هنا
.
المعلومات التي نتلقاها من مصادر أخرى.
المواقع الإلكترونية الأخرى لشركة ليس ميلز:
قد نتلقى معلومات عنك إذا كنت تستخدم أيًا من المواقع الإلكترونية الأخرى التي تديرها شركات ليس ميلز أو الخدمات الأخرى التي تقدمها مجموعة ليس ميلز.
الأطراف الخارجية:
نعمل عن كثب مع مجموعة من الأطراف الخارجية (بما في ذلك، على سبيل المثال، شركاء الأعمال والموزعين المعتمدين ونوادي ومنشآت الصحة و/أو اللياقة البدنية أو أي مؤسسة أخرى قامت ليس ميلز بترخيصها لتنفيذ برامج ليس ميلز ("النوادي المرخصة") والمقاولين من الباطن في الخدمات الفنية وخدمات الدفع والتسليم وشبكات الإعلانات ومقدمي خدمات التحليلات والمعلنين ومقدمي معلومات البحث ووكالات الائتمان المرجعية والأطراف الخارجية التي تُمكّن وظيفة تسجيل الدخول وتكامل الشبكات الاجتماعية) ويجوز أن نحصل على معلومات بشأنك منها.
وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي:
إذا تواصلت معنا عبر منصات معينة على وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي، أو اخترت استخدام الميزات الموجودة على هذا الموقع أو المواقع الإلكترونية لشركات مجموعة ليس ميلز الأخرى التي تتصل بملفاتك التعريفية عبر الإنترنت أو حساباتك على وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي ("حسابات وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي")، يجوز أن نجمع أي معلومات تسمح بها من خلال إعداداتك على حسابات وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي هذه. على سبيل المثال، إذا قمت بتسجيل الدخول إلى موقعنا باستخدام حسابك على فيسبوك وسمحت لفيسبوك بمشاركة معلومات ملفك التعريفي معنا، يجوز أن نجمع هذه المعلومات. تشمل المعلومات التي نتلقاها من حساباتك على وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي عنوان البريد الإلكتروني والاسم الأول والأخير والموقع (الموطن والبلد) والنوع وتاريخ الميلاد والإعجابات والاهتمامات وعدد الاتصالات والمهنة والمنشورات أو غيرها من الأنشطة الاجتماعية. وقد تتغير المعلومات التي قد تقدمها لنا منصة وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي الخاصة بك عبر حسابك على وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي من وقتٍ لآخر. يُرجى مراجعة إعدادات خصوصية حسابك على وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي للتحكم في المعلومات التي يتم مشاركتها معنا.
Back to top
كيف سيتم استخدام معلوماتك
نستخدم المعلومات التي نحتفظ بها عنك بالطرق التالية:
‌أ.
إلى الحد الذي يسمح به القانون المعمول به، نعمل على معالجة البيانات للأغراض التالية بناءً على مصالحنا المشروعة:
·       إدارة موقعنا والعمليات الداخلية، بما في ذلك استكشاف الأخطاء وإصلاحها وتحليل البيانات والأمن والاختبار والبحث والأغراض الإحصائية والمسحية؛
·       تزويدك بمعلوماتٍ عن السلع والخدمات الأخرى التي نقدمها والتي تشبه تلك التي اشتريتها بالفعل أو استفسرت عنها؛
·       تزويدك بأحدث المعلومات والعروض المتعلقة بالصحة واللياقة البدنية إذا كنت تعيش خارج المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية أو المملكة المتحدة أو البرازيل، ما لم تختر إلغاء الاشتراك (انظر إلغاء الاشتراك في التسويق)؛
·       تخصيص تجربتك على الموقع؛
·       تقديم (أو السماح لأطراف خارجية بتقديم) إعلانات مستهدفة عبر المواقع الإلكترونية التي تزورها حول السلع أو الخدمات التي قد تجدها مثيرة للاهتمام (طالع المزيد بشأن ذلك أدناه في قسم "الإفصاح عن معلوماتك" وفي سياسة ملفات تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بنا
هنا
وإعلان ملفات تعريف الارتباط
هنا
) وقياس مدى فعالية هذه الإعلانات أو فهمها. وبالمثل، يجوز أن نستخدم معلوماتك أيضًا لاستبعادك من بعض المجموعات الإعلانية المستهدفة، على سبيل المثال، إذا كنا نعرف بالفعل أنك مشترك في خدمات شركة ليس ميلز، فقد لا ندرجك في بعض الإعلانات التي تشجع المنضمين الجدد؛ أو
·       تتبع التقدم المُحرز وعدد المشاركات في المسابقات والعروض الترويجية.
‌أ.
إلى الحد الذي يسمح به القانون المعمول به، سنعالج البيانات عندما يكون من الضروري الوفاء بعقدنا معك:
نجمع معلوماتك الشخصية ونخزنها ونستخدمها بما في ذلك اسمك وعنوان بريدك الإلكتروني وتفاصيل تسجيل الدخول ومعلومات الدفع ومعلومات حول كيفية استخدامك للخدمات والوصول إليها إذ تعتبر ضرورية لتقديم الخدمات التي تطلبها بموجب العقد المبرم بينك وبيننا عندما توافق على شروط الاستخدام التي نطبقها. ويشمل ذلك:
o      توفير الخدمات لك؛
o      تقديم أي خدمات تطلبها والرد على استفساراتك؛
o      إدارة الخدمات ومعالجة مدفوعاتك حيث تشتري الخدمات منا (بما في ذلك، على سبيل المثال لا الحصر، استخدام مقدمي الخدمات الخارجيين لمعالجة هذه المدفوعات)؛
o      إخطارك بالتغييرات التي تطرأ على خدماتنا؛ و
o      متطلبات إدارة الخدمة والحساب، على سبيل المثال، في الحالات التي نحتاج فيها إلى الاتصال بك لأسباب تتعلق بالخدمات (على سبيل المثال، عندما نحتاج إلى إرسال تذكير بكلمة المرور إليك أو لإعلامك بتحديثات الخدمات أو التعديلات على شروط الاستخدام الخاصة بنا أو سياسة الخصوصية هذه).
‌أ.
سنعمد إلى معالجة البيانات للأغراض التالية بناءً على موافقتك:
·       المشاركة في الميزات التفاعلية لخدمتنا، عندما تختار القيام بذلك. ويشمل ذلك أي من نماذج "الاتصال بنا" أو ميزات المنتديات العامة التي نقدمها على موقعنا مثل منتديات المجتمع أو وضع التعليقات أو ميزات الدردشة؛
·       تزويدك بأحدث المعلومات والعروض المتعلقة بالصحة واللياقة البدنية إذا كنت تعيش في المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية أو المملكة المتحدة أو البرازيل؛ و
‌أ.
سنعالج البيانات عند الضرورة للامتثال لجميع المتطلبات القانونية.
·       على سبيل المثال:
o      إذا كان لديك اشتراك مدفوع لاستخدام الخدمات والعيش في المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية، فإننا مطالبون قانونًا بتمكينك من، ويحق لك قانونًا، مشاهدة الخدمات عند زيارتك لدولة أخرى في المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية.
o      إذا تلقينا طلبًا للحصول على معلومات من جهة تنظيمية، فقد يتعين علينا أيضًا معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية للاستجابة لهذا الطلب.
Back to top
الإفصاح عن معلوماتك
مقدمو الخدمات
بالنسبة لبعض الأغراض التي نستخدم البيانات الشخصية من أجلها (انظر أعلاه)، سنقوم بإشراك طرف خارجي. وإذا ما احتاج هذا الطرف الخارجي إلى الوصول إلى البيانات الشخصية لتنفيذ مهمته، إلى الحد الذي تسمح به القوانين المعمول بها، فسنشارك البيانات معه، وسنضمن أن الطرف الخارجي لن يستخدم البيانات إلا بناءً على تعليماتنا. وتعتبر هذه الأطراف الخارجية معالجي البيانات الذين يعملون نيابة عنا، بيد أننا سنظل مسؤولين عن بياناتك.
سنقوم بإشراك المؤسسات التي تقدم الخدمات لنا (بما في ذلك شركات ليس ميلز) مثل الموردين ومقدمي الخدمات والشركاء الآخرين الذين يدعمون أعمالنا على مستوى العالم. وتعمل هذه الأطراف الخارجية على تقديم مجموعة من الخدمات مثل تقديم خدمات البنية التحتية الفنية، أو تحليل كيفية استخدام خدماتنا، أو قياس فعالية الإعلانات والخدمات، أو تقديم خدمة العملاء، أو تسهيل المدفوعات، أو إجراء الأبحاث والدراسات الاستقصائية الأكاديمية. ويجب على هؤلاء الشركاء التقيد بالتزامات السرية الصارمة بطريقة تتفق مع هذه السياسة والاتفاقيات التي نبرمها معهم.
التحليلات والمعلنون
عندما يكون لدينا الحق في القيام بذلك وفقًا للوائح البيانات الشخصية المعمول بها، سنشارك معلوماتك الشخصية مع:
·       مقدمي خدمات التحليلات ومحركات البحث مثل أمازون ويب سيرفيسز وجوجل أناليتكس الذين يساعدونا على تحسين موقعنا وتعزيزه. والهدف من ذلك هو رغبتنا في أن يصبح موقعنا وإعلاناتنا ذات صلة ومثيرة للاهتمام بالنسبة لك قدر الإمكان؛
·       المعلنين وشبكات الإعلان التي تتطلب البيانات لتحديد الإعلانات ذات الصلة وتقديمها لك وللآخرين، بما في ذلك الجمهور المستهدف. وتعمل شركات الإعلانات الخارجية هذه على جمع البيانات وتخزينها واستخدامها من خلال دمج ملفات تعريف الارتباط وبرامج التتبع الأخرى على خدماتنا. وفي بعض الحالات، تستخدم هذه الأطراف الخارجية أيضًا البيانات التي تجمعها لأغراضها الخاصة، على سبيل المثال، قد تجمع بياناتك مع بيانات أخرى تحتفظ بها وتستخدمها للإبلاغ عن الخدمات ذات الصلة بالإعلان المقدمة إلى عملاء آخرين والعمل مع شركات إعلانية أخرى ومشاركة المعلومات التي يتم جمعها مع هذه الشركات كجزء من العملية. يُرجى الاطلاع على سياسة ملفات تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بنا
هنا
وإعلان ملفات تعريف الارتباط
هنا
للاطلاع على مزيدٍ من المعلومات حول شركات الإعلانات الخارجية التي تجمع بيانات عنك وتستخدمها وتعالجها وتخزنها، واستخدام ملفات تعريف الارتباط وتقنيات التتبع الأخرى على خدماتنا؛
·       وسائل التواصل الاجتماعي أو غيرها من المنصات المماثلة حتى نتمكن من تقديم المحتوى ذي الصلة لك عبر تلك المنصة، أو استبعادك من تلقي المحتوى غير القابل للتطبيق عليك. على سبيل المثال، قد نشارك عنوان بريدك الإلكتروني مع فيسبوك حتى نتمكن من إدراجك ضمن (أو استبعادك من) جمهور مخصص سوف نقوم (أو يقوم طرف خارجي نيابة عنا) بتقديم المحتوى له على فيسبوك، أو قد ننشئ جمهورًا من مستخدمي فيسبوك الآخرين بناءً على المعلومات الواردة في صفحة ملفك التعريفي على فيسبوك.
الأطراف الخارجية الأخرى
سنقوم أيضًا، عندما يكون لدينا الحق في القيام بذلك وفقًا للوائح البيانات الشخصية المعمول بها، بمشاركة معلوماتك الشخصية مع:
·       شركات ليس ميلز؛
·       الأطراف الخارجية المحددة التالية:
o      شركاء الأعمال والموزعين المعتمدين والنوادي المرخصة من ليس ميلز التي تقدم لنا الخدمات التي تسمح لنا بتنفيذ العقد الذي نبرمه معك و/أو تزويدك بمعلومات حول العروض الترويجية والعروض المقدمة، أو لأي من الأغراض الأخرى الموضحة في قسم "كيفية استخدام معلوماتك" أعلاه؛
o      وكالات الائتمان المرجعية بغرض تقييم درجة الائتمان الخاصة بك عندما يكون ذلك شرطًا لإبرام عقد معك.
الإفصاح في ظل ظروف معينة
سنقوم أيضًا، عندما يكون لدينا الحق في القيام بذلك وفقًا للوائح البيانات الشخصية المعمول بها، بالإفصاح عن معلوماتك الشخصية إلى أطراف خارجية في الظروف التالية:
·       في حالة قيامنا ببيع أو شراء أي أعمال أو أصول، وفي هذه الحالة سنكشف عن معلوماتك الشخصية للبائع أو المشتري المحتمل لهذه الأعمال أو الأصول وفقًا لترتيبات السرية المناسبة؛
·       إذا تم الاستحواذ على شركة ليس ميلز أو جميع أصولها بشكلٍ أساسي من قبل طرف خارجي، ففي هذه الحالة ستكون المعلومات الشخصية التي تحتفظ بها عن عملائها أحد الأصول المنقولة؛
·       إذا كنا مُلزمين بالإفصاح عن معلوماتك الشخصية أو مشاركتها من أجل الامتثال لأي التزام قانوني؛
·       من أجل فرض أو تطبيق شروط استخدام موقعنا الإلكتروني (
www.lesmills.com/terms-to-usesite-terms
) بما في ذلك شروط استخدام تطبيق +LES MILLS (تظهر في متجر التطبيقات عند تنزيله) أو شروط
الشراء
والاتفاقيات الأخرى؛ أو من أجل حماية حقوق أو ملكية أو سلامة أي من شركات ليس ميلز أو عملائها أو الآخرين. ويشمل ذلك تبادل المعلومات مع الشركات والمؤسسات الأخرى لأغراض الحماية من الاحتيال والحد من مخاطر الائتمان؛
·       عندما توافق بخلاف ذلك على أنه يجوز لنا القيام بذلك.
Back to top
أين نخزن معلوماتك الشخصية وعمليات النقل الدولية
يجب أن يكون الأفراد (خاصة داخل المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية أو المملكة المتحدة) على دراية بأننا والمتلقين الخارجيين لمعلوماتهم الشخصية، مثل شركات ليس ميلز أو مقدمي الخدمات التابعين لنا، لن نتواجد في نطاق اختصاصك القضائي أو داخل المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية أو المملكة المتحدة ويجوز أن ننقل بياناتهم إلى تلك المواقع.
على سبيل المثال، قد يتم نقل البيانات الشخصية إلى شركات مجموعة ليس ميلز في نيوزيلندا فيما يتعلق بالأغراض المذكورة أعلاه. ونشير إلى أن مقر مقدم خدمات منصة الفيديو (فيميو) ومنصة التجارة الإلكترونية (ماجنتو) يقعان في الولايات المتحدة، وبالتالي قد يتم نقل بياناتك الشخصية إلى الولايات المتحدة. وعندما ننقل بياناتك إلى طرف خارجي في دولة أخرى، سيتم اتخاذ الخطوات اللازمة لحماية معلوماتك الشخصية بطريقة تتوافق مع قوانين الخصوصية المعمول بها بما في ذلك (حسب الاقتضاء) لائحة الاتحاد الأوروبي 2016/679 ("
اللائحة العامة لحماية البيانات
")، اللائحة العامة لحماية البيانات على النحو الوارد في القانون البريطاني وقانون حماية البيانات البريطاني لعام 2018. وقد تشمل هذه الخطوات ما يلي:
·       ضمان وجود قرار ملائم من المفوضية الأوروبية في حالة عمليات النقل خارج المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية، أو من قبل حكومة المملكة المتحدة في حالة عمليات النقل خارج المملكة المتحدة، مما يعني أن البلد المتلقي يُعتبر أنه يوفر الحماية الكافية لهذه البيانات الشخصية؛
·       وضع ترتيبات تعاقدية قياسية نموذجية مع المتلقي والتي تم اعتمادها من قبل المفوضية الأوروبية (أو حكومة المملكة المتحدة لعمليات النقل خارج المملكة المتحدة). وتتضمن هذه البنود التعاقدية النموذجية ضمانات معينة لحماية البيانات الشخصية؛ و
·       اتخاذ جميع الاحتياطات المعقولة لضمان التعامل مع معلوماتك الشخصية بشكلٍ آمن ووفقًا لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
Back to top
لاحتفاظ بالبيانات
نحتفظ فقط بالمعلومات الشخصية التي نجمعها إذا احتجنا إليها لغرض دعم متطلبات العمل المبررة أو عندما تتطلب أغراضنا القانونية لاستخدام المعلومات الاحتفاظ بها. مع مراعاة أي ظروف خاصة أو قوانين معمول بها تتطلب خلاف ذلك ، سنحتفظ بمعلوماتك الشخصية لمدة عامين فقط بعد إغلاق الحساب. عندما لا تكون هناك حاجة إلى المعلومات الشخصية ، سنقوم نحن أو موردونا الخارجيون بحذف و / أو أرشفة المعلومات بشكل آمن. لمزيد من المعلومات حول مكان ومدة تخزين معلوماتك الشخصية ، ومزيد من المعلومات حول حقوقك في حذف المعلومات وإمكانية نقلها ، انظر أدناه ضمن حقوقك.
Back to top
أمن معلوماتك
نحتفظ بمجموعة من الضمانات المادية والفنية والإدارية بغرض المساعدة في حماية خصوصية البيانات والمعلومات المحددة للهوية الشخصية التي ترسلها من خلال استخدام موقعنا وبواباتنا. ويتم تخزين جميع المعلومات التي تقدمها لنا على خوادمنا الآمنة أو على الخوادم الآمنة أو الخدمات الآمنة التي تخضع لسيطرة أطراف خارجية نيابة عنا (انظر قسم "الإفصاح عن المعلومات" أعلاه). وسيتم تشفير أي معاملات دفع باستخدام تقنية طبقة مآخذ التوصيل الآمنة (SSL). وعندما نمنحك (أو في الحالات التي تختار فيها) كلمة مرور تمكنك من الوصول إلى أجزاء معينة من موقعنا، فأنت مسؤول عن الحفاظ على سرية كلمة المرور هذه.
نلتزم بتحديث تقنية الأمان التي نستخدمها واختبارها على أساس مستمر. ونقيد الوصول إلى بياناتك الشخصية على الموظفين الذين يحتاجون إلى معرفة تلك المعلومات بغرض تقديم المزايا أو الخدمات المناسبة لك. إضافة إلى ذلك، ندرب موظفينا على أهمية السرية والحفاظ على خصوصية معلوماتك وأمنها. كما نلتزم باتخاذ التدابير التأديبية المناسبة لإنفاذ مسؤوليات الخصوصية المنوطة بموظفينا.
لسوء الحظ، فإن نقل المعلومات عبر الإنترنت ليس آمنًا تمامًا. وعلى الرغم من أننا سنبذل قصارى جهدنا لحماية معلوماتك الشخصية، إلا أنه لا يمكننا ضمان أمن بياناتك المنقولة إلى موقعنا؛ لذا فإنك تتحمل المسؤولية عن أي عملية نقل للبيانات. وبمجرد استلامنا لمعلوماتك، سنستخدم إجراءات صارمة وميزات أمنية لمحاولة منع الوصول غير المصرح به.
للاطلاع على مزيدٍ من التفاصيل حول الخطوات التي نتخذها لحماية معلوماتك الشخصية، في هذه الحالات، فهي متاحة لدينا عن الطلب وذلك من خلال التواصل معنا عبر البريد الإلكتروني privacy@lesmills.com في أي وقت.
Back to top
أمن معلوماتك
نحتفظ بمجموعة من الضمانات المادية والفنية والإدارية بغرض المساعدة في حماية خصوصية البيانات والمعلومات المحددة للهوية الشخصية التي ترسلها من خلال استخدام موقعنا وبواباتنا. ويتم تخزين جميع المعلومات التي تقدمها لنا على خوادمنا الآمنة أو على الخوادم الآمنة أو الخدمات الآمنة التي تخضع لسيطرة أطراف خارجية نيابة عنا (انظر قسم "الإفصاح عن المعلومات" أعلاه). وسيتم تشفير أي معاملات دفع باستخدام تقنية طبقة مآخذ التوصيل الآمنة (SSL). وعندما نمنحك (أو في الحالات التي تختار فيها) كلمة مرور تمكنك من الوصول إلى أجزاء معينة من موقعنا، فأنت مسؤول عن الحفاظ على سرية كلمة المرور هذه.
نلتزم بتحديث تقنية الأمان التي نستخدمها واختبارها على أساس مستمر. ونقيد الوصول إلى بياناتك الشخصية على الموظفين الذين يحتاجون إلى معرفة تلك المعلومات بغرض تقديم المزايا أو الخدمات المناسبة لك. إضافة إلى ذلك، ندرب موظفينا على أهمية السرية والحفاظ على خصوصية معلوماتك وأمنها. كما نلتزم باتخاذ التدابير التأديبية المناسبة لإنفاذ مسؤوليات الخصوصية المنوطة بموظفينا.
لسوء الحظ، فإن نقل المعلومات عبر الإنترنت ليس آمنًا تمامًا. وعلى الرغم من أننا سنبذل قصارى جهدنا لحماية معلوماتك الشخصية، إلا أنه لا يمكننا ضمان أمن بياناتك المنقولة إلى موقعنا؛ لذا فإنك تتحمل المسؤولية عن أي عملية نقل للبيانات. وبمجرد استلامنا لمعلوماتك، سنستخدم إجراءات صارمة وميزات أمنية لمحاولة منع الوصول غير المصرح به.
للاطلاع على مزيدٍ من التفاصيل حول الخطوات التي نتخذها لحماية معلوماتك الشخصية، في هذه الحالات، فهي متاحة لدينا عن الطلب وذلك من خلال التواصل معنا عبر البريد الإلكتروني privacy@lesmills.com في أي وقت.
Back to top
المواقع المرتبطة
قد يحتوي الموقع على روابط لمواقع إلكترونية أخرى. ونحن لا نتحمل المسؤولية عن موثوقية المحتوى الذي تعرضه هذه المواقع الأخرى أو ممارسات الخصوصية فيها.
Back to top
لمنتديات العامة
قد نوفر لك ميزات الدردشة و/أو الرسائل الفورية و/أو لوحات الرسائل و/أو منتديات المجتمع و/أو مجموعات الأخبار من خلال الموقع أو غير ذلك. يُرجى تذكر أن أي معلومات تفصح عنها في المناطق العامة من الموقع ستصبح معلومات عامة، وستكون متاحة للجمهور. ونحن لا ننوي (ولكن نحتفظ بالحق في) مراقبة محتويات منشورات المستخدم أو الإشراف عليها أو فحصها. كما لا نتحمل أي مسؤولية عن أي محتوى من هذا القبيل ويجب أن تكون حذرًا عند التفكير في الإفصاح عن معلوماتك الشخصية في الموقع من خلال المنتديات العامة أو الخاصة.
Back to top
الأطفال
لا نجمع عن قصد معلومات من الأطفال دون سن 13 عامًا (أو السن المناسبة لإعطاء الموافقة الصحيحة في الولاية القضائية الخاصة بك، إذا كان مختلفًا) ولا يستهدف الموقع والتطبيق الأطفال الذين تقل أعمارهم عن 13 عامًا (أو السن المناسبة لإعطاء الموافقة الصحيحة في الولاية القضائية الخاصة بك، إذا كان مختلفًا). ونشجع الآباء والأوصياء على القيام بدور فعّال في أنشطة واهتمامات أطفالهم عبر الإنترنت.
يُرجى الاتصال بنا على privacy@lesmills.com إذا ما نما إلى علمك بأننا قد جمعنا معلومات شخصية من طفل دون قصد.
Back to top
فقدان المعلومات أو سرقتها
يجب عليك عدم مشاركة اسم المستخدم أو كلمة المرور الخاصين بك مع أي شخص ويجب عليك الحفاظ على أمانهما. يُرجى إخطارنا على الفور عبر البريد الإلكتروني support@lesmillsondemand.com في حالة فقدان اسم المستخدم أو كلمة المرور أو سرقتهما أو استخدامهما دون إذن. وعند الإخطار بذلك، سنقوم بإلغاء اسم المستخدم أو كلمة المرور وتحديث سجلاتنا وفقًا لذلك. ونوصي باستخدام كلمات مرور مختلفة لجميع حساباتك عبر الإنترنت.
Back to top
خيار إلغاء الاشتراك في التسويق
في حالة عدم إقامتك في المملكة المتحدة أو المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية، يحق لك رفض استخدامنا لمعلوماتك الشخصية في الاتصالات التسويقية (أو إلغاء الاشتراك منها). إذا قمت بذلك، فسيتم تمييز اسمك في سجلاتنا حتى يتم استبعادك من أي اتصال من هذا النوع في المستقبل ما لم تطلب أو توافق لاحقًا على الاتصال في المستقبل.
إذا كنت تعيش بالفعل في المملكة المتحدة أو البرازيل أو المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية، يجب عليك الاشتراك في (أو الموافقة على) المراسلات التسويقية منا، ويمكنك سحب هذه الموافقة بنفس طريقة الانسحاب أدناه، وكذلك عبر الطريقة الموضحة في بند "سحب الموافقة" أدناه.
يمكنك "إلغاء الاشتراك" عن طريق ما يلي:
·       استخدام تفاصيل الاتصال المقدمة لهذا الغرض في مراسلتنا إليك؛
·       استخدام خيار "إلغاء الاشتراك" في نهاية أي مراسلة إلكترونية نرسلها إليك؛ أو
·       عن طريق مراسلتنا عبر البريد الإلكتروني في أي وقت على privacy@lesmills.com.
Back to top
حقوقك
بناءً على بلد إقامتك، قد يكون لديك حقوق محددة على بياناتك الشخصية.
حق الوصول
قد يكون لك الحق في طلب الوصول إلى بعض البيانات الشخصية التي نحتفظ بها عنك بما في ذلك أي معلومات قمنا بمشاركتها مع شركات مجموعتنا لأغراض التسويق المباشر، مع مراعاة شروط معينة واستثناءات محدودة منصوص عليها في قوانين خصوصية البيانات ذات الصلة.
إذا كنت ترغب في القيام بذلك، فيُرجى إرسال طلبك عبر البريد الإلكتروني إلى
privacy@lesmills.com
وسنحرص، إلى الحد الذي يُطلب منا القيام بذلك بموجب القانون المعمول به، على معالجة طلبك.
سنكون منفتحين قدر الإمكان معك فيما يتعلق بطلبك، ولكن في بعض الأحيان، إلى الحد الذي تسمح به القوانين المعمول بها، قد لا نحتفظ بأي معلومات شخصية عنك أو قد نضطر إلى حجب معلومات شخصية عنك. قد تشمل هذه الظروف الحالات التي لا تتعلق فيها المعلومات شخصية بك، أو تكون حساسة تجاريًا، أو تتمتع بامتياز قانوني، أو تتعلق بالمعلومات الشخصية لشخص آخر، أو التي قد تؤثر على سلامة أو أمن موظفينا أو عملائنا حال الكشف عنها. وفي هذه الظروف، سنحجب المعلومات عنك بيد أننا سنخبرك بالأسباب وراء ذلك.
حق التصحيح
يمكنك أن تطلب منا تصحيح (تعديل) سجل بياناتك الشخصية الذي نحتفظ به إذا كان غير دقيق أو قديم.
سحب الموافقة
إذا اعتمدنا على موافقتك لنا على استخدام معلوماتك الشخصية بطريقة معينة، ولكنك غيرت رأيك لاحقًا، فيمكنك سحب موافقتك عن طريق التواصل معنا على
privacy@lesmills.com
وسنتوقف عن القيام بذلك. ومع ذلك، إذا سحبت موافقتك، فقد يؤثر ذلك على قدرتنا على تزويدك بخدماتنا (على سبيل المثال، قد لا نتمكن من توفير معلومات تسويقية لك).
حقوق أخرى
قد يمتلك المقيمون في المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية وسويسرا والمملكة المتحدة والبرازيل أيضًا حقوق إضافية خاصة بموجب تشريعات حماية البيانات المعمول بها في المنطقة الاقتصادية الأوروبية/الاتحاد الأوروبي وسويسرا والمملكة المتحدة والبرازيل على التوالي، بما في ذلك الحق في:
·       طلب معلومات عن وجود المعالجة والغرض منها؛ وفئات البيانات الشخصية المعنية؛ ومن الأطراف الأخرى خارج شركات ليس ميلز التي قد تكون قد تلقت البيانات منا؛ وما هو مصدر المعلومات (إذا لم تقدمها لنا مباشرة)؛ ومدة تخزينها؛
·       الحصول على معلومات حول إمكانية رفض المعالجة التي تعتمد على موافقتك (وعواقب القيام بذلك) إضافة إلى حذف المعلومات الشخصية التي وافقت سابقًا على استخدامها (على افتراض أننا نحتاج إليها لهذه الأغراض فقط)؛
·       طلب حذف البيانات أو التوقف عن معالجتها، مع مراعاة استثناءات معينة؛
·       طلب إخفاء الهوية أو حجب المعلومات الشخصية غير الضرورية أو المفرطة أو حذفها، بما في ذلك المعلومات الشخصية التي يتم معالجتها في حالة عدم الامتثال للقانون. وإننا نعتزم بالطبع عدم الإفراط في جمع المعلومات الشخصية والامتثال للقانون؛
·       مراجعة القرارات التي قد نتخذها استنادًا إلى المعالجة التلقائية للبيانات؛
·       مطالبتنا بعدم معالجة معلوماتك الشخصية للمصالح المشروعة التي ذكرناها أعلاه. في ظروف معينة، قد لا نتمكن من التوقف عن استخدام معلوماتك الشخصية، وفي هذه الحالة، سنخبرك بذلك على أن نخطرك بالسبب؛
·       تلقي المعلومات الشخصية التي قدمتها لنا بتنسيق منظم وشائع الاستخدام وقابل للقراءة آليًا، ونقل تلك البيانات إلى مراقب بيانات آخر؛ و
·       تقديم شكوى إلى سلطة حماية البيانات المعنية إذا كانت لديك مخاوف بشأن كيفية معالجتنا لبياناتك الشخصية. وتختلف السلطة المحلية حسب البلد. ويمكنك بدلاً من ذلك طلب الحصول على سبل الانتصاف ذات الصلة من خلال المحاكم إذا كنت تعتقد أن حقوقك قد تم انتهاكها.
إذا كنت ترغب في ممارسة أي من الحقوق المذكورة أعلاه، يُرجى إرسال طلبك إلى
privacy@lesmills.com
.
Back to top
إشعار للمقيمين في كاليفورنيا
لا ينطبق هذا القسم إلا على الأفراد المقيمين في كاليفورنيا بموجب قانون خصوصية المستهلك في كاليفورنيا لعام 2018 وقوانين الخصوصية الأخرى المعمول بها في كاليفورنيا (يُشار إليها معًا باسم "قوانين كاليفورنيا").
فيما يلي ملخص للمعلومات الشخصية، حسب التعريف الوارد لهذا المصطلح في قانون خصوصية المستهلك في كاليفورنيا، التي قد يكون +LES MILLS قد جمعها خلال الاثني عشر شهرًا السابقة، والسبب في جمعنا لمعلوماتك الشخصية، ومكان حصولنا على المعلومات الشخصية التي نجمعها عنك، والأطراف الخارجية التي نشارك معها معلوماتك الشخصية المصنفة على النحو المحدد والموضح في قوانين كاليفورنيا.
فئة المعلومات
مصادر المعلومات
الغرض من جمع المعلومات
كيف نشارك معلوماتك الشخصية
المُعرّفات
(مثل اسم الحساب، ومُعرّف الجهاز،   وعنوان البريد الإلكتروني، وعنوان بروتوكول الإنترنت (IP)، وغير ذلك
)
نجمع المُعرّفات عند التسجيل بغرض   استخدام موقعنا والاشتراك في خدماتنا.
نجمع المُعرّفات من أجل التواصل معك   وتزويدك بمعلومات حول السلع والخدمات الأخرى التي نقدمها وإنفاذ ما نطبقه من   شروط وأحكام
نشارك المعرفات مع مقدمي الخدمات   والأطراف الخارجية الأخرى من أجل تنفيذ العقد الذي نبرمه معك وتزويدك بخدماتنا   وتزويدك بمعلومات حول السلع والخدمات الأخرى.
سجلات عملاء كاليفورنيا
(مثل العنوان والاسم ورقم الهاتف)
نجمع المعلومات الشخصية عند التسجيل   بغرض استخدام موقعنا والاشتراك في خدماتنا.
نجمع المعلومات الشخصية من أجل التواصل   معك وتزويدك بمعلومات حول السلع والخدمات الأخرى التي نقدمها وإنفاذ ما نطبقه من   شروط وأحكام.
نشارك المعلومات الشخصية مع مقدمي   الخدمات والأطراف الخارجية الأخرى من أجل تنفيذ العقد الذي نبرمه معك وتزويدك   بخدماتنا وتزويدك بمعلومات حول السلع والخدمات الأخرى.
المعلومات التجارية
(مثل المنتجات أو الخدمات التي يتم   شراؤها أو الحصول عليها أو النظر فيها أو غيرها من تواريخ أو اتجاهات الشراء أو   الاستهلاك).
نجمع المعلومات التجارية من خلال تسجيلك   لاستخدام موقعنا والاشتراك في خدماتنا من مواقع ليس ميلز الإلكترونية الأخرى   والأطراف الخارجية الأخرى وتطبيقنا (إذا قمت بتنزيله) ووسائل التواصل الاجتماعي   كما هو مذكور أعلاه.
نجمع المعلومات التجارية من أجل تزويدك   بخدماتنا، وتنفيذ العقد الذي نبرمه معك، وتحليل البيانات، وتخصيص تجربتك مع   الموقع.
نشارك المعلومات التجارية مع مقدمي   الخدمات والأطراف الخارجية الأخرى من أجل تنفيذ العقد الذي نبرمه معك وتزويدك   بخدماتنا وتزويدك بمعلومات حول السلع والخدمات الأخرى على النحو المذكور أعلاه.
معلومات نشاط الإنترنت/الشبكة
(مثل الموقع الإلكتروني أو التطبيق أو   تاريخ تصفح الإعلانات)
نجمع معلومات نشاط الشبكة الإلكترونية   تلقائيًا من خلال استخدامك لموقعنا، من مواقع الإلكترونية الأخرى الخاصة بشركة   ليس ميلز والأطراف الخارجية الأخرى ووسائل التواصل الاجتماعي كما هو مذكور   أعلاه.
نجمع معلومات نشاط الشبكة الإلكترونية   من أجل التواصل معك وتزويدك بمعلومات حول السلع والخدمات الأخرى التي نقدمها   وإنفاذ ما نطبقه من شروط وأحكام.
نشارك معلومات نشاط الشبكة الإلكترونية   مع مقدمي الخدمات والأطراف الخارجية الأخرى من أجل تنفيذ العقد الذي نبرمه معك   وبما يتوافق مع الإجراءات القانونية.
بيانات تحديد الموقع الجغرافي
نجمع بيانات تحديد الموقع الجغرافي من   خلال تسجيلك لاستخدام موقعنا والاشتراك في خدماتنا.
نجمع بيانات الموقع الجغرافي لنقدم لك   خدماتنا وننفذ العقد الذي نبرمه معك.
نشارك بيانات تحديد الموقع الجغرافي مع   مقدمي الخدمات والأطراف الخارجية الأخرى على النحو المبين أعلاه من أجل الامتثال   للإجراءات القانونية، وتنفيذ العقد الذي نبرمه معك، وتزويدك بخدماتنا، وتزويدك   بمعلومات عن السلع والخدمات الأخرى، وأي غرض آخر كما هو مذكور أعلاه بعد الحصول   على موافقتك.
بموجب قوانين كاليفورنيا، يتمتع المقيمون في كاليفورنيا بالحقوق المدرجة أدناه. ويجوز لسكان كاليفورنيا ممارسة حقوق الخصوصية الخاصة بهم من خلال الاتصال بنا على support@lesmillsondemand.com. وسيتعين علينا التحقق من هويتك قبل معالجة طلبك. وحتى يمكننا التحقق من هويتك، سنطلب بشكلٍ عام إما تسجيل الدخول بنجاح إلى حسابك وإما مطابقة المعلومات الكافية التي تقدمها لنا مع المعلومات التي نحتفظ بها عنك في أنظمتنا. وعلى الرغم من أننا نحاول الحد من المعلومات الشخصية التي يتم جمعها فيما يتعلق بطلب ممارسة الحق بحيث تقتصر على المعرفة والحق في الحذف، قد تقتضي بعض الطلبات منا الحصول على معلومات شخصية إضافية منك. وفي ظل ظروف معينة، قد نرفض طلب ممارسة الحق في المعرفة والحق في الحذف، خاصةً عندما لا نتمكن من التحقق من هويتك.
لا يعتبر حقك في الوصول والحذف مطلقًا ويخضع لمجموعة معينة من الاستثناءات. على سبيل المثال، لا يمكننا الإفصاح عن أجزاء معينة من المعلومات الشخصية إذا كان الإفصاح سينشأ عنه خطرًا كبيرًا وقابلاً للتوضيح وغير معقول على أمن المعلومات الشخصية، أو حسابك لدينا أو أمن أنظمة أو شبكات العمل.
·       يحق للمقيمين في كاليفورنيا أن يطلبوا منا الإفصاح لهم عن (1) فئات المعلومات الشخصية التي جمعناها عنهم، و(2) فئات المصادر التي تم جمع المعلومات الشخصية منها، و(3) غرض العمل أو الغرض التجاري وراء جمع المعلومات، و(4) فئات الأطراف الخارجية التي شاركنا المعلومات الشخصية معها، و(5) أجزاء محددة من المعلومات الشخصية التي نحتفظ بها عن الفرد.
·       يحق للمقيمين في كاليفورنيا حذف معلوماتهم الشخصية، ما لم تكن المعلومات الشخصية ضرورية للشركة أو مقدم الخدمة من أجل:
إتمام معاملة تم جمع المعلومات الشخصية من       أجلها، أو تقديم سلعة أو خدمة يطلبها المستهلك، أو تنفيذ عقد بين الشركة       والمستهلك؛
الكشف عن الحوادث الأمنية؛
الحماية من الأنشطة الخبيثة أو الخادعة أو       الاحتيالية أو غير القانونية (أو مقاضاة المسؤولين عن ذلك)؛
تصحيح الأخطاء لتحديد الأخطاء الوظيفية       وإصلاحها؛
ممارسة أو ضمان حق شخص آخر في ممارسة حرية       التعبير أو أي حق قانوني آخر؛
الامتثال لقانون خصوصية الاتصالات       الإلكترونية في كاليفورنيا، والذي يفرض إصدار أو الوصول إلى معلومات       الاتصالات الإلكترونية أو معلومات الأجهزة الإلكترونية من خلال أمر تفتيش؛
المشاركة في بحث يصب في المصلحة العامة       (إذا قدم المستهلك موافقة مستنيرة على ذلك)؛
تمكين الاستخدامات الداخلية فقط بما يتماشى       مع توقعات المستهلك بالنظر إلى علاقته بالعمل؛
الامتثال لالتزام قانوني ما؛ أو
استخدام المعلومات داخليًا بطريقة قانونية       تتوافق مع السياق الذي قدمها فيه المستهلك.
·       يحق للمقيمين في كاليفورنيا إلغاء الاشتراك في بيع معلوماتهم الشخصية لأطراف خارجية. بموجب قانون كاليفورنيا، قد تُشكل مشاركة ليس ميلز للمعلومات الشخصية المتعلقة بالتسويق والوصول إلى خدماتنا عبر الإنترنت لأطراف خارجية معينة "بيعًا" بموجب تعريف هذا المصطلح الوارد في قانون خصوصية المستهلك في كاليفورنيا. ويمكنك إلغاء الاشتراك في مشاركة هذه المعلومات على متصفحك بالنقر على رابط Do Not Sell My Info (عدم بيع معلوماتي) في تذييل الصفحة الرئيسية.
ولن نمارس التمييز ضدك لممارسة أي من حقوقك المنصوص عليها في قانون خصوصية المستهلك في كاليفورنيا. ما لم يسمح قانون خصوصية المستهلك في كاليفورنيا بذلك، لن نرفض عليك السلع أو الخدمات، ولن نفرض عليك أسعارًا مختلفة للسلع أو الخدمات، بما في ذلك من خلال منح خصومات أو مزايا أخرى، أو فرض عقوبات، ولن نقدم لك مستوى أو جودة مختلفة للسلع أو الخدمات، أو نقترح عليك أن تحصل على سعر مختلف للسلع أو الخدمات أو مستوى أو جودة مختلفة للسلع والخدمات.
في بعض الحالات، يجوز لك تعيين وكيل مفوض لتقديم طلبات من أجل ممارسة بعض حقوق الخصوصية نيابةً عنك. وسنطلب التحقق من أنك قدمت إذن الوكيل المعتمد لتقديم الطلبات نيابة عنك. ويجب عليك تزويدنا بنسخة من الإذن الموقع الذي منحته للوكيل المعتمد لتقديم الطلبات نيابة عنك والتحقق من هويتك مباشرةً لدينا.
بموجب القسمين 1798.83-1798.84 من القانون المدني لولاية كاليفورنيا، والمعروفين أيضًا باسم "تسليط الضوء على القانون"، يحق لأي من مستخدمينا المقيمين في ولاية كاليفورنيا طلب والحصول مرة واحدة سنويًا مجانًا على إخطار من طرفنا يوضح فئات معلومات العملاء الشخصية (إن وجدت) التي شاركناها مع أطراف خارجية أو الشركات التابعة المؤسسية لأغراض التسويق المباشر خلال العام التقويمي السابق. وسيحدد الإخطار، إن أمكن ذلك، فئات المعلومات التي تمت مشاركتها وأسماء وعناوين الأطراف الخارجية والشركات التابعة التي تم مشاركة المعلومات معها. وإذا كنت مقيمًا في كاليفورنيا وترغب في طلب نسخة من هذا الإخطار، يُرجى تقديم طلب كتابي إلى العنوان التالي CCPA@lesmills.com. وفي طلبك، يُرجى تحديد أنك ترغب في الحصول على "إشعار حقوق الخصوصية في كاليفورنيا". ويُرجى منك الانتظار لمدة ثلاثين يومًا على الأقل للرد على طلبك.
Back to top
الاتصال بنا
حتى يمكنك ممارسة امتيازات إلغاء الاشتراك الخاصة بك، أو الوصول إلى معلومات المستخدم خاصتك، أو الحصول على مزيد من المعلومات حول سياسة الخصوصية هذه، أو إبلاغنا بالأمور الأخرى المتعلقة بتجاربك مع ليس ميلز أو الموقع، يُرجى التواصل معنا من خلال البريد أو عبر البريد الإلكتروني على:
شركة ليس ميلز ميديا ليمتد،٢٠٠ شارع فيكتوريا الغربي، أوكلاند ١٠١٠، نيوزيلندا
البريد الإلكتروني: privacy@lesmills.com
Back to top
التغييرات التي تطرأ على هذه السياسة
يجوز لنا تحديث سياسة الخصوصية الماثلة أو تغييرها في أي وقت. وسنلتزم بإخطارك بأي تغييرات عن طريق نشر سياسة محدثة على موقعنا وإخطارك (عند الاقتضاء) بذلك عن طريق البريد أو عبر البريد الإلكتروني. ونشير إلى أن أي تعديل من هذا القبيل يصبح ساريًا فور نشره على الموقع. وحيثما يقتضي القانون المعمول به منا القيام بذلك، سنسعى للحصول على موافقتك على هذه التغييرات ومنحك فرصة لإلغاء اشتراكك.
Back to top
للغة
يجوز ترجمة هذه السياسة إلى لغات أخرى. وتوافق على أنه في حالة وجود أي تعارض بين الترجمة وهذه السياسة، تسود النسخة المحررة باللغة الإنجليزية ويُعمل بها.
Back to top