Privacy policy
Langster Languages by A-Type Technologies GmbH ("A-Type") knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and A-Type takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Statement. By using the readle-app.com website, or any of our mobile applications (such as are available via the App Store and Google Play Store), and any related services and/or features (collectively, the "Service") you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Statement. If you are a resident of the European Union ("EU"), United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR") with respect to your Personal Information, as
outlined below
.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at this app, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to the user’s name and email, and profile picture. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your devices’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, configuration of the app when utilising our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your devices’s internal memory.
This Services does not uses these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
GDPR
For this GDPR section, we use the terms "Personal Data" and "processing" as they are defined in the GDPR, but "Personal Data" generally means information that can be used to individually identify a person, and "processing" generally covers actions that can be performed in connection with data such as collection, use, storage and disclosure. A-Type will be the controller of your Personal Data processed in connection with the Sites. Note that we may also process Personal Data of our customers' end users or employees in connection with our provision of services to customers, in which case we are the processor of Personal Data. If we are the processor of your Personal Data (i.e., not the controller), please contact the controller party in the first instance to address your rights with respect to such data.
If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy, the policy or portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at support@readle-app.com.
What Personal Data Do We Collect From You?
We collect Personal Data about you when you provide such information directly to us, when third parties such as our business partners or service providers provide us with Personal Data about you, or when Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of our Sites.
Information we collect directly from you: We receive Personal Data directly from you when you provide us with such Personal Data, including but without limitation the following:
Required:
First and last name
Email address
Birthdate
IP address(es)
Optional:
Mailing address
Telephone number
Facts about education history and career
General location
Information we receive from third party sources: Some third parties such as our business partners and service providers provide us with Personal Data about you, such as the following:
Account information for third party services:
If you interact with a third party service when using our Sites, such as if you use a third party service to log-in to our Sites (e.g., Facebook, Google, or Twitter), or if you share content from our Sites through a third party social media service, the third party service will send us information about you, such as information from your public profile, if the third party service and your account settings allow such sharing. The information we receive will depend on the policies and your account settings with the third party service.
Information we automatically collect when you use our Sites: Some Personal Data is automatically collected when you use our Sites, such as the following:
IP address
Device identifiers
Web browser information
Page view statistics
Browsing history
Usage information
Transaction information (e.g. transaction amount, date and time such transaction occurred)
Cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g. web beacons, pixel tags, SDKs, etc.) — For more information, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
Location inferred from your IP address
Log data (e.g. access times, hardware and software information)
How Do We Use Your Personal Data?
We process Persona Data to operate, improve, understand and personalize our Sites. For example, we use Personal Data to:
Create and manage user profiles
Communicate with you about the Sites
Process orders
Contact you about Site announcements, updates or offers
Provide support and assistance for the Sites
Personalize website content and communications based on your preferences
Meet contract or legal obligations
Respond to user inquiries
Fulfill user requests
Comply with our legal or contractual obligations
Resolve disputes
Protect against or deter fraudulent, illegal or harmful actions
Enforce our Terms and Conditions
We will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity and our "legitimate interests" or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below.
Contractual Necessity:
We process the following categories of Personal Data as a matter of "contractual necessity", meaning that we need to process the data to perform under our Terms and Conditions with you, which enables us to provide you with the Sites. When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Sites that require such data.
First and last name
Email address
Birthdate
Mailing address
Telephone number
Facts about education history and career
General location
Legitimate Interest:
We process the following categories of Personal Data when we believe it furthers the legitimate interest of us or third parties.
First and last name
Email address
Birthdate
IP address(es)
Examples of these legitimate interests include:
Operation and improvement of our business, products and services
Marketing of our products and services
Provision of customer support
Protection from fraud or security threats
Compliance with legal obligations
Completion of corporate transactions
Consent:
In some cases, we process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. When we process Personal Data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.
Other Processing Grounds:
From time to time we may also need to process Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.
How and With Whom Do We Share Your Data?
We share Personal Data with vendors, third party service providers and agents who work on our behalf and provide us with services related to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions. These parties include:
Payment processors
Ad networks
Analytics service providers
Services to provide customer support
Hosting service providers
We also share Personal Data when necessary to complete a transaction initiated or authorized by you or provide you with a product or service you have requested. In addition to those set forth above, these parties also include:
Other users (where you post information publicly or as otherwise necessary to effect a transaction initiated or authorized by you through the Sites)
Social media services (if you interact with them through your use of the Sites)
Other parties authorized by you
We also share information with third parties when you have given us consent to do so (as indicated at the point such information is collected).
We also share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to:
Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies
Protect us, our business or our users, for example to enforce our Terms and Conditions, prevent spam or other unwanted communications and investigate or protect against fraud
Maintain the security of our products and services
Provide a service directly authorized and requested by you, the end user
Furthermore, if we choose to buy or sell assets, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets. Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party, and we would share Personal Data with the party that is acquiring our assets. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy.
How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data about you as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you Services. In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. Afterwards, we retain some information in a depersonalized or aggregated form but not in a way that would identify you personally.
What Security Measures Do We Use?
We seek to protect Personal Data using appropriate technical and organizational measures based on the type of Personal Data and applicable processing activity. For example, we encrypt all data in-transit, obfuscate and anonymize data that we share with processors like analytics services, and maintain all services with security patches in a timely manner. We also require that our suppliers protect such information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure.
Personal Data of Children:
We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the Sites or send any Personal Data about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected Personal Data from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us Personal Data, please contact us at support@readle-app.com.
What Rights Do You Have Regarding Your Personal Data?
You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email support@readle-app.com. Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need to you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.
Access:
You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data.
Rectification:
If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data.
Erasure:
You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems.
Withdrawal of Consent:
If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our Sites.
Portability:
You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.
Objection:
You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes.
Restriction of Processing:
You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data.
Right to File Complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint about A-Type's practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to please contact us at support@readle-app.com