WikiFarms Australia
is our official application to help you find a
farm work
in Australia ! Find thousands of
farms contact
, working hostels and agencies in our app.
What is WikiFarms Australia ?
WikiFarms Australia is available to download on the
Google Play Store
and now on the
App Store
. The app have been around for a couple of years. It is the first tool you should consider to optimize your search of
farm work
. The app offer your almost 2000 farmers contact and it’s the largest farmers database available for backpackers.
WikiFarms Australia is the essential application for backpackers looking for a
farm work in Australia
. Whether you are looking for a casual job during your trip or aiming to complete your 88 days of
farm work
, WikiFarms Australia will be your guide!
The application will help you to be in contact with farmers by making available a map with thousands of farms around Australia!
Besides, the database is always growing and constantly being updated by our team. Companies are added weekly, contacts are regularly verified, making it the largest database for
fruit picking jobs
in Australia! With more than 2000 companies listed in the app you’ll have all the information you need to find a
farm job
quickly.
How can I find a farm work with WikiFarms ?
WikiFarms Australia makes it easy to find a farm. Simply use the map screen to see exactly where are located the farms. Then tap a site to bring up its description. It will show you the name of the company, type of crops, phone number, website and email. You can then call the farmers directly from the app and ask them if they need workers. If you are ready to go, you can start an itinerary from your current location and ask them in person!
In addition, the app allows you to use filters. So, if you are looking to work in a specific area or to pick a specific type of fruit during a specific time, you can do that! The app also lists working hostels, tourism offices, working agencies that can help to find a job in a specific area. With the app you can calculate your 88 days of farm work easily and see if you’re ready to apply for the Second (or Third soon!) Year Visa.
Learn more about our app
WikiFarms Australia
Download WikiFarms Australia on Google Play Store
Download
Our tools
Here you can find our essential tools !
Harvest Map
You don't know where to search a farm job? Use our free harvest map to located the regional towns in Australia.
WikiFarms Australia
Our official application gathers all the necessary tools to find farm work in a map: thousands of farms contact, working hostels, agencies and backpackers reviews.
88 Days Calculation
Are you already working on a farm? Use our free tool to calculate how many days you have cumulated.
Meet other backpackers
We have a very active community on Facebook. Join our groups and share your experience with other backpackers.
A question?
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
Name
*
Email
*
Message
*
GDPR Agreement
*
I consent to having this website store my submitted information so they can respond to my inquiry.
Website
Send