404
Oops!Page Not Found
Sorry! The page you're looking for clocked out!
Return to Store404
Oops!Page Not Found
Sorry! The page you're looking for clocked out!
Return to Store
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mythinkcar.com/pages/privacy-policy:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Hello, thank you for using THINKCAR's products and services. Below, we explain the privacy policies for our THINKCAR devices, applications, and websites. You will learn how the data we collect is used and protected, and the steps we take to ensure information security.
1. The information we collect
When you use our services, we collect the following information you provide.
*Account information
Create account information on our service, such as your name, email address, password, mobile phone number, etc. This is the information you must provide to create an account. We use this information to personalize your services, develop new services, and contact you through the use of services.
To enable the main features of the THINKCAR application, you need to provide us with additional information about your vehicle, such as vehicle identification number (VINS), manufacturer, model, engine type and mileage.
*Additional information
If you contact us or participate in investigation, promotion, etc., we will collect the information you submit, such as your name, contact information, etc.
*Information from third party sources
If your account on our services connects to an account on another service, we may receive information from another service. For example, if you connect to Facebook, we may receive information such as your name, age range, language, and email address. When you link to the service, you expressly agree to share this information with us. By canceling access to other services, you can stop sharing information from other services with us.
*Payment and credit card information
If you purchase THINKCAR products or services on our website, you will provide your payment information, including your name, credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address. We do not store this payment information. Please note that the third-party payment processor may retain this information in accordance with its privacy policy and terms. To fulfill your order, we save your name and shipping address. We also store your email address so that you can keep track of your order fulfillment and information.
We obtain information from you using our services.
*Vehicle information
To use our services, we collect information about the vehicles you plug into your THINKCAR device. Such information includes, but is not limited to: OBD diagnostic reports, which help explain why the car's inspection engine lights appear; System-wide test reports, which help you provide professional maintenance advice on vehicle problems.
We collect this information to explain and present to you. We also anonymously aggregate this data into power prediction algorithms. This will never contain any personally identifiable information about you. These algorithms predict other problems by comparing them to problems detected by other vehicles so that we can tell you about problems that are outside the range of your vehicle's detection. You can stop this collection at any time by removing the THINKCAR device from the vehicle.
*Equipment information
When we install the THINKCAR application, we collect information about the device on which the application is running. Examples include platform, operating system version, manufacturer, and model. This enables us to detect and resolve application problems.
*The location information
service includes the ability to use location data, including GPS signals, Wi-Fi access points and more. This enables us to know when you are driving and enable location-based features such as maps in the application. This permission is required to connect to a Bluetooth device, such as a THINKCAR device, on a device running Android operating system version 6.0 or above. Your location data will not leave your mobile device; We do not access, collect, or store it. We do not provide this information to third parties. You can select this feature by enabling location permissions in your application, or you can revoke these permissions at any time.
2. How do we use information?
We will use the information collected for the following purposes.
*Provide and maintain services
With the information we have collected, we can provide services for you and abide by the service agreement we have signed with you. For example, we need to use your information to provide you with THINKCAR vehicle test reports and customer support in our THINKCAR application.
*Improve, personalize, and develop services
We use the information we collect to improve and personalize services and develop new services. For example, we use this information to troubleshoot and prevent errors; Perform data analysis and testing; Conducting research and investigations; And developing new features.
*To communicate with you
When required, we use your information to send you service notifications and reply to you when you contact us. We also use your information to promote new features or products that we thank you are interested in.
*Promoting safety protection
We use the information we gather to promote security for services, users, and others. For example, we can use this information to authenticate users and prevent fraud and abuse.
*Do you agree?
For the use of your personal data, we will first obtain your consent, you can also at any time through our service to close your consent.
3. How to share information
We do not share your personal information except in the following limited circumstances.
*For legal reasons
We may keep or disclose information about you to comply with laws, regulations, legal procedures or government requirements; Defend legal rights or defend against legal claims; Or prevent, detect or investigate illegal activities, fraud, abuse, breach of our terms or threaten the safety of the service or the personal safety of any person.
*Used to summarize reports
We can share non-personal information, which is aggregated or non-identifiable, so that it cannot be reasonably used to identify individuals. We may disclose such information publicly or to third parties, such as public reports on vehicle age and problems, and partners with whom we have entered into agreements.
4. You have the right to access and control your personal data
We provide you with account setup to access and process your personal data.
*Access, edit, and delete data
Using the THINKCAR application, you can access and, in some cases, export most of your personal information, including information on your account and on your vehicle. Your account Settings allow you to change and delete most personal information. You can also delete your account, and we will delete all relevant data stored on your server.
*Oppose or restrict the use of data
We provide your account setup function to control our data usage. For example, you can restrict receiving our notifications, turn off location information, and so on.
5. Data storage
We save your account information such as your name, email address and password as long as your account exists as we need it to operate your account. In some cases, when you provide information for a function of a service, we remove it after the function no longer needs data. Unless otherwise specified, we retain other information, such as your vehicle diagnostic information, until you request us to delete the data or your account as we use this data to provide you with your vehicle information and other services. For legitimate business interests, we also keep information about you and your use of the service, including how we use the information and how the information is shared.
6. Information security
We try to make sure your data is secure. We maintain data security using a combination of technology, management, and physical control. The security of your information is also up to you. If we provide you (or wherever you choose) with a password to access certain parts of the THINKCAR application, you are responsible for keeping that password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. No method of transferring or storing data is completely secure. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumventing any privacy Settings or the security measures we provide. If you have safety related questions, please contact us.
7. Change of this policy
We will update our privacy policy from time to time according to user feedback and relevant policy changes. If we change the way we treat our users' personal information, we will issue a new privacy policy within the service and alert you when you use the THINKCAR service.
8. Contact us
If you have any question, suggestion or concern about this policy, or if you have any question about our user privacy policy, please contact us:
Website: https://mythinkcar.com/
Telephone: 833-692-2766
Email: support@thinkcarus.com
Thinkcar Inc
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Thanks for subscribing!
This email has been registered!
this is just a warning
Email Address
*
Password
*
Forgot your password?
Create account
Close
Close
Preferences
Got it!